Amen. all. you with be Christ Jesus Lord our of grace The
Jesus. Lord come, so, Even Amen. quickly. come I Surely saith, things these testifieth which He
book. this in written are which things the from and city, holy the of out and life, of book the of out part his away take shall God prophecy, this of book the of words the from away take shall man any if And
book: this in written are that plagues the him unto add shall God things, these unto add shall man any If book, this of prophecy the of words the heareth that man every unto testify I For
freely. life of water the take him let will, whosoever And come. athirst is that him let And Come. say, heareth that him let And Come. say, bride the and Spirit the And
star. morning and bright the and David, of offspring the and root the am I churches. the in things these you unto testify to angel mine sent have Jesus I
lie. a maketh and loveth whosoever and idolaters, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and dogs, are without For
city. the into gates the through in enter may and life, of tree the to right have may they that commandments, his do that they are Blessed
last. the and first the end, the and beginning the Omega, and Alpha am I
be. shall work his as according man every give to me, with is reward my and quickly; come I behold, And,
still. holy be him let holy, is that he and still: righteous be him let righteous, is that he and still: filthy be him let filthy, is which he and still: unjust be him let unjust, is that He
hand. at is time the for book: this of prophecy the of sayings the not Seal me, unto saith he And
God. worship book: this of sayings the keep which them of and prophets, the brethren thy of and fellowservant, thy am I for not: it do thou See me, unto he saith Then
things. these me shewed which angel the of feet the before worship to down fell I seen, and heard had I when And them. heard and things, these saw John I And
book. this of prophecy the of sayings the keepeth that he is blessed quickly: come I Behold,
done. be shortly must which things the servants his unto shew to angel his sent prophets holy the of God Lord the and true: and faithful are sayings These me, unto said he And
ever. and ever for reign shall they and light: them giveth God Lord the for sun; the of light neither candle, no need they and there; night no be shall there And
foreheads. their in be shall name his and face; his see shall they And
him: serve shall servants his and it; in be shall Lamb the of and God of throne the but curse: more no be shall there And
nations. the of healing the for were tree the of leaves the and month: every fruit her yielded and fruits, of manner twelve bare which life, of tree the there was river, the of side either on and it, of street the of midst the In
Lamb. the of and God of throne the of out proceeding crystal, as clear life, of water of river pure a me shewed he And
life. of book Lamb's the in written are which they but lie: a maketh or abomination, worketh whatsoever neither defileth, that thing any it into enter wise no in shall there And
it. into nations the of honour and glory the bring shall they And
there. night no be shall there for day: by all at shut be not shall it of gates the And
it. into honour and glory their bring do earth the of kings the and it: of light the in walk shall saved are which them of nations the And
thereof. light the is Lamb the and it, lighten did God of glory the for it: in shine to moon, the of neither sun, the of need no had city the And
it. of temple the are Lamb the and Almighty God Lord the for therein: temple no saw I And
glass. transparent were it as gold, pure was city the of street the and pearl: one of was gate several every pearls: twelve were gates twelve the And
amethyst. an twelfth, the jacinth; a eleventh, the chrysoprasus; a tenth, the topaz; a ninth, the beryl; eighth, the chrysolyte; seventh, the sardius; sixth, the sardonyx; fifth, The
emerald; an fourth, the chalcedony; a third, the sapphire; second, the jasper; was foundation first The stones. precious of manner all with garnished were city the of wall the of foundations the And
glass. clear unto like gold, pure was city the and jasper: of was it of wall the of building the And
angel. the of is, that man, a of measure the to according cubits, four and forty and hundred an thereof, wall the measured he And
equal. are it of height the and breadth the and length The furlongs. thousand twelve reed, the with city the measured he and breadth: the as large as is length the and foursquare, lieth city the And
thereof. wall the and thereof, gates the and city, the measure to reed golden a had me with talked that he And
Lamb. the of apostles twelve the of names the them in and foundations, twelve had city the of wall the And
gates. three west the on and gates; three south the on gates; three north the on gates; three east the On
Israel: of children the of tribes twelve the of names the are which thereon, written names and angels, twelve gates the at and gates, twelve had and high, and great wall a had And
crystal; as clear stone, jasper a like even precious, most stone a unto like was light her and God: of glory the Having
God, from heaven of out descending Jerusalem, holy the city, great that me shewed and mountain, high and great a to spirit the in away me carried he And
wife. Lamb's the bride, the thee shew will I hither, Come saying, me, with talked and plagues, last seven the of full vials seven the had which angels seven the of one me unto came there And
death. second the is which brimstone: and fire with burneth which lake the in part their have shall liars, all and idolaters, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murderers, and abominable, the and unbelieving, and fearful, the But
son. my be shall he and God, his be will I and things; all inherit shall overcometh that He
freely. life of water the of fountain the of athirst is that him unto give will I end. the and beginning the Omega, and Alpha am I done. is It me, unto said he And
faithful. and true are words these for Write: me, unto said he And new. things all make I Behold, said, throne the upon sat that he And
away. passed are things former the for pain: more any be there shall neither crying, nor sorrow, neither death, more no be shall there and eyes; their from tears all away wipe shall God And
God. their be and them, with be shall himself God and people, his be shall they and them, with dwell will he and men, with is God of tabernacle the Behold, saying, heaven of out voice great a heard I And
husband. her for adorned bride a as prepared heaven, of out God from down coming Jerusalem, new city, holy the saw John I And
sea. more no was there and away; passed were earth first the and heaven first the for earth: new a and heaven new a saw I And
fire. of lake the into cast was life of book the in written found not was whosoever And
death. second the is This fire. of lake the into cast were hell and death And
works. their to according man every judged were they and them: in were which dead the up delivered hell and death and it; in were which dead the up gave sea the And
works. their to according books, the in written were which things those of out judged were dead the and life: of book the is which opened, was book another and opened: were books the and God; before stand great, and small dead, the saw I And
them. for place no found was there and away; fled heaven the and earth the face whose from it, on sat that him and throne, white great a saw I And
ever. and ever for night and day tormented be shall and are, prophet false the and beast the where brimstone, and fire of lake the into cast was them deceived that devil the And
them. devoured and heaven, of out God from down came fire and city: beloved the and about, saints the of camp the compassed and earth, the of breadth the on up went they And
sea. the of sand the as is whom of number the battle: to together them gather to Magog, and Gog, earth, the of quarters four the in are which nations the deceive to out go shall And
prison, his of out loosed be shall Satan expired, are years thousand the when And
years. thousand a him with reign shall and Christ, of and God of priests be shall they but power, no hath death second the such on resurrection: first the in part hath that he is holy and Blessed
resurrection. first the is This finished. were years thousand the until again not lived dead the of rest the But
years. thousand a Christ with reigned and lived they and hands; their in or foreheads, their upon mark his received had neither image, his neither beast, the worshipped not had which and God, of word the for and Jesus, of witness the for beheaded were that them of souls the saw I and them: unto given was judgment and them, upon sat they and thrones, saw I And
season. little a loosed be must he that after and fulfilled: be should years thousand the till more, no nations the deceive should he that him, upon seal a set and up, him shut and pit, bottomless the into him cast And
years, thousand a him bound and Satan, and Devil, the is which serpent, old that dragon, the on hold laid he And
hand. his in chain great a and pit bottomless the of key the having heaven, from down come angel an saw I And
flesh. their with filled were fowls the all and mouth: his of out proceeded sword which horse, the upon sat that him of sword the with slain were remnant the And
brimstone. with burning fire of lake a into alive cast were both These image. his worshipped that them and beast, the of mark the received had that them deceived he which with him, before miracles wrought that prophet false the him with and taken, was beast the And
army. his against and horse, the on sat that him against war make to together gathered armies, their and earth, the of kings the and beast, the saw I And
great. and small both bond, and free both men, all of flesh the and them, on sit that them of and horses, of flesh the and men, mighty of flesh the and captains, of flesh the and kings, of flesh the eat may ye That
God; great the of supper the unto together yourselves gather and Come heaven, of midst the in fly that fowls the all to saying voice, loud a with cried he and sun; the in standing angel an saw I And
. Lords Of Lord And Kings, Of King written, name a thigh his on and vesture his on hath he And
God. Almighty of wrath and fierceness the of winepress the treadeth he and iron: of rod a with them rule shall he and nations: the smite should he it with that sword, sharp a goeth mouth his of out And
clean. and white linen, fine in clothed horses, white upon him followed heaven in were which armies the And
God. of Word The called is name his and blood: in dipped vesture a with clothed was he And
himself. he but knew, man no that written, name a had he and crowns; many were head his on and fire, of flame a as were eyes His
war. make and judge doth he righteousness in and True, and Faithful called was him upon sat that he and horse; white a behold and opened, heaven saw I And
prophecy. of spirit the is Jesus of testimony the for God: worship Jesus: of testimony the have that brethren thy of and fellowservant, thy am I not: it do thou See me, unto said he And him. worship to feet his at fell I And
God. of sayings true the are These me, unto saith he And Lamb. the of supper marriage the unto called are which they are Blessed Write, me, unto saith he And
saints. of righteousness the is linen fine the for white: and clean linen, fine in arrayed be should she that granted was her to And
ready. herself made hath wife his and come, is Lamb the of marriage the for him: to honour give and rejoice, and glad be us Let
reigneth. omnipotent God Lord the for Alleluia: saying, thunderings, mighty of voice the as and waters, many of voice the as and multitude, great a of voice the were it as heard I And
great. and small both him, fear that ye and servants, his ye all God, our Praise saying, throne, the of out came voice a And
Alleluia. Amen; saying, throne, the on sat that God worshipped and down fell beasts four the and elders twenty and four the And
ever. and ever for up rose smoke her And Alleluia said, they again And
hand. her at servants his of blood the avenged hath and fornication, her with earth the corrupt did which whore, great the judged hath he for judgments: his are righteous and true For
God: our Lord the unto power, and honour, and glory, and Salvation, Alleluia; saying, heaven, in people much of voice great a heard I things these after And
earth. the upon slain were that all of and saints, of and prophets, of blood the found was her in And
deceived. nations all were sorceries thy by for earth; the of men great the were merchants thy for thee: in all at more no heard be shall bride the of and bridegroom the of voice the and thee; in all at more no shine shall candle a of light the And
thee; in all at more no heard be shall millstone a of sound the and thee; in more any found be shall be, he craft whatsoever of craftsman, no and thee; in all at more no heard be shall trumpeters, and pipers, of and musicians, and harpers, of voice the And
all. at more no found be shall and down, thrown be Babylon city great that shall violence with Thus saying, sea, the into it cast and millstone, great a like stone a up took angel mighty a And
her. on you avenged hath God for prophets; and apostles holy ye and heaven, thou her, over Rejoice
desolate. made she is hour one in for costliness! her of reason by sea the in ships had that all rich made were wherein city, great that alas Alas, saying, wailing, and weeping cried, and heads, their on dust cast they And
city! great this unto like is city What saying, burning, her of smoke the saw they when cried And
off, afar stood sea, by trade as many as and sailors, and ships, in company the all and shipmaster, every And nought. to come is riches great so hour one in For
pearls! and stones, precious and gold, with decked and scarlet, and purple, and linen, fine in clothed was that city, great that alas Alas, saying, And
wailing, and weeping torment, her of fear the for off afar stand shall her, by rich made were which things, these of merchants The
all. at more no them find shalt thou and thee, from departed are goodly and dainty were which things all and thee, from departed are after lusted soul thy that fruits the And
men. of souls and slaves, and chariots, and horses, and sheep, and beasts, and wheat, and flour, fine and oil, and wine, and frankincense, and ointments, and odours, and cinnamon, And
marble, and iron, and brass, of and wood, precious most of vessels manner all and ivory, of vessels manner all and wood, thyine all and scarlet, and silk, and purple, and linen, fine and pearls, of and stones, precious and silver, and gold, of merchandise The
more: any merchandise their buyeth man no for her; over mourn and weep shall earth the of merchants the And
come. judgment thy is hour one in for city! mighty that Babylon, city great that alas Alas, saying, torment, her of fear the for off afar Standing
burning, her of smoke the see shall they when her, for lament and her, bewail shall her, with deliciously lived and fornication committed have who earth, the of kings the And
her. judgeth who God Lord the is strong for fire: with burned utterly be shall she and famine; and mourning, and death, day, one in come plagues her shall Therefore
sorrow. no see shall and widow, no am and queen, a sit I heart, her in saith she for her: give sorrow and torment much so deliciously, lived and herself, glorified hath she much How
double. her to fill filled hath she which cup the in works: her to according double her unto double and you, rewarded she as even her Reward
iniquities. her remembered hath God and heaven, unto reached have sins her For
plagues. her of not receive ye that and sins, her of partakers not be ye that people, my her, of out Come saying, heaven, from voice another heard I And
delicacies. her of abundance the through rich waxed are earth the of merchants the and her, with fornication committed have earth the of kings the and fornication, her of wrath the of wine the of drunk have nations all For
bird. hateful and unclean every of cage a and spirit, foul every of hold the and devils, of habitation the become is and fallen, is fallen, is great the Babylon saying, voice, strong a with mightily cried he And
glory. his with lightened was earth the and power; great having heaven, from down come angel another saw I things these after And
earth. the of kings the over reigneth which city, great that is sawest thou which woman the And
fulfilled. be shall God of words the until beast, the unto kingdom their give and agree, to and will, his fulfil to hearts their in put hath God For
fire. with her burn and flesh, her eat shall and naked, and desolate her make shall and whore, the hate shall these beast, the upon sawest thou which horns ten the And
tongues. and nations, and multitudes, and peoples, are sitteth, whore the where sawest, thou which waters The me, unto saith he And
faithful. and chosen, and called, are him with are that they and kings: of King and lords, of Lord is he for them: overcome shall Lamb the and Lamb, the with war make shall These
beast. the unto strength and power their give shall and mind, one have These
beast. the with hour one kings as power receive but yet; as kingdom no received have which kings, ten are sawest thou which horns ten the And
perdition. into goeth and seven, the of is and eighth, the is he even not, is and was, that beast the And
space. short a continue must he cometh, he when and come; yet not is other the and is, one and fallen, are five kings: seven are there And
sitteth. woman the which on mountains, seven are heads seven The wisdom. hath which mind the is here And
is. yet and not, is and was, that beast the behold they when world, the of foundation the from life of book the in written not were names whose wonder, shall earth the on dwell that they and perdition: into go and pit, bottomless the of out ascend shall and not; is and was, sawest thou that beast The
horns. ten and heads seven the hath which her, carrieth that beast the of and woman, the of mystery the thee tell will I marvel? thou didst Wherefore me, unto said angel the And
admiration. great with wondered I her, saw I when and Jesus: of martyrs the of blood the with and saints, the of blood the with drunken woman the saw I And
. Earth The Of Abominations And Harlots Of Mother The Great, The Babylon Mystery, written, name a was forehead her upon And
fornication: her of filthiness and abominations of full hand her in cup golden a having pearls, and stones precious and gold with decked and colour, scarlet and purple in arrayed was woman the And
horns. ten and heads seven having blasphemy, of names of full beast, coloured scarlet a upon sit woman a saw I and wilderness: the into spirit the in away me carried he So
fornication. her of wine the with drunk made been have earth the of inhabitants the and fornication, committed have earth the of kings the whom With
waters: many upon sitteth that whore great the of judgment the thee unto shew will I hither; Come me, unto saying me, with talked and vials, seven the had which angels seven the of one came there And
great. exceeding was thereof plague the for hail; the of plague the of because God blasphemed men and talent: a of weight the about stone every heaven, of out hail great a men upon fell there And
found. not were mountains the and away, fled island every And
wrath. his of fierceness the of wine the of cup the her unto give to God, before remembrance in came Babylon great and fell: nations the of cities the and parts, three into divided was city great the And
great. so and earthquake, an mighty so earth, the upon were men since not was as such earthquake, great a was there and lightnings; and thunders, and voices, were there And
done. is It saying, throne, the from heaven, of temple the of out voice great a came there and air; the into vial his out poured angel seventh the And
Armageddon. tongue Hebrew the in called place a into together them gathered he And
shame. his see they and naked, walk he lest garments, his keepeth and watcheth, that he is Blessed thief. a as come I Behold,
Almighty. God of day great that of battle the to them gather to world, whole the of and earth the of kings the unto forth go which miracles, working devils, of spirits the are they For
prophet. false the of mouth the of out and beast, the of mouth the of out and dragon, the of mouth the of out come frogs like spirits unclean three saw I And
prepared. be might east the of kings the of way the that up, dried was thereof water the and Euphrates; river great the upon vial his out poured angel sixth the And
deeds. their of not repented and sores, their and pains their of because heaven of God the blasphemed And
pain, for tongues their gnawed they and darkness; of full was kingdom his and beast; the of seat the upon vial his out poured angel fifth the And
glory. him give to not repented they and plagues: these over power hath which God, of name the blasphemed and heat, great with scorched were men And
fire. with men scorch to him unto given was power and sun; the upon vial his out poured angel fourth the And
judgments. thy are righteous and true Almighty, God Lord so, Even say, altar the of out another heard I And
worthy. are they for drink; to blood them given hast thou and prophets, and saints of blood the shed have they For
thus. judged hast thou because be, shalt and wast, and art, which Lord, O righteous, art Thou say, waters the of angel the heard I And
blood. became they and waters; of fountains and rivers the upon vial his out poured angel third the And
sea. the in died soul living every and man: dead a of blood the as became it and sea; the upon vial his out poured angel second the And
image. his worshipped which them upon and beast, the of mark the had which men the upon sore grievous and noisome a fell there and earth; the upon vial his out poured and went, first the And
earth. the upon God of wrath the of vials the out pour and ways, your Go angels, seven the to saying temple the of out voice great a heard I And
fulfilled. were angels seven the of plagues seven the till temple, the into enter to able was man no and power; his from and God, of glory the from smoke with filled was temple the And
ever. and ever for liveth who God, of wrath the of full vials golden seven angels seven the unto gave beasts four the of one And
girdles. golden with girded breasts their having and linen, white and pure in clothed plagues, seven the having temple, the of out came angels seven the And
opened: was heaven in testimony the of tabernacle the of temple the behold, and, looked, I that after And
manifest. made are judgments thy for thee; before worship and come shall nations all for holy: art only thou for name? thy glorify and Lord, O thee, fear not shall Who
saints. of King thou ways, thy are true and just Almighty; God Lord works, thy are marvellous and Great saying, Lamb, the of song the and God, of servant the Moses of song the sing they And
God. of harps the having glass, of sea the on stand name, his of number the over and mark, his over and image, his over and beast, the over victory the gotten had that them and fire: with mingled glass of sea a were it as saw I And
God. of wrath the up filled is them in for plagues; last seven the having angels seven marvellous, and great heaven, in sign another saw I And
furlongs. hundred six and thousand a of space the by bridles, horse the unto even winepress, the of out came blood and city, the without trodden was winepress the And
God. of wrath the of winepress great the into it cast and earth, the of vine the gathered and earth, the into sickle his in thrust angel the And
ripe. fully are grapes her for earth; the of vine the of clusters the gather and sickle, sharp thy in Thrust saying, sickle, sharp the had that him to cry loud a with cried and fire; over power had which altar, the from out came angel another And
sickle. sharp a having also he heaven, in is which temple the of out came angel another And
reaped. was earth the and earth; the on sickle his in thrust cloud the on sat that he And
ripe. is earth the of harvest the for reap; to thee for come is time the for reap: and sickle, thy in Thrust cloud, the on sat that him to voice loud a with crying temple, the of out came angel another And
sickle. sharp a hand his in and crown, golden a head his on having man, of Son the unto like sat one cloud the upon and cloud, white a behold and looked, I And
them. follow do works their and labours; their from rest may they that Spirit, the saith Yea, henceforth: from Lord the in die which dead the are Blessed Write, me, unto saying heaven from voice a heard I And
Jesus. of faith the and God, of commandments the keep that they are here saints: the of patience the is Here
name. his of mark the receiveth whosoever and image, his and beast the worship who night, nor day rest no have they and ever: and ever for up ascendeth torment their of smoke the And
Lamb: the of presence the in and angels, holy the of presence the in brimstone and fire with tormented be shall he and indignation; his of cup the into mixture without out poured is which God, of wrath the of wine the of drink shall same The
hand, his in or forehead, his in mark his receive and image, his and beast the worship man any If voice, loud a with saying them, followed angel third the And
fornication. her of wrath the of wine the of drink nations all made she because city, great that fallen, is fallen, is Babylon saying, angel, another followed there And
waters. of fountains the and sea, the and earth, and heaven, made that him worship and come: is judgment his of hour the for him; to glory give and God, Fear voice, loud a with Saying
people, and tongue, and kindred, and nation, every to and earth, the on dwell that them unto preach to gospel everlasting the having heaven, of midst the in fly angel another saw I And
God. of throne the before fault without are they for guile: no found was mouth their in And
Lamb. the to and God unto firstfruits the being men, among from redeemed were These goeth. he whithersoever Lamb the follow which they are These virgins. are they for women; with defiled not were which they are These
earth. the from redeemed were which thousand, four and forty and hundred the but song that learn could man no and elders: the and beasts, four the before and throne, the before song new a were it as sung they And
harps: their with harping harpers of voice the heard I and thunder: great a of voice the as and waters, many of voice the as heaven, from voice a heard I And
foreheads. their in written name Father's his having thousand, four and forty hundred an him with and Sion, mount the on stood Lamb a lo, and, looked, I And
six. and threescore hundred Six is number his and man; a of number the is it for beast: the of number the count understanding hath that him Let wisdom. is Here
name. his of number the or beast, the of name the or mark, the had that he save sell, or buy might man no that And
foreheads: their in or hand, right their in mark a receive to bond, and free poor, and rich great, and small both all, causeth he And
killed. be should beast the of image the worship not would as many as that cause and speak, both should beast the of image the that beast, the of image the unto life give to power had he And
live. did and sword, a by wound the had which beast, the to image an make should they that earth, the on dwell that them to saying beast; the of sight the in do to power had he which miracles those of means the by earth the on dwell that them deceiveth And
men, of sight the in earth the on heaven from down come fire maketh he that so wonders, great doeth he And
healed. was wound deadly whose beast, first the worship to therein dwell which them and earth the causeth and him, before beast first the of power the all exerciseth he And
dragon. a as spake he and lamb, a like horns two had he and earth; the of out up coming beast another beheld I And
saints. the of faith the and patience the is Here sword. the with killed be must sword the with killeth that he captivity: into go shall captivity into leadeth that He
hear. him let ear, an have man any If
world. the of foundation the from slain Lamb the of life of book the in written not are names whose him, worship shall earth the upon dwell that all And
nations. and tongues, and kindreds, all over him given was power and them: overcome to and saints, the with war make to him unto given was it And
heaven. in dwell that them and tabernacle, his and name, his blaspheme to God, against blasphemy in mouth his opened he And
months. two and forty continue to him unto given was power and blasphemies; and things great speaking mouth a him unto given was there And
him? with war make to able is who beast? the unto like is Who saying, beast, the worshipped they and beast: the unto power gave which dragon the worshipped they And
beast. the after wondered world the all and healed: was wound deadly his and death; to wounded were it as heads his of one saw I And
authority. great and seat, his and power, his him gave dragon the and lion: a of mouth the as mouth his and bear, a of feet the as were feet his and leopard, a unto like was saw I which beast the And
blasphemy. of name the heads his upon and crowns, ten horns his upon and horns, ten and heads seven having sea, the of out up rise beast a saw and sea, the of sand the upon stood I And
Christ. Jesus of testimony the have and God, of commandments the keep which seed, her of remnant the with war make to went and woman, the with wroth was dragon the And
mouth. his of out cast dragon the which flood the up swallowed and mouth, her opened earth the and woman, the helped earth the And
flood. the of away carried be to her cause might he that woman, the after flood a as water mouth his of out cast serpent the And
serpent. the of face the from time, a half and times, and time, a for nourished is she where place, her into wilderness, the into fly might she that eagle, great a of wings two given were woman the to And
child. man the forth brought which woman the persecuted he earth, the unto cast was he that saw dragon the when And
time. short a but hath he that knoweth he because wrath, great having you, unto down come is devil the for sea! the of and earth the of inhabiters the to Woe them. in dwell that ye and heavens, ye rejoice, Therefore
death. the unto lives their not loved they and testimony; their of word the by and Lamb, the of blood the by him overcame they And
night. and day God our before them accused which down, cast is brethren our of accuser the for Christ: his of power the and God, our of kingdom the and strength, and salvation, come is Now heaven, in saying voice loud a heard I And
him. with out cast were angels his and earth, the into out cast was he world: whole the deceiveth which Satan, and Devil, the called serpent, old that out, cast was dragon great the And
heaven. in more any found place their was neither not; prevailed And
angels, his and fought dragon the and dragon; the against fought angels his and Michael heaven: in war was there And
days. threescore and hundred two thousand a there her feed should they that God, of prepared place a hath she where wilderness, the into fled woman the And
throne. his to and God, unto up caught was child her and iron: of rod a with nations all rule to was who child, man a forth brought she And
born. was it as soon as child her devour to for delivered, be to ready was which woman the before stood dragon the and earth: the to them cast did and heaven, of stars the of part third the drew tail his And
heads. his upon crowns seven and horns, ten and heads seven having dragon, red great a behold and heaven; in wonder another appeared there And
delivered. be to pained and birth, in travailing cried, child with being she And
stars: twelve of crown a head her upon and feet, her under moon the and sun, the with clothed woman a heaven; in wonder great a appeared there And
hail. great and earthquake, an and thunderings, and voices, and lightnings, were there and testament: his of ark the temple his in seen was there and heaven, in opened was God of temple the And
earth. the destroy which them destroy shouldest and great; and small name, thy fear that them and saints, the to and prophets, the servants thy unto reward give shouldest thou that and judged, be should they that dead, the of time the and come, is wrath thy and angry, were nations the And
reigned. hast and power, great thy thee to taken hast thou because come; to art and wast, and art, which Almighty, God Lord O thanks, thee give We Saying,
God, worshipped and faces, their upon fell seats, their on God before sat which elders, twenty and four the And
ever. and ever for reign shall he and Christ; his of and Lord, our of kingdoms the become are world this of kingdoms The saying, heaven, in voices great were there and sounded; angel seventh the And
quickly. cometh woe third the behold, and, past; is woe second The
heaven. of God the to glory gave and affrighted, were remnant the and thousand: seven men of slain were earthquake the in and fell, city the of part tenth the and earthquake, great a there was hour same the And
them. beheld enemies their and cloud; a in heaven to up ascended they And hither. up Come them, unto saying heaven from voice great a heard they And
them. saw which them upon fell fear great and feet; their upon stood they and them, into entered God from life of spirit the half an and days three after And
earth. the on dwelt that them tormented prophets two these because another; to one gifts send shall and merry, make and them, over rejoice shall earth the upon dwell that they And
graves. in put be to bodies dead their suffer not shall and half, an and days three bodies dead their see shall nations and tongues and kindreds and people the of they And
crucified. was Lord our also where Egypt, and Sodom called is spiritually which city, great the of street the in lie shall bodies dead their And
them. kill and them, overcome shall and them, against war make shall pit bottomless the of out ascendeth that beast the testimony, their finished have shall they when And
will. they as often as plagues, all with earth the smite to and blood, to them turn to waters over power have and prophecy: their of days the in not rain it that heaven, shut to power have These
killed. be manner this in must he them, hurt will man any if and enemies: their devoureth and mouth, their of out proceedeth fire them, hurt will man any if And
earth. the of God the before standing candlesticks two the and trees, olive two the are These
sackcloth. in clothed days, threescore and hundred two thousand a prophesy shall they and witnesses, two my unto power give will I And
months. two and forty foot under tread they shall city holy the and Gentiles: the unto given is it for not; it measure and out, leave temple the without is which court the But
therein. worship that them and altar, the and God, of temple the measure and Rise, saying, stood, angel the and rod: a unto like reed a me given was there And
kings. and tongues, and nations, and peoples, many before again prophesy must Thou me, unto said he And
bitter. was belly my it, eaten had I as soon as and honey: as sweet mouth my in was it and up; it ate and hand, angel's the of out book little the took I And
honey. as sweet mouth thy in be shall it but bitter, belly thy make shall it and up; it eat and it, Take me, unto said he And book. little the me Give him, unto said and angel, the unto went I And
earth. the upon and sea the upon standeth which angel the of hand the in open is which book little the take and Go said, and again, me unto spake heaven from heard I which voice the And
prophets. the servants his to declared hath he as finished, be should God of mystery the sound, to begin shall he when angel, seventh the of voice the of days the in But
longer: no time be should there that therein, are which things the and sea, the and are, therein that things the and earth, the and are, therein that things the and heaven, created who ever, and ever for liveth that him by sware And
heaven, to hand his up lifted earth the upon and sea the upon stand saw I which angel the And
not. them write and uttered, thunders seven the which things those up Seal me, unto saying heaven from voice a heard I and write: to about was I voices, their uttered had thunders seven the when And
voices. their uttered thunders seven cried, had he when and roareth: lion a when as voice, loud a with cried And
earth, the on foot left his and sea, the upon foot right his set he and open: book little a hand his in had he And
fire: of pillars as feet his and sun, the were it as was face his and head, his upon was rainbow a and cloud: a with clothed heaven, from down come angel mighty another saw I And
thefts. their of nor fornication, their of nor sorceries, their of nor murders, their of they repented Neither
walk: nor hear, nor see, can neither which wood: of and stone, and brass, and silver, and gold, of idols and devils, worship not should they that hands, their of works the of not repented yet plagues these by killed not were which men the of rest the And
hurt. do they them with and heads, had and serpents, unto like were tails their for tails: their in and mouth, their in is power their For
mouths. their of out issued which brimstone, the by and smoke, the by and fire, the by killed, men of part third the was three these By
brimstone. and smoke and fire issued mouths their of out and lions; of heads the as were horses the of heads the and brimstone: and jacinth, of and fire, of breastplates having them, on sat that them and vision, the in horses the saw I thus And
them. of number the heard I and thousand: thousand hundred two were horsemen the of army the of number the And
men. of part third the slay to for year, a and month, a and day, a and hour, an for prepared were which loosed, were angels four the And
Euphrates. river great the in bound are which angels four the Loose trumpet, the had which angel sixth the to Saying
God, before is which altar golden the of horns four the from voice a heard I and sounded, angel sixth the And
hereafter. more woes two come there behold, and, past; is woe One
Apollyon. name his hath tongue Greek the in but Abaddon, is tongue Hebrew the in name whose pit, bottomless the of angel the is which them, over king a had they And
months. five men hurt to was power their and tails: their in stings were there and scorpions, unto like tails had they And
battle. to running horses many of chariots of sound the as was wings their of sound the and iron; of breastplates were it as breastplates, had they And
lions. of teeth the as were teeth their and women, of hair the as hair had they And
men. of faces the as were faces their and gold, like crowns were it as were heads their on and battle; unto prepared horses unto like were locusts the of shapes the And
them. from flee shall death and die, to desire shall and it; find not shall and death, seek men shall days those in And
man. a striketh he when scorpion, a of torment the as was torment their and months: five tormented be should they that but them, kill not should they that given was it them to And
foreheads. their in God of seal the not have which men those only but tree; any neither thing, green any neither earth, the of grass the hurt not should they that them commanded was it And
power. have earth the of scorpions the as power, given was them unto and earth: the upon locusts smoke the of out came there And
pit. the of smoke the of reason by darkened were air the and sun the and furnace; great a of smoke the as pit, the of out smoke a arose there and pit; bottomless the opened he And
pit. bottomless the of key the given was him to and earth: the unto heaven from fall star a saw I and sounded, angel fifth the And
sound! to yet are which angels, three the of trumpet the of voices other the of reason by earth the of inhabiters the to woe, woe, Woe, voice, loud a with saying heaven, of midst the through flying angel an heard and beheld, I And
likewise. night the and it, of part third a for not shone day the and darkened, was them of part third the as so stars; the of part third the and moon, the of part third the and smitten, was sun the of part third the and sounded, angel fourth the And
bitter. made were they because waters, the of died men many and wormwood; became waters the of part third the and Wormwood: called is star the of name the And
waters; of fountains the upon and rivers, the of part third the upon fell it and lamp, a were it as burning heaven, from star great a fell there and sounded, angel third the And
destroyed. were ships the of part third the and died; life, had and sea, the in were which creatures the of part third the And
blood; became sea the of part third the and sea: the into cast was fire with burning mountain great a were it as and sounded, angel second the And
up. burnt was grass green all and up, burnt was trees of part third the and earth: the upon cast were they and blood, with mingled fire and hail followed there and sounded, angel first The
sound. to themselves prepared trumpets seven the had which angels seven the And
earthquake. an and lightnings, and thunderings, and voices, were there and earth: the into it cast and altar, the of fire with it filled and censer, the took angel the And
hand. angel's the of out God before up ascended saints, the of prayers the with came which incense, the of smoke the And
throne. the before was which altar golden the upon saints all of prayers the with it offer should he that incense, much him unto given was there and censer; golden a having altar, the at stood and came angel another And
trumpets. seven given were them to and God; before stood which angels seven the saw I And
hour. an half of space the about heaven in silence was there seal, seventh the opened had he when And
eyes. their from tears all away wipe shall God and waters: of fountains living unto them lead shall and them, feed shall throne the of midst the in is which Lamb the For
heat. any nor them, on light sun the shall neither more; any thirst neither more, no hunger shall They
them. among dwell shall throne the on sitteth that he and temple: his in night and day him serve and God, of throne the before they are Therefore
Lamb. the of blood the in white them made and robes, their washed have and tribulation, great of out came which they are These me, to said he And knowest. thou Sir, him, unto said I And
they? came whence and robes? white in arrayed are which these are What me, unto saying answered, elders the of one And
Amen. ever. and ever for God our unto be might, and power, and honour, and thanksgiving, and wisdom, and glory, and Blessing, Amen: Saying,
God, worshipped and faces, their on throne the before fell and beasts, four the and elders the about and throne, the about round stood angels the all And
Lamb. the unto and throne, the upon sitteth which God our to Salvation saying, voice, loud a with cried And
hands; their in palms and robes, white with clothed Lamb, the before and throne, the before stood tongues, and people, and kindreds, and nations, all of number, could man no which multitude, great a lo, and, beheld, I this After
thousand. twelve sealed were Benjamin of tribe the Of thousand. twelve sealed were Joseph of tribe the Of thousand. twelve sealed were Zabulon of tribe the Of
thousand. twelve sealed were Issachar of tribe the Of thousand. twelve sealed were Levi of tribe the Of thousand. twelve sealed were Simeon of tribe the Of
thousand. twelve sealed were Manasses of tribe the Of thousand. twelve sealed were Nephthalim of tribe the Of thousand. twelve sealed were Aser of tribe the Of
thousand. twelve sealed were Gad of tribe the Of thousand. twelve sealed were Reuben of tribe the Of thousand. twelve sealed were Juda of tribe the Of
Israel. of children the of tribes the all of thousand four and forty and hundred an sealed were there and sealed: were which them of number the heard I And
foreheads. their in God our of servants the sealed have we till trees, the nor sea, the neither earth, the not Hurt Saying,
sea, the and earth the hurt to given was it whom to angels, four the to voice loud a with cried he and God: living the of seal the having east, the from ascending angel another saw I And
tree. any on nor sea, the on nor earth, the on blow not should wind the that earth, the of winds four the holding earth, the of corners four the on standing angels four saw I things these after And
stand? to able be shall who and come; is wrath his of day great the For
Lamb: the of wrath the from and throne, the on sitteth that him of face the from us hide and us, on Fall rocks, and mountains the to said And
mountains; the of rocks the in and dens the in themselves hid man, free every and bondman, every and men, mighty the and captains, chief the and men, rich the and men, great the and earth, the of kings the And
places. their of out moved were island and mountain every and together; rolled is it when scroll a as departed heaven the And
wind. mighty a of shaken is she when figs, untimely her casteth tree fig a as even earth, the unto fell heaven of stars the And
blood; as became moon the and hair, of sackcloth as black became sun the and earthquake; great a was there lo, and, seal, sixth the opened had he when beheld I And
fulfilled. be should were, they as killed be should that brethren, their and also fellowservants their until season, little a for yet rest should they that them, unto said was it and them; of one every unto given were robes white And
earth? the on dwell that them on blood our avenge and judge not thou dost true, and holy Lord, O long, How saying, voice, loud a with cried they And
held: they which testimony the for and God, of word the for slain were that them of souls the altar the under saw I seal, fifth the opened had he when And
earth. the of beasts the with and death, with and hunger, with and sword, with kill to earth, the of part fourth the over them unto given was power And him. with followed Hell and Death, was him on sat that name his and horse: pale a behold and looked, I And
see. and Come say, beast fourth the of voice the heard I seal, fourth the opened had he when And
wine. the and oil the not hurt thou see and penny; a for barley of measures three and penny, a for wheat of measure A say, beasts four the of midst the in voice a heard I And
hand. his in balances of pair a had him on sat that he and horse; black a lo and beheld, I And see. and Come say, beast third the heard I seal, third the opened had he when And
sword. great a him unto given was there and another: one kill should they that and earth, the from peace take to thereon sat that him to given was power and red: was that horse another out went there And
see. and Come say, beast second the heard I seal, second the opened had he when And
conquer. to and conquering, forth went he and him: unto given was crown a and bow; a had him on sat that he and horse: white a behold and saw, I And
see. and Come saying, beasts four the of one thunder, of noise the were it as heard, I and seals, the of one opened Lamb the when saw I And
ever. and ever for liveth that him worshipped and down fell elders twenty and four the And Amen. said, beasts four the And
ever. and ever for Lamb the unto and throne, the upon sitteth that him unto be power, and glory, and honour, and Blessing, saying, I heard them, in are that all and sea, the in are as such and earth, the under and earth, the on and heaven, in is which creature every And
blessing. and glory, and honour, and strength, and wisdom, and riches, and power, receive to slain was that Lamb the is Worthy voice, loud a with Saying
thousands; of thousands and thousand, ten times thousand ten was them of number the and elders: the and beasts the and throne the about round angels many of voice the heard I and beheld, I And
earth. the on reign shall we and priests: and kings God our unto us made hast And
nation; and people, and tongue, and kindred, every of out blood thy by God to us redeemed hast and slain, wast thou for thereof: seals the open to and book, the take to worthy art Thou saying, song, new a sung they And
saints. of prayers the are which odours, of full vials golden and harps, them of one every having Lamb, the before down fell elders twenty and four and beasts four the book, the taken had he when And
throne. the upon sat that him of hand right the of out book the took and came he And
earth. the all into forth sent God of Spirits seven the are which eyes, seven and horns seven having slain, been had it as Lamb a stood elders, the of midst the in and beasts, four the of and throne the of midst the in lo, and, beheld, I And
thereof. seals seven the loose to and book, the open to prevailed hath David, of Root the Judah, of tribe the of Lion the behold, not: Weep me, unto saith elders the of one And
thereon. look to neither book, the read to and open to worthy found was man no because much, wept I And
thereon. look to neither book, the open to able was earth, the under neither earth, in nor heaven, in man no And
thereof? seals the loose to and book, the open to worthy is Who voice, loud a with proclaiming angel strong a saw I And
seals. seven with sealed backside, the on and within written book a throne the on sat that him of hand right the in saw I And
created. were and are they pleasure thy for and things, all created hast thou for power: and honour and glory receive to Lord, O worthy, art Thou
saying, throne, the before crowns their cast and ever, and ever for liveth that him worship and throne, the on sat that him before down fall elders twenty and four The
ever, and ever for liveth who throne, the on sat that him to thanks and honour and glory give beasts those when And
come. to is and is, and was, which Almighty, God Lord holy, holy, Holy, saying, night, and day not rest they and within: eyes of full were they and him; about wings six them of each had beasts four the And
eagle. flying a like was beast fourth the and man, a as face a had beast third the and calf, a like beast second the and lion, a like was beast first the And
behind. and before eyes of full beasts four were throne, the about round and throne, the of midst the in and crystal: unto like glass of sea a was there throne the before And
God. of Spirits seven the are which throne, the before burning fire of lamps seven were there and voices: and thunderings and lightnings proceeded throne the of out And
gold. of crowns heads their on had they and raiment; white in clothed sitting, elders twenty and four saw I seats the upon and seats: twenty and four were throne the about round And
emerald. an unto like sight in throne, the about round rainbow a was there and stone: sardine a and jasper a like upon look to was sat that he And
throne. the on sat one and heaven, in set was throne a behold, and, spirit: the in was I immediately And
hereafter. be must which things thee shew will I and hither, up Come said, which me; with talking trumpet a of were it as was heard I which voice first the and heaven: in opened was door a behold, and, looked, I this After
churches. the unto saith Spirit the what hear him let ear, an hath that He
throne. his in Father my with down set am and overcame, also I as even throne, my in me with sit to grant I will overcometh that him To
me. with he and him, with sup will and him, to in come will I door, the open and voice, my hear man any if knock: and door, the at stand I Behold,
repent. and therefore, zealous be chasten: and rebuke I love, I as many As
see. mayest thou that eyesalve, with eyes thine anoint and appear; not do nakedness thy of shame the that and clothed, be mayest thou that raiment, white and rich; be mayest thou that fire, the in tried gold me of buy to thee counsel I
naked: and blind, and poor, and miserable, and wretched, art thou that not knowest and nothing; of need have and goods, with increased and rich, am I sayest, thou Because
mouth. my of out thee spue will I hot, nor cold neither and lukewarm, art thou because then So
hot. or cold wert thou would I hot: nor cold neither art thou that works, thy know I
God; of creation the of beginning the witness, true and faithful the Amen, the saith things These write; Laodiceans the of church the of angel the unto And
churches. the unto saith Spirit the what hear him let ear, an hath that He
name. new my him upon write will I and God: my from heaven of out down cometh which Jerusalem, new is which God, my of city the of name the and God, my of name the him upon write will I and out: more no go shall he and God, my of temple the in pillar a make I will overcometh that Him
crown. thy take man no that hast, thou which fast that hold quickly: come I Behold,
earth. the upon dwell that them try to world, the all upon come shall which temptation, of hour the from thee keep will also I patience, my of word the kept hast thou Because
thee. loved have I that know to and feet, thy before worship and come to them make will I behold, lie; do but not, are and Jews, are they say which Satan, of synagogue the of them make will I Behold,
name. my denied not hast and word, my kept hast and strength, little a hast thou for it: shut can man no and door, open an thee before set have I behold, works: thy know I
openeth; man no and shutteth, and shutteth; man no and openeth, that he David, of key the hath that he true, is that he holy, is that he saith things These write; Philadelphia in church the of angel the to And
churches. the unto saith Spirit the what hear him let ear, an hath that He
angels. his before and Father, my before name his confess will I but life, of book the of out name his out blot not will I and raiment; white in clothed be shall same the overcometh, that He
worthy. are they for white: in me with walk shall they and garments; their defiled not have which Sardis in even names few a hast Thou
thee. upon come will I hour what know not shalt thou and thief, a as thee on come will I watch, not shalt thou therefore If repent. and fast, hold and heard, and received hast thou how therefore Remember
God. before perfect works thy found not have I for die: to ready are that remain, which things the strengthen and watchful, Be
dead. art and livest, thou that name a hast thou that works, thy know I stars; seven the and God, of Spirits seven the hath that he saith things These write; Sardis in church the of angel the unto And
churches. the unto saith Spirit the what hear him let ear, an hath that He
star. morning the him give will I And
Father. my of received I as even shivers: to broken be they shall potter a of vessels the as iron; of rod a with them rule shall he And
nations: the over power give I will him to end, the unto works my keepeth and overcometh, that he And
come. I till fast hold already have ye which that But
burden. other none you upon put will I speak; they as Satan, of depths the known not have which and doctrine, this not have as many as Thyatira, in rest the unto and say, I you unto But
works. your to according you of one every unto give will I and hearts: and reins the searcheth which he am I that know shall churches the all and death; with children her kill will I And
deeds. their of repent they except tribulation, great into her with adultery commit that them and bed, a into her cast will I Behold,
not. repented she and fornication; her of repent to space her gave I And
idols. unto sacrificed things eat to and fornication, commit to servants my seduce to and teach to prophetess, a herself calleth which Jezebel, woman that sufferest thou because thee, against things few a have I Notwithstanding
first. the than more be to last the and works; thy and patience, thy and faith, and service, and charity, and works, thy know I
brass; fine like are feet his and fire, of flame a unto like eyes his hath who God, of Son the saith things These write; Thyatira in church the of angel the unto And
it. receiveth that he saving knoweth man no which written, name new a stone the in and stone, white a him give will and manna, hidden the of eat to give I will overcometh that him To churches; the unto saith Spirit the what hear him let ear, an hath that He
mouth. my of sword the with them against fight will and quickly, thee unto come will I else or Repent;
hate. I thing which Nicolaitanes, the of doctrine the hold that them also thou hast So
fornication. commit to and idols, unto sacrificed things eat to Israel, of children the before stumblingblock a cast to Balac taught who Balaam, of doctrine the hold that them there hast thou because thee, against things few a have I But
dwelleth. Satan where you, among slain was who martyr, faithful my was Antipas wherein days those in even faith, my denied not hast and name, my fast holdest thou and is: seat Satan's where even dwellest, thou where and works, thy know I
edges; two with sword sharp the hath which he saith things These write; Pergamos in church the of angel the to And
death. second the of hurt be not shall overcometh that He churches; the unto saith Spirit the what hear him let ear, an hath that He
life. of crown a thee give will I and death, unto faithful thou be days: ten tribulation have shall ye and tried; be may ye that prison, into you of some cast shall devil the behold, suffer: shalt thou which things those of none Fear
Satan. of synagogue the are but not, are and Jews, are they say which them of blasphemy the know I and rich) art thou (but poverty, and tribulation, and works, thy know I
alive; is and dead, was which last, the and first the saith things These write; Smyrna in church the of angel the unto And
God. of paradise the of midst the in is which life, of tree the of eat to give I will overcometh that him To churches; the unto saith Spirit the what hear him let ear, an hath that He
hate. also I which Nicolaitanes, the of deeds the hatest thou that hast, thou this But
repent. thou except place, his of out candlestick thy remove will and quickly, thee unto come will I else or works; first the do and repent, and fallen, art thou whence from therefore Remember
love. first thy left hast thou because thee, against somewhat have I Nevertheless
fainted. not hast and laboured, hast sake name's my for and patience, hast and borne, hast And
liars: them found hast and not, are and apostles, are they say which them tried hast thou and evil: are which them bear not canst thou how and patience, thy and labour, thy and works, thy know I
candlesticks; golden seven the of midst the in walketh who hand, right his in stars seven the holdeth that he saith things These write; Ephesus of church the of angel the Unto
churches. seven the are sawest thou which candlesticks seven the and churches: seven the of angels the are stars seven The candlesticks. golden seven the and hand, right my in sawest thou which stars seven the of mystery The
hereafter; be shall which things the and are, which things the and seen, hast thou which things the Write
death. of and hell of keys the have and Amen; evermore, for alive am I behold, and, dead; was and liveth, that he am I
last: the and first the am I not; Fear me, unto saying me, upon hand right his laid he And dead. as feet his at fell I him, saw I when And
strength. his in shineth sun the as was countenance his and sword: twoedged sharp a went mouth his of out and stars: seven hand right his in had he And
waters. many of sound the as voice his and furnace; a in burned they if as brass, fine unto like feet his And
fire; of flame a as were eyes his and snow; as white as wool, like white were hairs his and head His
girdle. golden a with paps the about girt and foot, the to down garment a with clothed man, of Son the unto like one candlesticks seven the of midst the in And
candlesticks; golden seven saw I turned, being And me. with spake that voice the see to turned I And
Laodicea. unto and Philadelphia, unto and Sardis, unto and Thyatira, unto and Pergamos, unto and Smyrna, unto and Ephesus, unto Asia; in are which churches seven the unto it send and book, a in write seest, thou What and, last: the and first the Omega, and Alpha am I Saying,
trumpet, a of as voice, great a me behind heard and day, Lord's the on Spirit the in was I
Christ. Jesus of testimony the for and God, of word the for Patmos, called is that isle the in was Christ, Jesus of patience and kingdom the in and tribulation, in companion and brother, your am also who John, I
Almighty. the come, to is which and was, which and is, which Lord, the saith ending, the and beginning the Omega, and Alpha am I
Amen. so, Even him. of because wail shall earth the of kindreds all and him: pierced which also they and him, see shall eye every and clouds; with cometh he Behold,
Amen. ever. and ever for dominion and glory be him to Father; his and God unto priests and kings us made hath And
blood, own his in sins our from us washed and us, loved that him Unto earth. the of kings the of prince the and dead, the of begotten first the and witness, faithful the is who Christ, Jesus from And
throne; his before are which Spirits seven the from and come; to is which and was, which and is, which him from peace, and you, unto be Grace Asia: in are which churches seven the to John
hand. at is time the for therein: written are which things those keep and prophecy, this of words the hear that they and readeth, that he is Blessed
saw. he that things all of and Christ, Jesus of testimony the of and God, of word the of record bare Who
John: servant his unto angel his by it signified and sent he and pass; to come shortly must which things servants his unto shew to him, unto gave God which Christ, Jesus of Revelation The
Revelation
Amen. ever. and now both power, and dominion majesty, and glory be Saviour, our God wise only the To
joy, exceeding with glory his of presence the before faultless you present to and falling, from you keep to able is that him unto Now
flesh. the by spotted garment the even hating fire; the of out them pulling fear, with save others And
difference: a making compassion, have some of And
life. eternal unto Christ Jesus Lord our of mercy the for looking God, of love the in yourselves Keep
Ghost, Holy the in praying faith, holy most your on yourselves up building beloved, ye, But
Spirit. the not having sensual, themselves, separate who they be These
lusts. ungodly own their after walk should who time, last the in mockers be should there you told they that How
Christ; Jesus Lord our of apostles the of before spoken were which words the ye remember beloved, But,
advantage. of because admiration in persons men's having words, swelling great speaketh mouth their and lusts; own their after walking complainers, murmurers, are These
him. against spoken have sinners ungodly which speeches hard their all of and committed, ungodly have they which deeds ungodly their all of them among ungodly are that all convince to and all, upon judgment execute To
saints, his of thousands ten with cometh Lord the Behold, saying, these, of prophesied Adam, from seventh the also, Enoch And
ever. for darkness of blackness the reserved is whom to stars, wandering shame; own their out foaming sea, the of waves Raging
roots; the by up plucked dead, twice fruit, without withereth, fruit whose trees winds; of about carried water, without are they clouds fear: without themselves feeding you, with feast they when charity, of feasts your in spots are These
Core. of gainsaying the in perished and reward, for Balaam of error the after greedily ran and Cain, of way the in gone have they for them! unto Woe
themselves. corrupt they things those in beasts, brute as naturally, know they what but not: know they which things those of evil speak these But
thee. rebuke Lord The said, but accusation, railing a him against bring not durst Moses, of body the about disputed he devil the with contending when archangel, the Michael Yet
dignities. of evil speak and dominion, despise flesh, the defile dreamers filthy these also Likewise
fire. eternal of vengeance the suffering example, an for forth set are flesh, strange after going and fornication, to over themselves giving manner, like in them about cities the and Gomorrha, and Sodom as Even
day. great the of judgment the unto darkness under chains everlasting in reserved hath he habitation, own their left but estate, first their not kept which angels the And
not. believed that them destroyed afterward Egypt, of land the of out people the saved having Lord, the that how this, knew once ye though remembrance, in you put therefore will I
Christ. Jesus Lord our and God, Lord only the denying and lasciviousness, into God our of grace the turning men, ungodly condemnation, this to ordained old of before were who unawares, in crept men certain are there For
saints. the unto delivered once was which faith the for contend earnestly should ye that you exhort and you, unto write to me for needful was it salvation, common the of you unto write to diligence all gave I when Beloved,
multiplied. be love, and peace, and you, unto Mercy
called: and Christ, Jesus in preserved and Father, the God by sanctified are that them to James, of brother and Christ, Jesus of servant the Jude,
Jude
name. by friends the Greet thee. salute friends Our thee. to be Peace face. to face speak shall we and thee, see shortly shall I trust I But 3John.1:14
thee: unto write pen and ink with not will I but write, to things many had I 3John.1:13
true. is record our that know ye and record; bear also we and yea, itself: truth the of and men, all of report good hath Demetrius 3John.1:12
God. seen not hath evil doeth that he but God: of is good doeth that He good. is which that but evil, is which that not follow Beloved, 3John.1:11
church. the of out them casteth and would, that them forbiddeth and brethren, the receive himself he doth neither therewith, content not and words: malicious with us against prating doeth, he which deeds his remember will I come, I if Wherefore, 3John.1:10
not. us receiveth them, among preeminence the have to loveth who Diotrephes, but church: the unto wrote I 3John.1:9
truth. the to fellowhelpers be might we that such, receive to ought therefore We 3John.1:8
Gentiles. the of nothing taking forth, went they sake name's his for that Because 3John.1:7
well: do shalt thou sort, godly a after journey their on forward bring thou if whom church: the before charity thy of witness borne have Which 3John.1:6
strangers; to and brethren, the to doest thou whatsoever faithfully doest thou Beloved, 3John.1:5
truth. in walk children my that hear to than joy greater no have I 3John.1:4
truth. the in walkest thou as even thee, in is that truth the of testified and came brethren the when greatly, rejoiced I For 3John.1:3
prospereth. soul thy as even health, in be and prosper mayest thou that things all above wish I Beloved, 3John.1:2
truth. the in love I whom Gaius, wellbeloved the unto elder The 3John.1:1
John 3
Amen. thee. greet sister elect thy of children The 2John.1:13
full. be may joy our that face, to face speak and you, unto come to trust I but ink: and paper with write not would I you, unto write to things many Having 2John.1:12
deeds. evil his of partaker is speed God him biddeth that he For 2John.1:11
speed: God him bid neither house, your into not him receive doctrine, this not bring and you, unto any come there If 2John.1:10
Son. the and Father the both hath he Christ, of doctrine the in abideth that He God. not hath Christ, of doctrine the in not abideth and transgresseth, Whosoever 2John.1:9
reward. full a receive we that but wrought, have we which things those not lose we that yourselves, to Look 2John.1:8
antichrist. an and deceiver a is This flesh. the in come is Christ Jesus that not confess who world, the into entered are deceivers many For 2John.1:7
it. in walk should ye beginning, the from heard have ye as That, commandment, the is This commandments. his after walk we that love, is this And 2John.1:6
another. one love we that beginning, the from had we which that but thee, unto commandment new a wrote I though as not lady, thee, beseech I now And 2John.1:5
Father. the from commandment a received have we as truth, in walking children thy of found I that greatly rejoiced I 2John.1:4
love. and truth in Father, the of Son the Christ, Jesus Lord the from and Father, the God from peace, and mercy, you, with be Grace 2John.1:3
ever. for us with be shall and us, in dwelleth which sake, truth's the For 2John.1:2
truth; the known have that they all also but only, I not and truth; the in love I whom children, her and lady elect the unto elder The 2John.1:1
John 2
Amen. idols. from yourselves keep children, Little 1John.5:21
life. eternal and God, true the is This Christ. Jesus Son his in even true, is that him in are we and true, is that him know may we that understanding, an us given hath and come, is God of Son the that know we And 1John.5:20
wickedness. in lieth world whole the and God, of are we that know we And 1John.5:19
not. him toucheth one wicked that and himself, keepeth God of begotten is that he but not; sinneth God of born is whosoever that know We 1John.5:18
death. unto not sin a is there and sin: is unrighteousness All 1John.5:17
it. for pray shall he that say not do I death: unto sin a is There death. unto not sin that them for life him give shall he and ask, shall he death, unto not is which sin a sin brother his see man any If 1John.5:16
him. of desired we that petitions the have we that know we ask, we whatsoever us, hear he that know we if And 1John.5:15
us: heareth he will, his to according thing any ask we if that, him, in have we that confidence the is this And 1John.5:14
God. of Son the of name the on believe may ye that and life, eternal have ye that know may ye that God; of Son the of name the on believe that you unto written I have things These 1John.5:13
life. not hath God of Son the not hath that he and life; hath Son the hath that He 1John.5:12
Son. his in is life this and life, eternal us to given hath God that record, the is this And 1John.5:11
Son. his of gave God that record the not believeth he because liar; a him made hath God not believeth that he himself: in witness the hath God of Son the on believeth that He 1John.5:10
Son. his of testified hath he which God of witness the is this for greater: is God of witness the men, of witness the receive we If 1John.5:9
one. in agree three these and blood: the and water, the and Spirit, the earth, in witness bear that three are there And 1John.5:8
one. are three these and Ghost: Holy the and Word, the Father, the heaven, in record bear that three are there For 1John.5:7
truth. is Spirit the because witness, beareth that Spirit the is it And blood. and water by but only, water by not Christ; Jesus even blood, and water by came that he is This 1John.5:6
God? of Son the is Jesus that believeth that he but world, the overcometh that he is Who 1John.5:5
faith. our even world, the overcometh that victory the is this and world: the overcometh God of born is whatsoever For 1John.5:4
grievous. not are commandments his and commandments: his keep we that God, of love the is this For 1John.5:3
commandments. his keep and God, love we when God, of children the love we that know we this By 1John.5:2
him. of begotten is that also him loveth begat that him loveth that one every and God: of born is Christ the is Jesus that believeth Whosoever 1John.5:1
also. brother his love God loveth who he That him, from we have commandment this And 1John.4:21
seen? not hath he whom God love he can how seen, hath he whom brother his not loveth that he for liar: a is he brother, his hateth and God, love I say, man a If 1John.4:20
us. loved first he because him, love We 1John.4:19
love. in perfect made not is feareth that He torment. hath fear because fear: out casteth love perfect but love; in fear no is There 1John.4:18
world. this in we are so is, he as because judgment: of day the in boldness have may we that perfect, made love our is Herein 1John.4:17
him. in God and God, in dwelleth love in dwelleth that he and love; is God us. to hath God that love the believed and known have we And 1John.4:16
God. in he and him, in dwelleth God God, of Son the is Jesus that confess shall Whosoever 1John.4:15
world. the of Saviour the be to Son the sent Father the that testify do and seen have we And 1John.4:14
Spirit. his of us given hath he because us, in he and him, in dwell we that we know Hereby 1John.4:13
us. in perfected is love his and us, in dwelleth God another, one love we If time. any at God seen hath man No 1John.4:12
another. one love to also ought we us, loved so God if Beloved, 1John.4:11
sins. our for propitiation the be to Son his sent and us, loved he that but God, loved we that not love, is Herein 1John.4:10
him. through live might we that world, the into Son begotten only his sent God that because us, toward God of love the manifested was this In 1John.4:9
love. is God for God; not knoweth not loveth that He 1John.4:8
God. knoweth and God, of born is loveth that one every and God; of is love for another: one love us let Beloved, 1John.4:7
error. of spirit the and truth, of spirit the we know Hereby us. not heareth God of not is that he us; heareth God knoweth that he God: of are We 1John.4:6
them. heareth world the and world, the of they speak therefore world: the of are They 1John.4:5
world. the in is that he than you, in is that he is greater because them: overcome have and children, little God, of are Ye 1John.4:4
world. the in it is already now even and come; should it that heard have ye whereof antichrist, of spirit that is this and God: of not is flesh the in come is Christ Jesus that not confesseth that spirit every And 1John.4:3
God: of is flesh the in come is Christ Jesus that confesseth that spirit Every God: of Spirit the ye know Hereby 1John.4:2
world. the into out gone are prophets false many because God: of are they whether spirits the try but spirit, every not believe Beloved, 1John.4:1
us. given hath he which Spirit the by us, in abideth he that know we hereby And him. in he and him, in dwelleth commandments his keepeth that he And 1John.3:24
commandment. us gave he as another, one love and Christ, Jesus Son his of name the on believe should we That commandment, his is this And 1John.3:23
sight. his in pleasing are that things those do and commandments, his keep we because him, of receive we ask, we whatsoever And 1John.3:22
God. toward confidence we have then not, us condemn heart our if Beloved, 1John.3:21
things. all knoweth and heart, our than greater is God us, condemn heart our if For 1John.3:20
him. before hearts our assure shall and truth, the of are we that know we hereby And 1John.3:19
truth. in and deed in but tongue; in neither word, in love not us let children, little My 1John.3:18
him? in God of love the dwelleth how him, from compassion of bowels his up shutteth and need, have brother his seeth and good, world's this hath whoso But 1John.3:17
brethren. the for lives our down lay to ought we and us: for life his down laid he because God, of love the we perceive Hereby 1John.3:16
him. in abiding life eternal hath murderer no that know ye and murderer: a is brother his hateth Whosoever 1John.3:15
death. in abideth brother his not loveth that He brethren. the love we because life, unto death from passed have we that know We 1John.3:14
you. hate world the if brethren, my not, Marvel 1John.3:13
righteous. brother's his and evil, were works own his Because him? he slew wherefore And brother. his slew and one, wicked that of was who Cain, as Not 1John.3:12
another. one love should we that beginning, the from heard ye that message the is this For 1John.3:11
brother. his not loveth that he neither God, of not is righteousness not doeth whosoever devil: the of children the and manifest, are God of children the this In 1John.3:10
God. of born is he because sin, cannot he and him: in remaineth seed his for sin; commit not doth God of born is Whosoever 1John.3:9
devil. the of works the destroy might he that manifested, was God of Son the purpose this For beginning. the from sinneth devil the for devil; the of is sin committeth that He 1John.3:8
righteous. is he as even righteous, is righteousness doeth that he you: deceive man no let children, Little 1John.3:7
him. known neither him, seen not hath sinneth whosoever not: sinneth him in abideth Whosoever 1John.3:6
sin. no is him in and sins; our away take to manifested was he that know ye And 1John.3:5
law. the of transgression the is sin for law: the also transgresseth sin committeth Whosoever 1John.3:4
pure. is he as even himself, purifieth him in hope this hath that man every And 1John.3:3
is. he as him see shall we for him; like be shall we appear, shall he when that, know we but be: shall we what appear yet not doth it and God, of sons the we are now Beloved, 1John.3:2
not. him knew it because not, us knoweth world the therefore God: of sons the called be should we that us, upon bestowed hath Father the love of manner what Behold, 1John.3:1
him. of born is righteousness doeth that one every that know ye righteous, is he that know ye If 1John.2:29
coming. his at him before ashamed be not and confidence, have may we appear, shall he when that, him; in abide children, little now, And 1John.2:28
him. in abide shall ye you, taught hath it as even and lie, no is and truth, is and things, all of you teacheth anointing same the as but you: teach man any that not need ye and you, in abideth him of received have ye which anointing the But 1John.2:27
you. seduce that them concerning you unto written I have things These 1John.2:26
life. eternal even us, promised hath he that promise the is this And 1John.2:25
Father. the in and Son, the in continue shall also ye you, in remain shall beginning the from heard have ye which that If beginning. the from heard have ye which you, in abide therefore that Let 1John.2:24
also. Father the hath Son the acknowledgeth that he Father: the not hath same the Son, the denieth Whosoever 1John.2:23
Son. the and Father the denieth that antichrist, is He Christ? the is Jesus that denieth that he but liar a is Who 1John.2:22
truth. the of is lie no that and it, know ye because but truth, the not know ye because you unto written not have I 1John.2:21
things. all know ye and One, Holy the from unction an have ye But 1John.2:20
us. of all not were they that manifest made be might they that out, went they but us: with continued have doubt no would they us, of been had they if for us; of not were they but us, from out went They 1John.2:19
time. last the is it that know we whereby antichrists; many there are now even come, shall antichrist that heard have ye as and time: last the is it children, Little 1John.2:18
ever. for abideth God of will the doeth that he but thereof: lust the and away, passeth world the And 1John.2:17
world. the of is but Father, the of not is life, of pride the and eyes, the of lust the and flesh, the of lust the world, the in is that all For 1John.2:16
him. in not is Father the of love the world, the love man any If world. the in are that things the neither world, the not Love 1John.2:15
one. wicked the overcome have ye and you, in abideth God of word the and strong, are ye because men, young you, unto written have I beginning. the from is that him known have ye because fathers, you, unto written have I 1John.2:14
Father. the known have ye because children, little you, unto write I one. wicked the overcome have ye because men, young you, unto write I beginning. the from is that him known have ye because fathers, you, unto write I 1John.2:13
sake. name's his for you forgiven are sins your because children, little you, unto write I 1John.2:12
eyes. his blinded hath darkness that because goeth, he whither not knoweth and darkness, in walketh and darkness, in is brother his hateth that he But 1John.2:11
him. in stumbling of occasion none is there and light, the in abideth brother his loveth that He 1John.2:10
now. until even darkness in is brother, his hateth and light, the in is he saith that He 1John.2:9
shineth. now light true the and past, is darkness the because you: in and him in true is thing which you, unto write I commandment new a Again, 1John.2:8
beginning. the from heard have ye which word the is commandment old The beginning. the from had ye which commandment old an but you, unto commandment new no write I Brethren, 1John.2:7
walked. he as even walk, to so also himself ought him in abideth he saith that He 1John.2:6
him. in are we that we know hereby perfected: God of love the is verily him in word, his keepeth whoso But 1John.2:5
him. in not is truth the and liar, a is commandments, his not keepeth and him, know I saith, that He 1John.2:4
commandments. his keep we if him, know we that know do we hereby And 1John.2:3
world. whole the of sins the for also but only, ours for not and sins: our for propitiation the is he And 1John.2:2
righteous: the Christ Jesus Father, the with advocate an have we sin, man any if And not. sin ye that you, unto I write things these children, little My 1John.2:1
us. in not is word his and liar, a him make we sinned, not have we that say we If 1John.1:10
unrighteousness. all from us cleanse to and sins, our us forgive to just and faithful is he sins, our confess we If 1John.1:9
us. in not is truth the and ourselves, deceive we sin, no have we that say we If 1John.1:8
sin. all from us cleanseth Son his Christ Jesus of blood the and another, with one fellowship have we light, the in is he as light, the in walk we if But 1John.1:7
truth: the not do and lie, we darkness, in walk and him, with fellowship have we that say we If 1John.1:6
all. at darkness no is him in and light, is God that you, unto declare and him, of heard have we which message the is then This 1John.1:5
full. be may joy your that you, unto we write things these And 1John.1:4
Christ. Jesus Son his with and Father, the with is fellowship our truly and us: with fellowship have may also ye that you, unto we declare heard and seen have we which That 1John.1:3
us;) unto manifested was and Father, the with was which life, eternal that you unto shew and witness, bear and it, seen have we and manifested, was life the (For 1John.1:2
life; of Word the of handled, have hands our and upon, looked have we which eyes, our with seen have we which heard, have we which beginning, the from was which That 1John.1:1
John 1
Amen. ever. for and now both glory be him To Christ. Jesus Saviour and Lord our of knowledge the in and grace, in grow But 2Pet.3:18
stedfastness. own your from fall wicked, the of error the with away led being also, ye lest beware before, things these know ye seeing beloved, therefore, Ye 2Pet.3:17
destruction. own their unto scriptures, other the also do they as wrest, unstable and unlearned are that they which understood, be to hard things some are which in things; these of them in speaking epistles, his all in also As 2Pet.3:16
you; unto written hath him unto given wisdom the to according also Paul brother beloved our as even salvation; is Lord our of longsuffering the that account And 2Pet.3:15
blameless. and spot, without peace, in him of found be may ye that diligent be things, such for look ye that seeing beloved, Wherefore, 2Pet.3:14
righteousness. dwelleth wherein earth, new a and heavens new for look promise, his to according we, Nevertheless 2Pet.3:13
heat? fervent with melt shall elements the and dissolved, be shall fire on being heavens the wherein God, of day the of coming the unto hasting and for Looking 2Pet.3:12
godliness, and conversation holy all in be to ye ought persons of manner what dissolved, be shall things these all that then Seeing 2Pet.3:11
up. burned be shall therein are that works the and also earth the heat, fervent with melt shall elements the and noise, great a with away pass shall heavens the which the in night; the in thief a as come will Lord the of day the But 2Pet.3:10
repentance. to come should all that but perish, should any that willing not us-ward, to longsuffering is but slackness; count men some as promise, his concerning slack not is Lord The 2Pet.3:9
day. one as years thousand a and years, thousand a as Lord the with is day one that thing, one this of ignorant not be beloved, But, 2Pet.3:8
men. ungodly of perdition and judgment of day the against fire unto reserved store, in kept are word same the by now, are which earth, the and heavens the But 2Pet.3:7
perished: water, with overflowed being was, then that world the Whereby 2Pet.3:6
water: the in and water the of out standing earth the and old, of were heavens the God of word the by that of, ignorant are willingly they this For 2Pet.3:5
creation. the of beginning the from were they as continue things all asleep, fell fathers the since for coming? his of promise the is Where saying, And 2Pet.3:4
lusts, own their after walking scoffers, days last the in come shall there that first, this Knowing 2Pet.3:3
Saviour: and Lord the of apostles the us of commandment the of and prophets, holy the by before spoken were which words the of mindful be may ye That 2Pet.3:2
remembrance: of way by minds pure your up stir I which both in you; unto write now I beloved, epistle, second This 2Pet.3:1
mire. the in wallowing her to washed was that sow the and again; vomit own his to turned is dog The proverb, true the to according them unto happened is it But 2Pet.2:22
them. unto delivered commandment holy the from turn to it, known have they after than, righteousness, of way the known have to not them for better been had it For 2Pet.2:21
beginning. the than them with worse is end latter the overcome, and therein, entangled again are they Christ, Jesus Saviour and Lord the of knowledge the through world the of pollutions the escaped have they after if For 2Pet.2:20
bondage. in brought he is same the of overcome, is man a whom of for corruption: of servants the are themselves they liberty, them promise they While 2Pet.2:19
error. in live who them from escaped clean were that those wantonness, much through flesh, the of lusts the through allure they vanity, of words swelling great speak they when For 2Pet.2:18
ever. for reserved is darkness of mist the whom to tempest; a with carried are that clouds water, without wells are These 2Pet.2:17
prophet. the of madness the forbad voice man's with speaking ass dumb the iniquity: his for rebuked was But 2Pet.2:16
unrighteousness; of wages the loved who Bosor, of son the Balaam of way the following astray, gone are and way, right the forsaken have Which 2Pet.2:15
children: cursed practices; covetous with exercised have they heart an souls: unstable beguiling sin; from cease cannot that and adultery, of full eyes Having 2Pet.2:14
you; with feast they while deceivings own their with themselves sporting blemishes, and are they Spots time. day the in riot to pleasure it count that they as unrighteousness, of reward the receive shall And 2Pet.2:13
corruption; own their in perish utterly shall and not; understand they that things the of evil speak destroyed, and taken be to made beasts, brute natural as these, But 2Pet.2:12
Lord. the before them against accusation railing not bring might, and power in greater are which angels, Whereas 2Pet.2:11
dignities. of evil speak to afraid not are they selfwilled, they, are Presumptuous government. despise and uncleanness, of lust the in flesh the after walk that them chiefly But 2Pet.2:10
punished: be to judgment of day the unto unjust the reserve to and temptations, of out godly the deliver to how knoweth Lord The 2Pet.2:9
deeds;) unlawful their with day to day from soul righteous his vexed hearing, and seeing in them, among dwelling man righteous that (For 2Pet.2:8
wicked: the of conversation filthy the with vexed Lot, just delivered And 2Pet.2:7
ungodly; live should after that those unto ensample an them making overthrow, an with them condemned ashes into Gomorrha and Sodom of cities the turning And 2Pet.2:6
ungodly; the of world the upon flood the in bringing righteousness, of preacher a person, eighth the Noah saved but world, old the not spared And 2Pet.2:5
judgment; unto reserved be to darkness, of chains into them delivered and hell, to down them cast but sinned, that angels the not spared God if For 2Pet.2:4
not. slumbereth damnation their and not, lingereth time long a of now judgment whose you: of merchandise make words feigned with they shall covetousness through And 2Pet.2:3
of. spoken evil be shall truth of way the whom of reason by ways; pernicious their follow shall many And 2Pet.2:2
destruction. swift themselves upon bring and them, bought that Lord the denying even heresies, damnable in bring shall privily who you, among teachers false be shall there as even people, the among also prophets false were there But 2Pet.2:1
Ghost. Holy the by moved were they as spake God of men holy but man: of will the by time old in not came prophecy the For 2Pet.1:21
interpretation. private any of is scripture the of prophecy no that first, this Knowing 2Pet.1:20
hearts: your in arise star day the and dawn, day the until place, dark a in shineth that light a unto as heed, take ye that well do ye whereunto prophecy; of word sure more a also have We 2Pet.1:19
mount. holy the in him with were we when heard, we heaven from came which voice this And 2Pet.1:18
pleased. well am I whom in Son, beloved my is This glory, excellent the from him to voice a such came there when glory, and honour Father the God from received he For 2Pet.1:17
majesty. his of eyewitnesses were but Christ, Jesus Lord our of coming and power the you unto known made we when fables, devised cunningly followed not have we For 2Pet.1:16
remembrance. in always things these have to decease my after able be may ye that endeavour will I Moreover 2Pet.1:15
me. shewed hath Christ Jesus Lord our as even tabernacle, my this off put must I shortly that Knowing 2Pet.1:14
remembrance; in you putting by up you stir to tabernacle, this in am I as long as meet, it think I Yea, 2Pet.1:13
truth. present the in established be and them, know ye though things, these of remembrance in always you put to negligent be not will I Wherefore 2Pet.1:12
Christ. Jesus Saviour and Lord our of kingdom everlasting the into abundantly you unto ministered be shall entrance an so For 2Pet.1:11
fall: never shall ye things, these do ye if for sure: election and calling your make to diligence give brethren, rather, the Wherefore 2Pet.1:10
sins. old his from purged was he that forgotten hath and off, afar see cannot and blind, is things these lacketh that he But 2Pet.1:9
Christ. Jesus Lord our of knowledge the in unfruitful nor barren be neither shall ye that you make they abound, and you, in be things these if For 2Pet.1:8
charity. kindness brotherly to and kindness; brotherly godliness to And 2Pet.1:7
godliness; patience to and patience; temperance to and temperance; knowledge to And 2Pet.1:6
knowledge; virtue to and virtue; faith your to add diligence, all giving this, beside And 2Pet.1:5
lust. through world the in is that corruption the escaped having nature, divine the of partakers be might ye these by that promises: precious and great exceeding us unto given are Whereby 2Pet.1:4
virtue: and glory to us called hath that him of knowledge the through godliness, and life unto pertain that things all us unto given hath power divine his as According 2Pet.1:3
Lord, our Jesus of and God, of knowledge the through you unto multiplied be peace and Grace 2Pet.1:2
Christ: Jesus Saviour our and God of righteousness the through us with faith precious like obtained have that them to Christ, Jesus of apostle an and servant a Peter, Simon 2Pet.1:1
Peter 2
Amen. Jesus. Christ in are that all you with be Peace charity. of kiss a with another one ye Greet 1Pet.5:14
son. my Marcus doth so and you; saluteth you, with together elected Babylon, at is that church The 1Pet.5:13
stand. ye wherein God of grace true the is this that testifying and exhorting, briefly, written have I suppose, I as you, unto brother faithful a Silvanus, By 1Pet.5:12
Amen. ever. and ever for dominion and glory be him To 1Pet.5:11
you. settle strengthen, stablish, perfect, you make while, a suffered have ye that after Jesus, Christ by glory eternal his unto us called hath who grace, all of God the But 1Pet.5:10
world. the in are that brethren your in accomplished are afflictions same the that knowing faith, the in stedfast resist Whom 1Pet.5:9
devour: may he whom seeking about, walketh lion, roaring a as devil, the adversary your because vigilant; be sober, Be 1Pet.5:8
you. for careth he for him; upon care your all Casting 1Pet.5:7
time: due in you exalt may he that God, of hand mighty the under therefore yourselves Humble 1Pet.5:6
humble. the to grace giveth and proud, the resisteth God for humility: with clothed be and another, to one subject be you of all Yea, elder. the unto yourselves submit younger, ye Likewise, 1Pet.5:5
away. not fadeth that glory of crown a receive shall ye appear, shall Shepherd chief the when And 1Pet.5:4
flock. the to examples being but heritage, God's over lords being as Neither 1Pet.5:3
mind; ready a of but lucre, filthy for not willingly; but constraint, by not thereof, oversight the taking you, among is which God of flock the Feed 1Pet.5:2
revealed: be shall that glory the of partaker a also and Christ, of sufferings the of witness a and elder, an also am who exhort, I you among are which elders The 1Pet.5:1
Creator. faithful a unto as doing, well in him to souls their of keeping the commit God of will the to according suffer that them let Wherefore 1Pet.4:19
appear? sinner the and ungodly the shall where saved, be scarcely righteous the if And 1Pet.4:18
God? of gospel the not obey that them of be end the shall what us, at begin first it if and God: of house the at begin must judgment that come is time the For 1Pet.4:17
behalf. this on God glorify him let but ashamed; be not him let Christian, a as suffer man any if Yet 1Pet.4:16
matters. men's other in busybody a as or evildoer, an as or thief, a as or murderer, a as suffer you of none let But 1Pet.4:15
glorified. is he part your on but of, spoken evil is he part their on you: upon resteth God of and glory of spirit the for ye; are happy Christ, of name the for reproached be ye If 1Pet.4:14
joy. exceeding with also glad be may ye revealed, be shall glory his when that, sufferings; Christ's of partakers are ye as inasmuch rejoice, But 1Pet.4:13
you: unto happened thing strange some though as you, try to is which trial fiery the concerning strange not it think Beloved, 1Pet.4:12
Amen. ever. and ever for dominion and praise be whom to Christ, Jesus through glorified be may things all in God that giveth: God which ability the of as it do him let minister, man any if God; of oracles the as speak him let speak, man any If 1Pet.4:11
God. of grace manifold the of stewards good as another, to one same the minister so even gift, the received hath man every As 1Pet.4:10
grudging. without another to one hospitality Use 1Pet.4:9
sins. of multitude the cover shall charity for yourselves: among charity fervent have things all above And 1Pet.4:8
prayer. unto watch and sober, therefore ye be hand: at is things all of end the But 1Pet.4:7
spirit. the in God to according live but flesh, the in men to according judged be might they that dead, are that them to also preached gospel the was cause this for For 1Pet.4:6
dead. the and quick the judge to ready is that him to account give shall Who 1Pet.4:5
you: of evil speaking riot, of excess same the to them with not run ye that strange it think they Wherein 1Pet.4:4
idolatries: abominable and banquetings, revellings, wine, of excess lusts, lasciviousness, in walked we when Gentiles, the of will the wrought have to us suffice may life our of past time the For 1Pet.4:3
God. of will the to but men, of lusts the to flesh the in time his of rest the live should longer no he That 1Pet.4:2
sin; from ceased hath flesh the in suffered hath that he for mind: same the with likewise yourselves arm flesh, the in us for suffered hath Christ as then Forasmuch 1Pet.4:1
him. unto subject made being powers and authorities and angels God; of hand right the on is and heaven, into gone is Who 1Pet.3:22
Christ: Jesus of resurrection the by God,) toward conscience good a of answer the but flesh, the of filth the of away putting the (not us save now also doth baptism even whereunto figure like The 1Pet.3:21
water. by saved were souls eight is, that few, wherein preparing, a was ark the while Noah, of days the in waited God of longsuffering the once when disobedient, were sometime Which 1Pet.3:20
prison; in spirits the unto preached and went he also which By 1Pet.3:19
Spirit: the by quickened but flesh, the in death to put being God, to us bring might he that unjust, the for just the sins, for suffered once hath also Christ For 1Pet.3:18
doing. evil for than doing, well for suffer ye that so, be God of will the if better, is it For 1Pet.3:17
Christ. in conversation good your accuse falsely that ashamed be may they evildoers, of as you, of evil speak they whereas that, conscience; good a Having 1Pet.3:16
fear: and meekness with you in is that hope the of reason a you asketh that man every to answer an give to always ready be and hearts: your in God Lord the sanctify But 1Pet.3:15
troubled; be neither terror, their of afraid not be and ye: are happy sake, righteousness' for suffer ye if and But 1Pet.3:14
good? is which that of followers be ye if you, harm will that he is who And 1Pet.3:13
evil. do that them against is Lord the of face the but prayers: their unto open are ears his and righteous, the over are Lord the of eyes the For 1Pet.3:12
it. ensue and peace, seek him let good; do and evil, eschew him Let 1Pet.3:11
guile: no speak they that lips his and evil, from tongue his refrain him let days, good see and life, love will that he For 1Pet.3:10
blessing. a inherit should ye that called, thereunto are ye that knowing blessing; contrariwise but railing: for railing or evil, for evil rendering Not 1Pet.3:9
courteous: be pitiful, be brethren, as love another, of one compassion having mind, one of all ye be Finally, 1Pet.3:8
hindered. not be prayers your that life; of grace the of together heirs being as and vessel, weaker the unto as wife, the unto honour giving knowledge, to according them with dwell husbands, ye Likewise, 1Pet.3:7
amazement. any with afraid not are and well, do ye as long as are, ye daughters whose lord: him calling Abraham, obeyed Sara as Even 1Pet.3:6
husbands: own their unto subjection in being themselves, adorned God, in trusted who also, women holy the time old the in manner this after For 1Pet.3:5
price. great of God of sight the in is which spirit, quiet and meek a of ornament the even corruptible, not is which that in heart, the of man hidden the be it let But 1Pet.3:4
apparel; of on putting of or gold, of wearing of and hair, the plaiting of adorning outward that be not it let adorning Whose 1Pet.3:3
fear. with coupled conversation chaste your behold they While 1Pet.3:2
wives; the of conversation the by won be word the without may also they word, the not obey any if that, husbands; own your to subjection in be wives, ye Likewise, 1Pet.3:1
souls. your of Bishop and Shepherd the unto returned now are but astray; going sheep as were ye For 1Pet.2:25
healed. were ye stripes whose by righteousness: unto live should sins, to dead being we, that tree, the on body own his in sins our bare self own his Who 1Pet.2:24
righteously: judgeth that him to himself committed but not; threatened he suffered, he when again; not reviled reviled, was he when Who, 1Pet.2:23
mouth: his in found guile was neither sin, no did Who 1Pet.2:22
steps: his follow should ye that example, an us leaving us, for suffered also Christ because called: ye were hereunto even For 1Pet.2:21
God. with acceptable is this patiently, it take ye it, for suffer and well, do ye when if, but patiently? it take shall ye faults, your for buffeted be ye when if, it, is glory what For 1Pet.2:20
wrongfully. suffering grief, endure God toward conscience for man a if thankworthy, is this For 1Pet.2:19
froward. the to also but gentle, and good the to only not fear; all with masters your to subject be Servants, 1Pet.2:18
king. the Honour God. Fear brotherhood. the Love men. all Honour 1Pet.2:17
God. of servants the as but maliciousness, of cloke a for liberty your using not and free, As 1Pet.2:16
men: foolish of ignorance the silence to put may ye doing well with that God, of will the is so For 1Pet.2:15
well. do that them of praise the for and evildoers, of punishment the for him by sent are that them unto as governors, unto Or 1Pet.2:14
supreme; as king, the to be it whether sake: Lord's the for man of ordinance every to yourselves Submit 1Pet.2:13
visitation. of day the in God glorify behold, shall they which works, good your by may they evildoers, as you against speak they whereas that, Gentiles: the among honest conversation your Having 1Pet.2:12
soul; the against war which lusts, fleshly from abstain pilgrims, and strangers as you beseech I beloved, Dearly 1Pet.2:11
mercy. obtained have now but mercy, obtained not had which God: of people the now are but people, a not were past time in Which 1Pet.2:10
light; marvellous his into darkness of out you called hath who him of praises the forth shew should ye that people; peculiar a nation, holy an priesthood, royal a generation, chosen a are ye But 1Pet.2:9
appointed. were they also whereunto disobedient: being word, the at stumble which them to even offence, of rock a and stumbling, of stone a And 1Pet.2:8
corner, the of head the made is same the disallowed, builders the which stone the disobedient, be which them unto but precious: is he believe which therefore you Unto 1Pet.2:7
confounded. be not shall him on believeth that he and precious: elect, stone, corner chief a Sion in lay I Behold, scripture, the in contained is it also Wherefore 1Pet.2:6
Christ. Jesus by God to acceptable sacrifices, spiritual up offer to priesthood, holy an house, spiritual a up built are stones, lively as also, Ye 1Pet.2:5
precious, and God, of chosen but men, of indeed disallowed stone, living a unto as coming, whom To 1Pet.2:4
gracious. is Lord the that tasted have ye be so If 1Pet.2:3
thereby: grow may ye that word, the of milk sincere the desire babes, newborn As 1Pet.2:2
speakings, evil all and envies, and hypocrisies, and guile, all and malice, all aside laying Wherefore 1Pet.2:1
you. unto preached is gospel the by which word the is this And ever. for endureth Lord the of word the But 1Pet.1:25
away: falleth thereof flower the and withereth, grass The grass. of flower the as man of glory the all and grass, as is flesh all For 1Pet.1:24
ever. for abideth and liveth which God, of word the by incorruptible, of but seed, corruptible of not again, born Being 1Pet.1:23
fervently: heart pure a with another one love ye that see brethren, the of love unfeigned unto Spirit the through truth the obeying in souls your purified have ye Seeing 1Pet.1:22
God. in be might hope and faith your that glory; him gave and dead, the from up him raised that God, in believe do him by Who 1Pet.1:21
you, for times last these in manifest was but world, the of foundation the before foreordained was verily Who 1Pet.1:20
spot: without and blemish without lamb a of as Christ, of blood precious the with But 1Pet.1:19
fathers; your from tradition by received conversation vain your from gold, and silver as things, corruptible with redeemed not were ye that know ye as Forasmuch 1Pet.1:18
fear: in here sojourning your of time the pass work, man's every to according judgeth persons of respect without who Father, the on call ye if And 1Pet.1:17
holy. am I for holy; ye Be written, is it Because 1Pet.1:16
conversation; of manner all in holy ye be so holy, is you called hath which he as But 1Pet.1:15
ignorance: your in lusts former the to according yourselves fashioning not children, obedient As 1Pet.1:14
Christ; Jesus of revelation the at you unto brought be to is that grace the for end the to hope and sober, be mind, your of loins the up gird Wherefore 1Pet.1:13
into. look to desire angels the things which heaven; from down sent Ghost Holy the with you unto gospel the preached have that them by you unto reported now are which things, the minister did they us unto but themselves, unto not that revealed, was it whom Unto 1Pet.1:12
follow. should that glory the and Christ, of sufferings the beforehand testified it when signify, did them in was which Christ of Spirit the time of manner what or what, Searching 1Pet.1:11
you: unto come should that grace the of prophesied who diligently, searched and enquired have prophets the salvation which Of 1Pet.1:10
souls. your of salvation the even faith, your of end the Receiving 1Pet.1:9
glory: of full and unspeakable joy with rejoice ye believing, yet not, him see ye now though whom, in love; ye seen, not having Whom 1Pet.1:8
Christ: Jesus of appearing the at glory and honour and praise unto found be might fire, with tried be it though perisheth, that gold of than precious more much being faith, your of trial the That 1Pet.1:7
temptations: manifold through heaviness in are ye be, need if season, a for now though rejoice, greatly ye Wherein 1Pet.1:6
time. last the in revealed be to ready salvation unto faith through God of power the by kept are Who 1Pet.1:5
you, for heaven in reserved away, not fadeth that and undefiled, and incorruptible, inheritance an To 1Pet.1:4
dead, the from Christ Jesus of resurrection the by hope lively a unto again us begotten hath mercy abundant his to according which Christ, Jesus Lord our of Father and God the be Blessed 1Pet.1:3
multiplied. be peace, and you, unto Grace Christ: Jesus of blood the of sprinkling and obedience unto Spirit, the of sanctification through Father, the God of foreknowledge the to according Elect 1Pet.1:2
Bithynia, and Asia, Cappadocia, Galatia, Pontus, throughout scattered strangers the to Christ, Jesus of apostle an Peter, 1Pet.1:1
Peter 1
sins. of multitude a hide shall and death, from soul a save shall way his of error the from sinner the converteth which he that know, him Let
him; convert one and truth, the from err do you of any if Brethren,
fruit. her forth brought earth the and rain, gave heaven the and again, prayed he And
months. six and years three of space the by earth the on not rained it and rain: not might it that earnestly prayed he and are, we as passions like to subject man a was Elias
much. availeth man righteous a of prayer fervent effectual The healed. be may ye that another, for one pray and another, to one faults your Confess
him. forgiven be shall they sins, committed have he if and up; him raise shall Lord the and sick, the save shall faith of prayer the And
Lord: the of name the in oil with him anointing him, over pray them let and church; the of elders the for call him let you? among sick any Is
psalms. sing him let merry? any Is pray. him let afflicted? you among any Is
condemnation. into fall ye lest nay; nay, your and yea; be yea your let but oath: other any by neither earth, the by neither heaven, by neither not, swear brethren, my things, all above But
mercy. tender of and pitiful, very is Lord the that Lord; the of end the seen have and Job, of patience the of heard have Ye endure. which happy them count we Behold,
patience. of and affliction, suffering of example an for Lord, the of name the in spoken have who prophets, the brethren, my Take,
door. the before standeth judge the behold, condemned: be ye lest brethren, another, against one not Grudge
nigh. draweth Lord the of coming the for hearts: your stablish patient; also ye Be
rain. latter and early the receive he until it, for patience long hath and earth, the of fruit precious the for waiteth husbandman the Behold, Lord. the of coming the unto brethren, therefore, patient Be
you. resist not doth he and just; the killed and condemned have Ye
slaughter. of day a in as hearts, your nourished have ye wanton; been and earth, the on pleasure in lived have Ye
sabaoth. of Lord the of ears the into entered are reaped have which them of cries the and crieth: fraud, by back kept you of is which fields, your down reaped have who labourers the of hire the Behold,
days. last the for together treasure heaped have Ye fire. were it as flesh your eat shall and you, against witness a be shall them of rust the and cankered; is silver and gold Your
motheaten. are garments your and corrupted, are riches Your
you. upon come shall that miseries your for howl and weep men, rich ye now, to Go
sin. is it him to not, it doeth and good, do to knoweth that him to Therefore
evil. is rejoicing such all boastings: your in rejoice ye now But
that. or this, do and live, shall we will, Lord the If say, to ought ye that For
away. vanisheth then and time, little a for appeareth that vapour, a even is It life? your is what For morrow. the on be shall what not know ye Whereas
gain: get and sell, and buy and year, a there continue and city, a such into go will we morrow to or day To say, that ye now, to Go
another? judgest that thou art who destroy: to and save to able is who lawgiver, one is There
judge. a but law, the of doer a not art thou law, the judge thou if but law: the judgeth and law, the of evil speaketh brother, his judgeth and brother, his of evil speaketh that He brethren. another, of one evil not Speak
up. you lift shall he and Lord, the of sight the in yourselves Humble
heaviness. to joy your and mourning, to turned be laughter your let weep: and mourn, and afflicted, Be
minded. double ye hearts, your purify and sinners; ye hands, your Cleanse you. to nigh draw will he and God, to nigh Draw
you. from flee will he and devil, the Resist God. to therefore yourselves Submit
humble. the unto grace giveth but proud, the resisteth God saith, he Wherefore grace. more giveth he But
envy? to lusteth us in dwelleth that spirit The vain, in saith scripture the that think ye Do
God. of enemy the is world the of friend a be will therefore whosoever God? with enmity is world the of friendship the that not ye know adulteresses, and adulterers Ye
lusts. your upon it consume may ye that amiss, ask ye because not, receive and ask, Ye
not. ask ye because not, have ye yet war, and fight ye obtain: cannot and have, to desire and kill, ye not: have and lust, Ye
members? your in war that lusts your of even hence, not they come you? among fightings and wars come whence From
peace. make that them of peace in sown is righteousness of fruit the And
hypocrisy. without and partiality, without fruits, good and mercy of full intreated, be to easy and gentle, peaceable, then pure, first is above from is that wisdom the But
work. evil every and confusion is there is, strife and envying where For
devilish. sensual, earthly, is but above, from not descendeth wisdom This
truth. the against not lie and not, glory hearts, your in strife and envying bitter have ye if But
wisdom. of meekness with works his conversation good a of out shew him let you? among knowledge with endued and man wise a is Who
fresh. and water salt yield both fountain no can so figs? vine, a either berries? olive bear brethren, my tree, fig the Can
bitter? and water sweet place same the at forth send fountain a Doth
be. to so not ought things these brethren, My cursing. and blessing proceedeth mouth same the of Out
God. of similitude the after made are which men, we curse therewith and Father; the even God, we bless Therewith
poison. deadly of full evil, unruly an is it tame; man no can tongue the But
mankind: of tamed been hath and tamed, is sea, the in things of and serpents, of and birds, of and beasts, of kind every For
hell. of fire on set is it and nature; of course the fire on setteth and body, whole the defileth it that members, our among tongue the is so iniquity: of world a fire, a is tongue the And
kindleth! fire little a matter a great how Behold, things. great boasteth and member, little a is tongue the so Even
listeth. governor the whithersoever helm, small very a with about turned they are yet winds, fierce of driven are and great, so be they though which ships, the also Behold
body. whole their about turn we and us; obey may they that mouths, horses' the in bits put we Behold,
body. whole the bridle to also able and man, perfect a is same the word, in not offend man any If all. offend we things many in For
condemnation. greater the receive shall we that knowing masters, many not be brethren, My
also. dead is works without faith so dead, is spirit the without body the as For
way? another out them sent had and messengers, the received had she when works, by justified harlot the Rahab not was also Likewise
only. faith by not and justified, is man a works by that how then see Ye
God. of Friend the called was he and righteousness: for him unto imputed was it and God, believed Abraham saith, which fulfilled was scripture the And
perfect? made faith was works by and works, his with wrought faith how thou Seest
altar? the upon son his Isaac offered had he when works, by justified father our Abraham not Was
dead? is works without faith that man, vain O know, thou wilt But
tremble. and believe, also devils the well: doest thou God; one is there that believest Thou
works. my by faith my thee shew will I and works, thy without faith thy me shew works: have I and faith, hast Thou say, may man a Yea,
alone. being dead, is works, not hath it if faith, so Even
profit? it doth what body; the to needful are which things those not them give ye notwithstanding filled; and warmed ye be peace, in Depart them, unto say you of one And
food, daily of destitute and naked, be sister or brother a If
him? save faith can works? not have and faith, hath he say man a though brethren, my profit, it doth What
judgment. against rejoiceth mercy and mercy; no shewed hath that mercy, without judgment have shall he For
liberty. of law the by judged be shall that they as do, so and ye, speak So
law. the of transgressor a become art thou kill, thou if yet adultery, no commit thou if Now kill. not Do also, said adultery, commit not Do said, that he For
all. of guilty is he point, one in offend yet and law, whole the keep shall whosoever For
transgressors. as law the of convinced are and sin, commit ye persons, to respect have ye if But
well: do ye thyself, as neighbour thy love shalt Thou scripture, the to according law royal the fulfil ye If
called? are ye which the by name worthy that blaspheme they not Do
seats? judgment the before you draw and you, oppress men rich not Do poor. the despised have ye But
him? love that them to promised hath he which kingdom the of heirs and faith, in rich world this of poor the chosen God not Hath brethren, beloved my Hearken,
thoughts? evil of judges become are and yourselves, in partial then not ye Are
footstool: my under here sit or there, thou Stand poor, the to say and place; good a in here thou Sit him, unto say and clothing, gay the weareth that him to respect have ye And
raiment; vile in man poor a also in come there and apparel, goodly in ring, gold a with man a assembly your unto come there if For
persons. of respect with glory, of Lord the Christ, Jesus Lord our of faith the not have brethren, My
world. the from unspotted himself keep to and affliction, their in widows and fatherless the visit To this, is Father the and God before undefiled and religion Pure
vain. is religion man's this heart, own his deceiveth but tongue, his not bridleth and religious, be to seem you among man any If
deed. his in blessed be shall man this work, the of doer a but hearer, forgetful a not being he therein, continueth and liberty, of law perfect the into looketh whoso But
was. he man of manner what forgetteth straightway and way, his goeth and himself, beholdeth he For
glass: a in face natural his beholding man a unto like is he doer, a not and word, the of hearer a be any if For
selves. own your deceiving only, hearers not and word, the of doers ye be But
souls. your save to able is which word, engrafted the meekness with receive and naughtiness, of superfluity and filthiness all apart lay Wherefore
God. of righteousness the not worketh man of wrath the For
wrath: to slow speak, to slow hear, to swift be man every let brethren, beloved my Wherefore,
creatures. his of firstfruits of kind a be should we that truth, of word the with us he begat will own his Of
turning. of shadow neither variableness, no is whom with lights, of Father the from down cometh and above, from is gift perfect every and gift good Every
brethren. beloved my err, not Do
death. forth bringeth finished, is it when sin, and sin: forth bringeth it conceived, hath lust when Then
enticed. and lust, own his of away drawn is he when tempted, is man every But
man: any he tempteth neither evil, with tempted be cannot God for God: of tempted am I tempted, is he when say man no Let
him. love that them to promised hath Lord the which life, of crown the receive shall he tried, is he when for temptation: endureth that man the is Blessed
ways. his in away fade man rich the shall also so perisheth: it of fashion the of grace the and falleth, thereof flower the and grass, the withereth it but heat, burning a with risen sooner no is sun the For
away. pass shall he grass the of flower the as because low: made is he that in rich, the But
exalted: is he that in rejoice degree low of brother the Let
ways. his all in unstable is man minded double A
Lord. the of thing any receive shall he that think man that not let For
tossed. and wind the with driven sea the of wave a like is wavereth that he For wavering. nothing faith, in ask him let But
him. given be shall it and not; upbraideth and liberally, men all to giveth that God, of ask him let wisdom, lack you of any If
nothing. wanting entire, and perfect be may ye that work, perfect her have patience let But
patience. worketh faith your of trying the that this, Knowing
temptations; divers into fall ye when joy all it count brethren, My
greeting. abroad, scattered are which tribes twelve the to Christ, Jesus Lord the of and God of servant a James,
James
Amen. all. you with be Grace
you. salute Italy of They saints. the all and you, over rule the have that them all Salute
you. see will I shortly, come he if whom, with liberty; at set is Timothy brother our that ye Know
words. few in you unto letter a written have I for exhortation: of word the suffer brethren, you, beseech I And
Amen. ever. and ever for glory be whom to Christ; Jesus through sight, his in wellpleasing is which that you in working will, his do to work good every in perfect you Make
covenant, everlasting the of blood the through sheep, the of shepherd great that Jesus, Lord our dead the from again brought that peace, of God the Now
sooner. the you to restored be may I that this, do to rather the you beseech I But
honestly. live to willing things all in conscience, good a have we trust we for us: for Pray
you. for unprofitable is that for grief: with not and joy, with it do may they that account, give must that they as souls, your for watch they for yourselves: submit and you, over rule the have that them Obey
pleased. well is God sacrifices such with for not: forget communicate to and good do to But
name. his to thanks giving lips our of fruit the is, that continually, God to praise of sacrifice the offer us let therefore him By
come. to one seek we but city, continuing no we have here For
reproach. his bearing camp, the without him unto therefore forth go us Let
gate. the without suffered blood, own his with people the sanctify might he that also, Jesus Wherefore
camp. the without burned are sin, for priest high the by sanctuary the into brought is blood whose beasts, those of bodies the For
tabernacle. the serve which eat to right no have they whereof altar, an have We
therein. occupied been have that them profited not have which meats, with not grace; with established be heart the that thing good a is it For doctrines. strange and divers with about carried not Be
ever. for and day, to and yesterday, same the Christ Jesus
conversation. their of end the considering follow, faith whose God: of word the you unto spoken have who you, over rule the have which them Remember
me. unto do shall man what fear not will I and helper, my is Lord The say, boldly may we that So
thee. forsake nor thee, leave never will I said, hath he for have: ye as things such with content be and covetousness; without be conversation your Let
judge. will God adulterers and whoremongers but undefiled: bed the and all, in honourable is Marriage
body. the in also yourselves being as adversity, suffer which them and them; with bound as bonds, in are that them Remember
unawares. angels entertained have some thereby for strangers: entertain to forgetful not Be
continue. love brotherly Let
fire. consuming a is God our For
fear: godly and reverence with acceptably God serve may we whereby grace, have us let moved, be cannot which kingdom a receiving we Wherefore
remain. may shaken be cannot which things those that made, are that things of as shaken, are that things those of removing the signifieth more, once Yet word, this And
heaven. also but only, earth the not shake I more once Yet saying, promised, hath he now but earth: the shook then voice Whose
heaven: from speaketh that him from away turn we if escape, we not shall more much earth, on spake that him refused who not escaped they if For speaketh. that him not refuse ye that See
Abel. of that than things better speaketh that sprinkling, of blood the to and covenant, new the of mediator the Jesus to And
perfect, made men just of spirits the to and all, of Judge the God to and heaven, in written are which firstborn, the of church and assembly general the To
angels, of company innumerable an to and Jerusalem, heavenly the God, living the of city the unto and Sion, mount unto come are ye But
quake:) and fear exceedingly I said, Moses that sight, the was terrible so And
dart: a with through thrust or stoned, be shall it mountain, the touch beast a as much so if And commanded, was which that endure not could they (For
more: any them to spoken be not should word the that intreated heard that they voice which words; of voice the and trumpet, a of sound the And
tempest, and darkness, and blackness, unto nor fire, with burned that and touched, be might that mount the unto come not are ye For
tears. with carefully it sought he though repentance, of place no found he for rejected: was he blessing, the inherited have would he when afterward, that how know ye For
birthright. his sold meat of morsel one for who Esau, as person, profane or fornicator, any be there Lest
defiled; be many thereby and you, trouble up springing bitterness of root any lest God; of grace the of fail man any lest diligently Looking
Lord: the see shall man no which without holiness, and men, all with peace Follow
healed. be rather it let but way; the of out turned be lame is which that lest feet, your for paths straight make And
knees; feeble the and down, hang which hands the up lift Wherefore
thereby. exercised are which them unto righteousness of fruit peaceable the yieldeth it afterward nevertheless grievous: but joyous, be to seemeth present the for chastening no Now
holiness. his of partakers be might we that profit, our for he but pleasure; own their after us chastened days few a for verily they For
live? and spirits, of Father the unto subjection in be rather much not we shall reverence: them gave we and us, corrected which flesh our of fathers had have we Furthermore
sons. not and bastards, ye are then partakers, are all whereof chastisement, without be ye if But
not? chasteneth father the whom he is son what for sons; with as you with dealeth God chastening, endure ye If
receiveth. he whom son every scourgeth and chasteneth, he loveth Lord the whom For
him: of rebuked art thou when faint nor Lord, the of chastening the thou not despise son, My children, unto as you unto speaketh which exhortation the forgotten have ye And
sin. against striving blood, unto resisted yet not have Ye
minds. your in faint and wearied be ye lest himself, against sinners of contradiction such endured that him consider For
God. of throne the of hand right the at down set is and shame, the despising cross, the endured him before set was that joy the for who faith; our of finisher and author the Jesus unto Looking
us, before set is that race the patience with run us let and us, beset easily so doth which sin the and weight, every aside lay us let witnesses, of cloud a great so with about compassed are also we seeing Wherefore
perfect. made be not should us without they that us, for thing better some provided having God
promise: the not received faith, through report good a obtained having all, these And
earth. the of caves and dens in and mountains, in and deserts, in wandered they worthy:) not was world the whom (Of
tormented; afflicted, destitute, being goatskins; and sheepskins in about wandered they sword: the with slain were tempted, were asunder, sawn were they stoned, were They
imprisonment: and bonds of moreover yea, scourgings, and mockings cruel of trial had others And
resurrection: better a obtain might they that deliverance; accepting not tortured, were others and again: life to raised dead their received Women
aliens. the of armies the flight to turned fight, in valiant waxed strong, made were weakness of out sword, the of edge the escaped fire, of violence the Quenched
lions. of mouths the stopped promises, obtained righteousness, wrought kingdoms, subdued faith through Who
prophets: the of and Samuel, and also, David of Jephthae; of and Samson, of and Barak, of and Gedeon, of tell to me fail would time the for say? more I shall what And
peace. with spies the received had she when not, believed that them with not perished Rahab harlot the faith By
days. seven about compassed were they after down, fell Jericho of walls the faith By
drowned. were do to assaying Egyptians the which land: dry by as sea Red the through passed they faith By
them. touch should firstborn the destroyed that he lest blood, of sprinkling the and passover, the kept he faith Through
invisible. is who him seeing as endured, he for king: the of wrath the fearing not Egypt, forsook he faith By
reward. the of recompence the unto respect had he for Egypt: in treasures the than riches greater Christ of reproach the Esteeming
season; a for sin of pleasures the enjoy to than God, of people the with affliction suffer to rather Choosing
daughter; Pharaoh's of son the called be to refused years, to come was he when Moses, faith By
commandment. king's the of afraid not were they and child; proper a was he saw they because parents, his of months three hid was born, was he when Moses, faith By
bones. his concerning commandment gave and Israel; of children the of departing the of mention made died, he when Joseph, faith By
staff. his of top the upon leaning worshipped, and Joseph; of sons the both blessed dying, a was he when Jacob, faith By
come. to things concerning Esau and Jacob blessed Isaac faith By
figure. a in him received he also whence from dead; the from even up, him raise to able was God that Accounting
called: be seed thy shall Isaac in That said, was it whom Of
son, begotten only his up offered promises the received had that he and Isaac: up offered tried, was he when Abraham, faith By
city. a them for prepared hath he for God: their called be to ashamed not is God wherefore heavenly: an is, that country, better a desire they now But
returned. have to opportunity had have might they out, came they whence from country that of mindful been had they if truly, And
country. a seek they that plainly declare things such say that they For
earth. the on pilgrims and strangers were they that confessed and them, embraced and them, of persuaded were and off, afar them seen having but promises, the received having not faith, in died all These
innumerable. shore sea the by is which sand the as and multitude, in sky the of stars the as many so dead, as good as him and one, of even there sprang Therefore
promised. had who faithful him judged she because age, past was she when child a of delivered was and seed, conceive to strength received herself Sara also faith Through
God. is maker and builder whose foundations, hath which city a for looked he For
promise: same the of him with heirs the Jacob, and Isaac with tabernacles in dwelling country, strange a in as promise, of land the in sojourned he faith By
went. he whither knowing not out, went he and obeyed; inheritance, an for receive after should he which place a into out go to called was he when Abraham, faith By
faith. by is which righteousness the of heir became and world, the condemned he which the by house; his of saving the to ark an prepared fear, with moved yet, as seen not things of God of warned being Noah, faith By
him. seek diligently that them of rewarder a is he that and is, he that believe must God to cometh that he for him: please to impossible is it faith without But
God. pleased he that testimony, this had he translation his before for him: translated had God because found, not was and death; see not should he that translated was Enoch faith By
speaketh. yet dead being he it by and gifts: his of testifying God righteous, was he that witness obtained he which by Cain, than sacrifice excellent more a God unto offered Abel faith By
appear. do which things of made not were seen are which things that so God, of word the by framed were worlds the that understand we faith Through
report. good a obtained elders the it by For
seen. not things of evidence the for, hoped things of substance the is faith Now
soul. the of saving the to believe that them of but perdition; unto back draw who them of not are we But
him. in pleasure no have shall soul my back, draw man any if but faith: by live shall just the Now
tarry. not will and come, will come shall that he and while, little a yet For
promise. the receive might ye God, of will the done have ye after that, patience, of need have ye For
reward. of recompence great hath which confidence, your therefore away not Cast
substance. enduring an and better a heaven in have ye that yourselves in knowing goods, your of spoiling the joyfully took and bonds, my in me of compassion had ye For
used. so were that them of companions became ye whilst partly, and afflictions; and reproaches by both gazingstock a made were ye whilst Partly,
afflictions; of fight great a endured ye illuminated, were ye after which, in days, former the remembrance to call But
God. living the of hands the into fall to thing fearful a is It
people. his judge shall Lord The again, And Lord. the saith recompense, will I me, unto belongeth Vengeance said, hath that him know we For
grace? of Spirit the unto despite done hath and thing, unholy an sanctified, was he wherewith covenant, the of blood the counted hath and God, of Son the foot under trodden hath who worthy, thought be he shall ye, suppose punishment, sorer much how Of
witnesses: three or two under mercy without died law Moses' despised that He
adversaries. the devour shall which indignation, fiery and judgment of for looking fearful certain a But
sins, for sacrifice more no remaineth there truth, the of knowledge the received have we that after wilfully sin we if For
approaching. day the see ye as more, the much so and another: one exhorting but is; some of manner the as together, ourselves of assembling the forsaking Not
works: good to and love unto provoke to another one consider us let And
promised;) that faithful is he (for wavering; without faith our of profession the fast hold us Let
water. pure with washed bodies our and conscience, evil an from sprinkled hearts our having faith, of assurance full in heart true a with near draw us Let
God; of house the over priest high an having And
flesh; his say, to is that veil, the through us, for consecrated hath he which way, living and new a By
Jesus, of blood the by holiest the into enter to boldness brethren, therefore, Having
sin. for offering more no is there is, these of remission where Now
more. no remember I will iniquities and sins their And
them; write I will minds their in and hearts, their into laws my put will I Lord, the saith days, those after them with make will I that covenant the is This
before, said had he that after for us: to witness a is also Ghost Holy the Whereof
sanctified. are that them ever for perfected hath he offering one by For
footstool. his made be enemies his till expecting henceforth From
God; of hand right the on down sat ever, for sins for sacrifice one offered had he after man, this But
sins: away take never can which sacrifices, same the oftentimes offering and ministering daily standeth priest every And
all. for once Christ Jesus of body the of offering the through sanctified are we will which the By
second. the establish may he that first, the away taketh He God. O will, thy do to come I Lo, he, said Then
law; the by offered are which therein; pleasure hadst neither not, wouldest thou sin for offering and offerings burnt and offering and Sacrifice said, he when Above
God. O will, thy do to me,) of written is it book the of volume the (in come I Lo, I, said Then
pleasure. no had hast thou sin for sacrifices and offerings burnt In
me: prepared thou hast body a but not, wouldest thou offering and Sacrifice saith, he world, the into cometh he when Wherefore
sins. away take should goats of and bulls of blood the that possible not is it For
year. every sins of made again remembrance a is there sacrifices those in But
sins. of conscience more no had have should purged once worshippers the that because offered? be to ceased have not they would then For
perfect. thereunto comers the make continually year by year offered they which sacrifices those with never can things, the of image very the not and come, to things good of shadow a having law the For
salvation. unto sin without time second the appear he shall him for look that them unto and many; of sins the bear to offered once was Christ So
judgment: the this after but die, to once men unto appointed is it as And
himself. of sacrifice the by sin away put to appeared he hath world the of end the in once now but world: the of foundation the since suffered have often he must then For
others; of blood with year every place holy the into entereth priest high the as often, himself offer should he that yet Nor
us: for God of presence the in appear to now itself, heaven into but true; the of figures the are which hands, with made places holy the into entered not is Christ For
these. than sacrifices better with themselves things heavenly the but these; with purified be should heavens the in things of patterns the that necessary therefore was It
remission. no is blood of shedding without and blood; with purged law the by are things all almost And
ministry. the of vessels the all and tabernacle, the both blood with sprinkled he Moreover
you. unto enjoined hath God which testament the of blood the is This Saying,
people, the all and book, the both sprinkled and hyssop, and wool, scarlet and water, with goats, of and calves of blood the took he law, the to according people the all to precept every spoken had Moses when For
blood. without dedicated was testament first the neither Whereupon
liveth. testator the while all at strength no of is it otherwise dead: are men after force of is testament a For
testator. the of death the be necessity of also must there is, testament a where For
inheritance. eternal of promise the receive might called are which they testament, first the under were that transgressions the of redemption the for death, of means by that testament, new the of mediator the is he cause this for And
God? living the serve to works dead from conscience your purge God, to spot without himself offered Spirit eternal the through who Christ, of blood the shall more much How
flesh: the of purifying the to sanctifieth unclean, the sprinkling heifer an of ashes the and goats, of and bulls of blood the if For
us. for redemption eternal obtained having place, holy the into once in entered he blood own his by but calves, and goats of blood the by Neither
building; this of not say, to is that hands, with made not tabernacle, perfect more and greater a by come, to things good of priest high an come being Christ But
reformation. of time the until them on imposed ordinances, carnal and washings, divers and drinks, and meats in only stood Which
conscience; the to pertaining as perfect, service the did that him make not could that sacrifices, and gifts both offered were which in present, then time the for figure a was Which
standing: yet was tabernacle first the as while manifest, made yet not was all of holiest the into way the that signifying, this Ghost Holy The
people: the of errors the for and himself, for offered he which blood, without not year, every once alone priest high the went second the into But
God. of service the accomplishing tabernacle, first the into always went priests the ordained, thus were things these when Now
particularly. speak now cannot we which of mercyseat; the shadowing glory of cherubims the it over And
covenant; the of tables the and budded, that rod Aaron's and manna, had that pot golden the was wherein gold, with about round overlaid covenant the of ark the and censer, golden the had Which
all; of Holiest the called is which tabernacle the veil, second the after And
sanctuary. the called is which shewbread; the and table, the and candlestick, the was wherein first, the made; tabernacle a was there For
sanctuary. worldly a and service, divine of ordinances also had covenant first the verily Then
away. vanish to ready is old waxeth and decayeth which that Now old. first the made hath he covenant, new A saith, he that In
more. no remember I will iniquities their and sins their and unrighteousness, their to merciful be will I For
greatest. the to least the from me, know shall all for Lord: the Know saying, brother, his man every and neighbour, his man every teach not shall they And
people: a me to be shall they and God, a them to be will I and hearts: their in them write and mind, their into laws my put will I Lord; the saith days, those after Israel of house the with make will I that covenant the is this For
Lord. the saith not, them regarded I and covenant, my in not continued they because Egypt; of land the of out them lead to hand the by them took I when day the in fathers their with made I that covenant the to according Not
Judah: of house the with and Israel of house the with covenant new a make will I when Lord, the saith come, days the Behold, saith, he them, with fault finding For
second. the for sought been have place no should then faultless, been had covenant first that if For
promises. better upon established was which covenant, better a of mediator the is he also much how by ministry, excellent more a obtained he hath now But
mount. the in thee to shewed pattern the to according things all make thou that he, saith See, for, tabernacle: the make to about was he when God of admonished was Moses as things, heavenly of shadow and example the unto serve Who
law: the to according gifts offer that priests are there that seeing priest, a be not should he earth, on were he if For
offer. to also somewhat have man this that necessity of is it wherefore sacrifices: and gifts offer to ordained is priest high every For
man. not and pitched, Lord the which tabernacle, true the of and sanctuary, the of minister A
heavens; the in Majesty the of throne the of hand right the on set is who priest, high an such have We sum: the is this spoken have we which things the of Now
evermore. for consecrated is who Son, the maketh law, the since was which oath, the of word the but infirmity; have which priests high men maketh law the For
himself. up offered he when once, did he this for people's: the for then and sins, own his for first sacrifice, up offer to priests, high those as daily, not needeth Who
heavens; the than higher made and sinners, from separate undefiled, harmless, holy, is who us, became priest high an such For
them. for intercession make to liveth ever he seeing him, by God unto come that uttermost the to them save to also able is he Wherefore
priesthood. unchangeable an hath ever, continueth he because man, this But
death: of reason by continue to suffered not were they because priests, many were truly they And
testament. better a of surety a made Jesus was much so By
Melchisedec:) of order the after ever for priest a art Thou repent, not will and sware Lord The him, unto said that him by oath an with this but oath; an without made were priests those (For
priest: made was he oath an without not as inasmuch And
God. unto nigh draw we which the by did; hope better a of in bringing the but perfect, nothing made law the For
thereof. unprofitableness and weakness the for before going commandment the of disannulling a verily is there For
Melchisedec. of order the after ever for priest a art Thou testifieth, he For
life. endless an of power the after but commandment, carnal a of law the after not made, is Who
priest, another ariseth there Melchisedec of similitude the after that for evident: more far yet is it And
priesthood. concerning nothing spake Moses tribe which of Juda; of out sprang Lord our that evident is it For
altar. the at attendance gave man no which of tribe, another to pertaineth spoken are things these whom of he For
law. the of also change a necessity of made is there changed, being priesthood the For
Aaron? of order the after called be not and Melchisedec, of order the after rise should priest another that there was need further what law,) the received people the it under (for priesthood, Levitical the by were perfection therefore If
him. met Melchisedec when father, his of loins the in yet was he For
Abraham. in tithes payed tithes, receiveth who also, Levi say, so may I as And
liveth. he that witnessed is it whom of them, receiveth he there but tithes; receive die that men here And
better. the of blessed is less the contradiction all without And
promises. the had that him blessed and Abraham, of tithes received them from counted not is descent whose he But
Abraham: of loins the of out come they though brethren, their of is, that law, the to according people the of tithes take to commandment a have priesthood, the of office the receive who Levi, of sons the of are that they verily And
spoils. the of tenth the gave Abraham patriarch the even whom unto was, man this great how consider Now
continually. priest a abideth God; of Son the unto like made but life; of end nor days, of beginning neither having descent, without mother, without father, Without
peace; of King is, which Salem, of King also that after and righteousness, of King interpretation by being first all; of part tenth a gave Abraham also whom To
him; blessed and kings, the of slaughter the from returning Abraham met who God, high most the of priest Salem, of king Melchisedec, this For
Melchisedec. of order the after ever for priest high an made Jesus, even entered, us for is forerunner the Whither
veil; the within that into entereth which and stedfast, and sure both soul, the of anchor an as have we hope Which
us: before set hope the upon hold lay to refuge for fled have who consolation, strong a have might we lie, to God for impossible was it which in things, immutable two by That
oath: an by it confirmed counsel, his of immutability the promise of heirs the unto shew to abundantly more willing God, Wherein
strife. all of end an them to is confirmation for oath an and greater: the by swear verily men For
promise. the obtained he endured, patiently had he after so, And
thee. multiply will I multiplying and thee, bless will I blessing Surely Saying,
himself, by sware he greater, no by swear could he because Abraham, to promise made God when For
promises. the inherit patience and faith through who them of followers but slothful, not be ye That
end: the unto hope of assurance full the to diligence same the shew do you of one every that desire we And
minister. do and saints, the to ministered have ye that in name, his toward shewed have ye which love, of labour and work your forget to unrighteous not is God For
speak. thus we though salvation, accompany that things and you, of things better persuaded are we beloved, But,
burned. be to is end whose cursing; unto nigh is and rejected, is briers and thorns beareth which that But
God: from blessing receiveth dressed, is it whom by them for meet herbs forth bringeth and it, upon oft cometh that rain the in drinketh which earth the For
shame. open an to him put and afresh, God of Son the themselves to crucify they seeing repentance; unto again them renew to away, fall shall they If
come, to world the of powers the and God, of word good the tasted have And
Ghost, Holy the of partakers made were and gift, heavenly the of tasted have and enlightened, once were who those for impossible is it For
permit. God if do, we will this And
judgment. eternal of and dead, the of resurrection of and hands, of on laying of and baptisms, of doctrine the Of
God, toward faith of and works, dead from repentance of foundation the again laying not perfection; unto on go us let Christ, of doctrine the of principles the leaving Therefore
evil. and good both discern to exercised senses their have use of reason by who those even age, full of are that them to belongeth meat strong But
babe. a is he for righteousness: of word the in unskilful is milk useth that one every For
meat. strong of not and milk, of need have as such become are and God; of oracles the of principles first the be which again you teach one that need have ye teachers, be to ought ye time the for when For
hearing. of dull are ye seeing uttered, be to hard and say, to things many have we whom Of
Melchisedec. of order the after priest high an God of Called
him; obey that them all unto salvation eternal of author the became he perfect, made being And
suffered; he which things the by obedience he learned yet Son, a were he Though
feared; he that in heard was and death, from him save to able was that him unto tears and crying strong with supplications and prayers up offered had he when flesh, his of days the in Who
Melchisedec. of order the after ever for priest a art Thou place, another in also saith he As
thee. begotten I have day to Son, my art Thou him, unto said that he but priest; high an made be to himself not glorified Christ also So
Aaron. was as God, of called is that he but himself, unto honour this taketh man no And
sins. for offer to himself, for also so people, the for as ought, he hereof reason by And
infirmity. with compassed is also himself he that for way; the of out are that them on and ignorant, the on compassion have can Who
sins: for sacrifices and gifts both offer may he that God, to pertaining things in men for ordained is men among from taken priest high every For
need. of time in help to grace find and mercy, obtain may we that grace, of throne the unto boldly come therefore us Let
sin. without yet are, we as like tempted points all in was but infirmities; our of feeling the with touched be cannot which priest high an not have we For
profession. our fast hold us let God, of Son the Jesus heavens, the into passed is that priest, high great a have we that then Seeing
do. to have we whom with him of eyes the unto opened and naked are things all but sight: his in manifest not is that creature any there is Neither
heart. the of intents and thoughts the of discerner a is and marrow, and joints the of and spirit, and soul of asunder dividing the to even piercing sword, twoedged any than sharper and powerful, and quick, is God of word the For
unbelief. of example same the after fall man any lest rest, that into enter to therefore labour us Let
his. from did God as works, own his from ceased hath also he rest, his into entered is that he For
God. of people the to rest a therefore remaineth There
day. another of spoken have afterward not he would then rest, them given had Jesus if For
hearts. your not harden voice, his hear will ye if day To said, is it as time; a long so after day, To David, in saying day, certain a limiteth he Again,
unbelief: of because in not entered preached first was it whom to they and therein, enter must some that remaineth it therefore Seeing
rest. my into enter shall they If again, place this in And
works. his all from day seventh the rest did God And wise, this on day seventh the of place certain a in spake he For
world. the of foundation the from finished were works the although rest: my into enter shall they if wrath, my in sworn have I As said, he as rest, into enter do believed have which we For
it. heard that them in faith with mixed being not them, profit not did preached word the but them: unto as well as preached, gospel the was us unto For
it. of short come to seem should you of any rest, his into entering of us left being promise a lest, fear, therefore us Let
unbelief. of because in enter not could they that see we So
not? believed that them to but rest, his into enter not should they that he sware whom to And
wilderness? the in fell carcases whose sinned, had that them with not it was years? forty grieved he was whom with But
Moses. by Egypt of out came that all not howbeit provoke: did heard, had they when some, For
provocation. the in as hearts, your not harden voice, his hear will ye if day To said, is it While
end; the unto stedfast confidence our of beginning the hold we if Christ, of partakers made are we For
sin. of deceitfulness the through hardened be you of any lest day; To called is it while daily, another one exhort But
God. living the from departing in unbelief, of heart evil an you of any in be there lest brethren, heed, Take
rest.) my into enter not shall They wrath, my in sware I So
ways. my known not have they and heart; their in err alway do They said, and generation, that with grieved was I Wherefore
years. forty works my saw and me, proved me, tempted fathers your When
wilderness: the in temptation of day the in provocation, the in as hearts, your not Harden
voice, his hear will ye if day To saith, Ghost Holy the (as Wherefore
end. the unto firm hope the of rejoicing the and confidence the fast hold we if we, are house whose house; own his over son a as Christ But
after; spoken be to were which things those of testimony a for servant, a as house, his all in faithful was verily Moses And
God. is things all built that he but man; some by builded is house every For
house. the than honour more hath house the builded hath who he as inasmuch Moses, than glory more of worthy counted was man this For
house. his all in faithful was Moses also as him, appointed that him to faithful was Who
Jesus; Christ profession, our of Priest High and Apostle the consider calling, heavenly the of partakers brethren, holy Wherefore,
tempted. are that them succour to able is he tempted, being suffered hath himself he that in For
people. the of sins the for reconciliation make to God, to pertaining things in priest high faithful and merciful a be might he that brethren, his unto like made be to him behoved it things all in Wherefore
Abraham. of seed the him on took he but angels; of nature the him on not took he verily For
bondage. to subject lifetime their all were death of fear through who them deliver And
devil; the is, that death, of power the had that him destroy might he death through that same; the of part took likewise himself also he blood, and flesh of partakers are children the as then Forasmuch
me. given hath God which children the and I Behold again, And him. in trust my put will I again, And
thee. unto praise sing I will church the of midst the in brethren, my unto name thy declare will I Saying,
brethren, them call to ashamed not is he cause which for one: of all are sanctified are who they and sanctifieth that he both For
sufferings. through perfect salvation their of captain the make to glory, unto sons many bringing in things, all are whom by and things, all are whom for him, became it For
man. every for death taste should God of grace the by he that honour; and glory with crowned death, of suffering the for angels the than lower little a made was who Jesus, see we But
him. under put things all yet not see we now But him. under put not is that nothing left he him, under subjection in all put he that in For feet. his under subjection in things all put hast Thou
hands: thy of works the over him set didst and honour, and glory with him crownedst thou angels; the than lower little a him madest Thou
him? visitest thou that man of son the or him? of mindful art thou that man, is What saying, testified, place certain a in one But
speak. we whereof come, to world the subjection in put not he hath angels the unto For
will? own his to according Ghost, Holy the of gifts and miracles, divers with and wonders, and signs with both witness, them bearing also God
him; heard that them by us unto confirmed was and Lord, the by spoken be to began first the at which salvation; great so neglect we if escape, we shall How
reward; of recompence just a received disobedience and transgression every and stedfast, was angels by spoken word the if For
slip. them let should we time any at lest heard, have we which things the to heed earnest more the give to ought we Therefore
salvation? of heirs be shall who them for minister to forth sent spirits, ministering all not they Are
footstool? thy enemies thine make I until hand, right my on Sit time, any at he said angels the of which to But
fail. not shall years thy and same, the art thou but changed: be shall they and up, them fold thou shalt vesture a as And
garment; a doth as old wax shall all they and remainest; thou but perish; shall They
hands: thine of works the are heavens the and earth; the of foundation the laid hast beginning the in Lord, Thou, And,
fellows. thy above gladness of oil the with thee anointed hath God, thy even God, therefore iniquity; hated and righteousness, loved hast Thou
kingdom. thy of sceptre the is righteousness of sceptre a ever: and ever for is God, O throne, Thy saith, he Son the unto But
fire. of flame a ministers his and spirits, angels his maketh Who saith, he angels the of And
him. worship God of angels the all let And saith, he world, the into firstbegotten the in bringeth he when again, And
Son? a me to be shall he and Father, a him to be will I again, And thee? begotten I have day this Son, my art Thou time, any at he said angels the of which unto For
they. than name excellent more a obtained inheritance by hath he as angels, the than better much so made Being
high: on Majesty the of hand right the on down sat sins, our purged himself by had he when power, his of word the by things all upholding and person, his of image express the and glory, his of brightness the being Who
worlds; the made he also whom by things, all of heir appointed hath he whom Son, his by us unto spoken days last these in Hath
prophets, the by fathers the unto past time in spake manners divers in and times sundry at who God,
Hebrews
Amen. spirit. your with be Christ Jesus Lord our of grace The
fellowlabourers. my Lucas, Demas, Aristarchus, Marcus,
Jesus; Christ in fellowprisoner my Epaphras, thee salute There
you. unto given be shall I prayers your through that trust I for lodging: a also me prepare withal But
say. I than more do also wilt thou that knowing thee, unto wrote I obedience thy in confidence Having
Lord. the in bowels my refresh Lord: the in thee of joy have me let brother, Yea,
besides. self own thine even me unto owest thou how thee to say not do I albeit it: repay will I hand, own mine with it written have Paul I
account; mine on that put ought, thee oweth or thee, wronged hath he If
myself. as him receive partner, a therefore me count thou If
Lord? the in and flesh, the in both thee, unto more much how but me, to specially beloved, brother a servant, a above but servant, a as now Not
ever; for him receive shouldest thou that season, a for departed therefore he perhaps For
willingly. but necessity, of were it as be not should benefit thy that nothing; do I would mind thy without But
gospel: the of bonds the in me unto ministered have might he stead thy in that me, with retained have would I Whom
bowels: own mine is, that him, receive therefore thou again: sent have I Whom
me: to and thee to profitable now but unprofitable, thee to was past time in Which
bonds: my in begotten have I whom Onesimus, son my for thee beseech I
Christ. Jesus of prisoner a also now and aged, the Paul as one an such being thee, beseech rather I sake love's for Yet
convenient, is which that thee enjoin to Christ in bold much be might I though Wherefore,
brother. thee, by refreshed are saints the of bowels the because love, thy in consolation and joy great have we For
Jesus. Christ in you in is which thing good every of acknowledging the by effectual become may faith thy of communication the That
saints; all toward and Jesus, Lord the toward hast thou which faith, and love thy of Hearing
prayers, my in always thee of mention making God, my thank I
Christ. Jesus Lord the and Father our God from peace, and you, to Grace
house: thy in church the to and fellowsoldier, our Archippus and Apphia, beloved our to And
fellowlabourer, and beloved, dearly our Philemon unto brother, our Timothy and Christ, Jesus of prisoner a Paul,
Philemon
Amen. all. you with be Grace faith. the in us love that them Greet thee. salute me with are that All
unfruitful. not be they that uses, necessary for works good maintain to learn also our's let And
them. unto wanting be nothing that diligently, journey their on Apollos and lawyer the Zenas Bring
winter. to there determined have I for Nicopolis: to me unto come to diligent be Tychicus, or thee, unto Artemas send shall I When
himself. of condemned being sinneth, and subverted, is such is that he that Knowing
reject; admonition second and first the after heretick an is that man A
vain. and unprofitable are they for law; the about strivings and contentions, and genealogies, and questions, foolish avoid But
men. unto profitable and good are things These works. good maintain to careful be might God in believed have which they that constantly, affirm thou that will I things these and saying, faithful a is This
life. eternal of hope the to according heirs made be should we grace, his by justified being That
Saviour; our Christ Jesus through abundantly us on shed he Which
Ghost; Holy the of renewing and regeneration, of washing the by us, saved he mercy his to according but done, have we which righteousness of works by Not
appeared, man toward Saviour our God of love and kindness the that after But
another. one hating and hateful, envy, and malice in living pleasures, and lusts divers serving deceived, disobedient, foolish, sometimes were also ourselves we For
men. all unto meekness all shewing gentle, but brawlers, no be to man, no of evil speak To
work, good every to ready be to magistrates, obey to powers, and principalities to subject be to mind in them Put
thee. despise man no Let authority. all with rebuke and exhort, and speak, things These
works. good of zealous people, peculiar a himself unto purify and iniquity, all from us redeem might he that us, for himself gave Who
Christ; Jesus Saviour our and God great the of appearing glorious the and hope, blessed that for Looking
world; present this in godly, and righteously, soberly, live should we lusts, worldly and ungodliness denying that, us Teaching
men, all to appeared hath salvation bringeth that God of grace the For
things. all in Saviour our God of doctrine the adorn may they that fidelity; good all shewing but purloining, Not
again; answering not things; all in well them please to and masters, own their unto obedient be to servants Exhort
you. of say to thing evil no having ashamed, be may part contrary the of is that he that condemned; be cannot that speech, Sound
sincerity, gravity, uncorruptness, shewing doctrine in works: good of pattern a thyself shewing things all In
minded. sober be to exhort likewise men Young
blasphemed. not be God of word the that husbands, own their to obedient good, home, at keepers chaste, discreet, be To
children, their love to husbands, their love to sober, be to women young the teach may they That
things; good of teachers wine, much to given not accusers, false not holiness, becometh as behaviour in be they that likewise, women aged The
patience. in charity, in faith, in sound temperate, grave, sober, be men aged the That
doctrine: sound become which things the thou speak But
reprobate. work good every unto and disobedient, and abominable, being him, deny they works in but God; know they that profess They
defiled. is conscience and mind their even but pure; nothing is unbelieving and defiled are that them unto but pure: are things all pure the Unto
truth. the from turn that men, of commandments and fables, Jewish to heed giving Not
faith; the in sound be may they that sharply, them rebuke Wherefore true. is witness This
bellies. slow beasts, evil liars, alway are Cretians the said, own, their of prophet a even themselves, of One
sake. lucre's filthy for not, ought they which things teaching houses, whole subvert who stopped, be must mouths Whose
circumcision: the of they specially deceivers, and talkers vain and unruly many are there For
gainsayers. the convince to and exhort to both doctrine sound by able be may he that taught, been hath he as word faithful the fast Holding
temperate; holy, just, sober, men, good of lover a hospitality, of lover a But
lucre; filthy to given not striker, no wine, to given not angry, soon not selfwilled, not God; of steward the as blameless, be must bishop a For
unruly. or riot of accused not children faithful having wife, one of husband the blameless, be any If
thee: appointed had I as city, every in elders ordain and wanting, are that things the order in set shouldest thou that Crete, in thee I left cause this For
Saviour. our Christ Jesus Lord the and Father the God from peace, and mercy, Grace, faith: common the after son own mine Titus, To
Saviour; our God of commandment the to according me unto committed is which preaching, through word his manifested times due in hath But
began; world the before promised lie, cannot that God, which life, eternal of hope In
godliness; after is which truth the of acknowledging the and elect, God's of faith the to according Christ, Jesus of apostle an and God, of servant a Paul,
Titus
Amen. you. with be Grace spirit. thy with be Christ Jesus Lord The 2Tim.4:22
brethren. the all and Claudia, and Linus, and Pudens, and thee, greeteth Eubulus winter. before come to diligence thy Do 2Tim.4:21
sick. Miletum at left I have Trophimus but Corinth: at abode Erastus 2Tim.4:20
Onesiphorus. of household the and Aquila, and Prisca Salute 2Tim.4:19
Amen. ever. and ever for glory be whom to kingdom: heavenly his unto me preserve will and work, evil every from me deliver shall Lord the And 2Tim.4:18
lion. the of mouth the of out delivered was I and hear: might Gentiles the all that and known, fully be might preaching the me by that me; strengthened and me, with stood Lord the Notwithstanding 2Tim.4:17
charge. their to laid be not may it that God pray I me: forsook men all but me, with stood man no answer first my At 2Tim.4:16
words. our withstood greatly hath he for also; ware thou be whom Of 2Tim.4:15
works: his to according him reward Lord the evil: much me did coppersmith the Alexander 2Tim.4:14
parchments. the especially but books, the and thee, with bring comest, thou when Carpus, with Troas at left I that cloke The 2Tim.4:13
Ephesus. to sent I have Tychicus And 2Tim.4:12
ministry. the for me to profitable is he for thee: with him bring and Mark, Take me. with is Luke Only 2Tim.4:11
Dalmatia. unto Titus Galatia, to Crescens Thessalonica; unto departed is and world, present this loved having me, forsaken hath Demas For 2Tim.4:10
me: unto shortly come to diligence thy Do 2Tim.4:9
appearing. his love that also them all unto but only, me to not and day: that at me give shall judge, righteous the Lord, the which righteousness, of crown a me for up laid is there Henceforth 2Tim.4:8
faith: the kept have I course, my finished have I fight, good a fought have I 2Tim.4:7
hand. at is departure my of time the and offered, be to ready now am I For 2Tim.4:6
ministry. thy of proof full make evangelist, an of work the do afflictions, endure things, all in thou watch But 2Tim.4:5
fables. unto turned be shall and truth, the from ears their away turn shall they And 2Tim.4:4
ears; itching having teachers, themselves to heap they shall lusts own their after but doctrine; sound endure not will they when come will time the For 2Tim.4:3
doctrine. and suffering long all with exhort rebuke, reprove, season; of out season, in instant be word; the Preach 2Tim.4:2
kingdom; his and appearing his at dead the and quick the judge shall who Christ, Jesus Lord the and God, before therefore thee charge I 2Tim.4:1
works. good all unto furnished thoroughly perfect, be may God of man the That 2Tim.3:17
righteousness: in instruction for correction, for reproof, for doctrine, for profitable is and God, of inspiration by given is scripture All 2Tim.3:16
Jesus. Christ in is which faith through salvation unto wise thee make to able are which scriptures, holy the known hast thou child a from that And 2Tim.3:15
them; learned hast thou whom of knowing of, assured been hast and learned hast thou which things the in thou continue But 2Tim.3:14
deceived. being and deceiving, worse, and worse wax shall seducers and men evil But 2Tim.3:13
persecution. suffer shall Jesus Christ in godly live will that all and Yea, 2Tim.3:12
me. delivered Lord the all them of out but endured: I persecutions what Lystra; at Iconium, at Antioch, at me unto came which afflictions, Persecutions, 2Tim.3:11
patience, charity, longsuffering, faith, purpose, life, of manner doctrine, my known fully hast thou But 2Tim.3:10
was. also their's as men, all unto manifest be shall folly their for further: no proceed shall they But 2Tim.3:9
faith. the concerning reprobate minds, corrupt of men truth: the resist also these do so Moses, withstood Jambres and Jannes as Now 2Tim.3:8
truth. the of knowledge the to come to able never and learning, Ever 2Tim.3:7
lusts, divers with away led sins, with laden women silly captive lead and houses, into creep which they are sort this of For 2Tim.3:6
away. turn such from thereof: power the denying but godliness, of form a Having 2Tim.3:5
God; of lovers than more pleasures of lovers highminded, heady, Traitors, 2Tim.3:4
good, are that those of despisers fierce, incontinent, accusers, false trucebreakers, affection, natural Without 2Tim.3:3
unholy, unthankful, parents, to disobedient blasphemers, proud, boasters, covetous, selves, own their of lovers be shall men For 2Tim.3:2
come. shall times perilous days last the in that also, know This 2Tim.3:1
will. his at him by captive taken are who devil, the of snare the of out themselves recover may they that And 2Tim.2:26
truth; the of acknowledging the to repentance them give will peradventure God if themselves; oppose that those instructing meekness In 2Tim.2:25
patient, teach, to apt men, all unto gentle be but strive; not must Lord the of servant the And 2Tim.2:24
strifes. gender do they that knowing avoid, questions unlearned and foolish But 2Tim.2:23
heart. pure a of out Lord the on call that them with peace, charity, faith, righteousness, follow but lusts: youthful also Flee 2Tim.2:22
work. good every unto prepared and use, master's the for meet and sanctified, honour, unto vessel a be shall he these, from himself purge therefore man a If 2Tim.2:21
dishonour. to some and honour, to some and earth; of and wood of also but silver, of and gold of vessels only not are there house great a in But 2Tim.2:20
iniquity. from depart Christ of name the nameth that one every let And, his. are that them knoweth Lord The seal, this having sure, standeth God of foundation the Nevertheless 2Tim.2:19
some. of faith the overthrow and already; past is resurrection the that saying erred, have truth the concerning Who 2Tim.2:18
Philetus; and Hymenaeus is whom of canker: a doth as eat will word their And 2Tim.2:17
ungodliness. more unto increase will they for babblings: vain and profane shun But 2Tim.2:16
truth. of word the dividing rightly ashamed, be to not needeth that workman a God, unto approved thyself shew to Study 2Tim.2:15
hearers. the of subverting the to but profit, no to words about not strive they that Lord the before them charging remembrance, in them put things these Of 2Tim.2:14
himself. deny cannot he faithful: abideth he yet not, believe we If 2Tim.2:13
us: deny will also he him, deny we if him: with reign also shall we suffer, we If 2Tim.2:12
him: with live also shall we him, with dead be we if For saying: faithful a is It 2Tim.2:11
glory. eternal with Jesus Christ in is which salvation the obtain also may they that sakes, elect's the for things all endure I Therefore 2Tim.2:10
bound. not is God of word the but bonds; unto even doer, evil an as trouble, suffer I Wherein 2Tim.2:9
gospel: my to according dead the from raised was David of seed the of Christ Jesus that Remember 2Tim.2:8
things. all in understanding thee give Lord the and say; I what Consider 2Tim.2:7
fruits. the of partaker first be must laboureth that husbandman The 2Tim.2:6
lawfully. strive he except crowned, not he is yet masteries, for strive also man a if And 2Tim.2:5
soldier. a be to him chosen hath who him please may he that life; this of affairs the with himself entangleth warreth that man No 2Tim.2:4
Christ. Jesus of soldier good a as hardness, endure therefore Thou 2Tim.2:3
also. others teach to able be shall who men, faithful to thou commit same the witnesses, many among me of heard hast thou that things the And 2Tim.2:2
Jesus. Christ in is that grace the in strong be son, my therefore, Thou 2Tim.2:1
well. very knowest thou Ephesus, at me unto ministered he things many how in and day: that in Lord the of mercy find may he that him unto grant Lord The 2Tim.1:18
me. found and diligently, very out me sought he Rome, in was he when But, 2Tim.1:17
chain: my of ashamed not was and me, refreshed oft he for Onesiphorus; of house the unto mercy give Lord The 2Tim.1:16
Hermogenes. and Phygellus are whom of me; from away turned be Asia in are which they all that knowest, thou This 2Tim.1:15
us. in dwelleth which Ghost Holy the by keep thee unto committed was which thing good That 2Tim.1:14
Jesus. Christ in is which love and faith in me, of heard hast thou which words, sound of form the fast Hold 2Tim.1:13
day. that against him unto committed have I which that keep to able is he that persuaded am and believed, have I whom know I for ashamed: not am I nevertheless things: these suffer also I cause which the For 2Tim.1:12
Gentiles. the of teacher a and apostle, an and preacher, a appointed am I Whereunto 2Tim.1:11
gospel: the through light to immortality and life brought hath and death, abolished hath who Christ, Jesus Saviour our of appearing the by manifest made now is But 2Tim.1:10
began, world the before Jesus Christ in us given was which grace, and purpose own his to according but works, our to according not calling, holy an with us called and us, saved hath Who 2Tim.1:9
God; of power the to according gospel the of afflictions the of partaker thou be but prisoner: his me of nor Lord, our of testimony the of ashamed therefore thou not Be 2Tim.1:8
mind. sound a of and love, of and power, of but fear; of spirit the us given not hath God For 2Tim.1:7
hands. my of on putting the by thee in is which God, of gift the up stir thou that remembrance in thee put I Wherefore 2Tim.1:6
also. thee in that persuaded am I and Eunice; mother thy and Lois, grandmother thy in first dwelt which thee, in is that faith unfeigned the remembrance to call I When 2Tim.1:5
joy; with filled be may I that tears, thy of mindful being thee, see to desiring Greatly 2Tim.1:4
day; and night prayers my in thee of remembrance have I ceasing without that conscience, pure with forefathers my from serve I whom God, thank I 2Tim.1:3
Lord. our Jesus Christ and Father the God from peace, and mercy, Grace, son: beloved dearly my Timothy, To 2Tim.1:2
Jesus, Christ in is which life of promise the to according God, of will the by Christ Jesus of apostle an Paul, 2Tim.1:1
Timothy 2
Amen. thee. with be Grace faith. the concerning erred have professing some Which 1Tim.6:21
called: so falsely science of oppositions and babblings, vain and profane avoiding trust, thy to committed is which that keep Timothy, O 1Tim.6:20
life. eternal on hold lay may they that come, to time the against foundation good a themselves for store in up Laying 1Tim.6:19
communicate; to willing distribute, to ready works, good in rich be they that good, do they That 1Tim.6:18
enjoy; to things all richly us giveth who God, living the in but riches, uncertain in trust nor highminded, not be they that world, this in rich are that them Charge 1Tim.6:17
Amen. everlasting. power and honour be whom to see: can nor seen, hath man no whom unto; approach can man no which light the in dwelling immortality, hath only Who 1Tim.6:16
lords; of Lord and kings, of King the Potentate, only and blessed the is who shew, shall he times his in Which 1Tim.6:15
Christ: Jesus Lord our of appearing the until unrebukable, spot, without commandment this keep thou That 1Tim.6:14
confession; good a witnessed Pilate Pontius before who Jesus, Christ before and things, all quickeneth who God, of sight the in charge thee give I 1Tim.6:13
witnesses. many before profession good a professed hast and called, also art thou whereunto life, eternal on hold lay faith, of fight good the Fight 1Tim.6:12
meekness. patience, love, faith, godliness, righteousness, after follow and things; these flee God, of man O thou, But 1Tim.6:11
sorrows. many with through themselves pierced and faith, the from erred have they after, coveted some while which evil: all of root the is money of love the For 1Tim.6:10
perdition. and destruction in men drown which lusts, hurtful and foolish many into and snare, a and temptation into fall rich be will that they But 1Tim.6:9
content. therewith be us let raiment and food having And 1Tim.6:8
out. nothing carry can we certain is it and world, this into nothing brought we For 1Tim.6:7
gain. great is contentment with godliness But 1Tim.6:6
thyself. withdraw such from godliness: is gain that supposing truth, the of destitute and minds, corrupt of men of disputings Perverse 1Tim.6:5
surmisings, evil railings, strife, envy, cometh whereof words, of strifes and questions about doting but nothing, knowing proud, is He 1Tim.6:4
godliness; to according is which doctrine the to and Christ, Jesus Lord our of words the even words, wholesome to not consent and otherwise, teach man any If 1Tim.6:3
exhort. and teach things These benefit. the of partakers beloved, and faithful are they because service, them do rather but brethren; are they because them, despise not them let masters, believing have that they And 1Tim.6:2
blasphemed. not be doctrine his and God of name the that honour, all of worthy masters own their count yoke the under are as servants many as Let 1Tim.6:1
hid. be cannot otherwise are that they and beforehand; manifest are some of works good the also Likewise 1Tim.5:25
after. follow they men some and judgment; to before going beforehand, open are sins men's Some 1Tim.5:24
infirmities. often thine and sake stomach's thy for wine little a use but water, longer no Drink 1Tim.5:23
pure. thyself keep sins: men's other of partaker be neither man, no on suddenly hands Lay 1Tim.5:22
partiality. by nothing doing another, before one preferring without things these observe thou that angels, elect the and Christ, Jesus Lord the and God, before thee charge I 1Tim.5:21
fear. may also others that all, before rebuke sin that Them 1Tim.5:20
witnesses. three or two before but accusation, an not receive elder an Against 1Tim.5:19
reward. his of worthy is labourer The And, corn. the out treadeth that ox the muzzle not shalt thou saith, scripture the For 1Tim.5:18
doctrine. and word the in labour who they especially honour, double of worthy counted be well rule that elders the Let 1Tim.5:17
indeed. widows are that them relieve may it that charged; be church the not let and them, relieve them let widows, have believeth that woman or man any If 1Tim.5:16
Satan. after aside turned already are some For 1Tim.5:15
reproachfully. speak to adversary the to occasion none give house, the guide children, bear marry, women younger the that therefore will I 1Tim.5:14
not. ought they which things speaking busybodies, and also tattlers but idle, only not and house; to house from about wandering idle, be to learn they withal And 1Tim.5:13
faith. first their off cast have they because damnation, Having 1Tim.5:12
marry; will they Christ, against wanton wax to begun have they when for refuse: widows younger the But 1Tim.5:11
work. good every followed diligently have she if afflicted, the relieved have she if feet, saints' the washed have she if strangers, lodged have she if children, up brought have she if works; good for of reported Well 1Tim.5:10
man. one of wife the been having old, years threescore under number the into taken be widow a not Let 1Tim.5:9
infidel. an than worse is and faith, the denied hath he house, own his of those for specially and own, his for not provide any if But 1Tim.5:8
blameless. be may they that charge, in give things these And 1Tim.5:7
liveth. she while dead is pleasure in liveth that she But 1Tim.5:6
day. and night prayers and supplications in continueth and God, in trusteth desolate, and indeed, widow a is that she Now 1Tim.5:5
God. before acceptable and good is that for parents: their requite to and home, at piety shew to first learn them let nephews, or children have widow any if But 1Tim.5:4
indeed. widows are that widows Honour 1Tim.5:3
purity. all with sisters, as younger the mothers; as women elder The 1Tim.5:2
brethren; as men younger the and father; a as him intreat but elder, an not Rebuke 1Tim.5:1
thee. hear that them and thyself, save both shalt thou this doing in for them: in continue doctrine; the unto and thyself, unto heed Take 1Tim.4:16
all. to appear may profiting thy that them; to wholly thyself give things; these upon Meditate 1Tim.4:15
presbytery. the of hands the of on laying the with prophecy, by thee given was which thee, in is that gift the not Neglect 1Tim.4:14
doctrine. to exhortation, to reading, to attendance give come, I Till 1Tim.4:13
purity. in faith, in spirit, in charity, in conversation, in word, in believers, the of example an thou be but youth; thy despise man no Let 1Tim.4:12
teach. and command things These 1Tim.4:11
believe. that those of specially men, all of Saviour the is who God, living the in trust we because reproach, suffer and labour both we therefore For 1Tim.4:10
acceptation. all of worthy and saying faithful a is This 1Tim.4:9
come. to is which that of and is, now that life the of promise having things, all unto profitable is godliness but little: profiteth exercise bodily For 1Tim.4:8
godliness. unto rather thyself exercise and fables, wives' old and profane refuse But 1Tim.4:7
attained. hast thou whereunto doctrine, good of and faith of words the in up nourished Christ, Jesus of minister good a be shalt thou things, these of remembrance in brethren the put thou If 1Tim.4:6
prayer. and God of word the by sanctified is it For 1Tim.4:5
thanksgiving: with received be it if refused, be to nothing and good, is God of creature every For 1Tim.4:4
truth. the know and believe which them of thanksgiving with received be to created hath God which meats, from abstain to commanding and marry, to Forbidding 1Tim.4:3
iron; hot a with seared conscience their having hypocrisy; in lies Speaking 1Tim.4:2
devils; of doctrines and spirits, seducing to heed giving faith, the from depart shall some times latter the in that expressly, speaketh Spirit the Now 1Tim.4:1
glory. into up received world, the in on believed Gentiles, the unto preached angels, of seen Spirit, the in justified flesh, the in manifest was God godliness: of mystery the is great controversy without And 1Tim.3:16
truth. the of ground and pillar the God, living the of church the is which God, of house the in thyself behave to oughtest thou how know mayest thou that long, tarry I if But 1Tim.3:15
shortly: thee unto come to hoping thee, unto I write things These 1Tim.3:14
Jesus. Christ in is which faith the in boldness great and degree, good a themselves to purchase well deacon a of office the used have that they For 1Tim.3:13
well. houses own their and children their ruling wife, one of husbands the be deacons the Let 1Tim.3:12
things. all in faithful sober, slanderers, not grave, be wives their must so Even 1Tim.3:11
blameless. found being deacon, a of office the use them let then proved; be first also these let And 1Tim.3:10
conscience. pure a in faith the of mystery the Holding 1Tim.3:9
lucre; filthy of greedy not wine, much to given not doubletongued, not grave, be deacons the must Likewise 1Tim.3:8
devil. the of snare the and reproach into fall he lest without; are which them of report good a have must he Moreover 1Tim.3:7
devil. the of condemnation the into fall he pride with up lifted being lest novice, a Not 1Tim.3:6
God?) of church the of care take he shall how house, own his rule to how not know man a if (For 1Tim.3:5
gravity; all with subjection in children his having house, own his well ruleth that One 1Tim.3:4
covetous; not brawler, a not patient, but lucre; filthy of greedy not striker, no wine, to given Not 1Tim.3:3
teach; to apt hospitality, to given behaviour, good of sober, vigilant, wife, one of husband the blameless, be must then bishop A 1Tim.3:2
work. good a desireth he bishop, a of office the desire man a if saying, true a is This 1Tim.3:1
sobriety. with holiness and charity and faith in continue they if childbearing, in saved be shall she Notwithstanding 1Tim.2:15
transgression. the in was deceived being woman the but deceived, not was Adam And 1Tim.2:14
Eve. then formed, first was Adam For 1Tim.2:13
silence. in be to but man, the over authority usurp to nor teach, to woman a not suffer I But 1Tim.2:12
subjection. all with silence in learn woman the Let 1Tim.2:11
works. good with godliness) professing women becometh (which But 1Tim.2:10
array; costly or pearls, or gold, or hair, broided with not sobriety; and shamefacedness with apparel, modest in themselves adorn women that also, manner like In 1Tim.2:9
doubting. and wrath without hands, holy up lifting where, every pray men that therefore will I 1Tim.2:8
verity. and faith in Gentiles the of teacher a not;) lie and Christ, in truth the speak (I apostle, an and preacher, a ordained am I Whereunto 1Tim.2:7
time. due in testified be to all, for ransom a himself gave Who 1Tim.2:6
Jesus; Christ man the men, and God between mediator one and God, one is there For 1Tim.2:5
truth. the of knowledge the unto come to and saved, be to men all have will Who 1Tim.2:4
Saviour; our God of sight the in acceptable and good is this For 1Tim.2:3
honesty. and godliness all in life peaceable and quiet a lead may we that authority; in are that all for and kings, For 1Tim.2:2
men; all for made be thanks, of giving and intercessions, prayers, supplications, all, of first that, therefore, exhort I 1Tim.2:1
blaspheme. to not learn may they that Satan, unto delivered have I whom Alexander; and Hymenaeus is whom Of 1Tim.1:20
shipwreck: made have faith concerning away put having some which conscience; good a and faith, Holding 1Tim.1:19
warfare; good a war mightest them by thou that thee, on before went which prophecies the to according Timothy, son thee, unto commit I charge This 1Tim.1:18
Amen. ever. and ever for glory and honour be God, wise only the invisible, immortal, eternal, King the unto Now 1Tim.1:17
everlasting. life to him on believe hereafter should which them to pattern a for longsuffering, all forth shew might Christ Jesus first me in that mercy, obtained I cause this for Howbeit 1Tim.1:16
chief. am I whom of sinners; save to world the into came Jesus Christ that acceptation, all of worthy and saying, faithful a is This 1Tim.1:15
Jesus. Christ in is which love and faith with abundant exceeding was Lord our of grace the And 1Tim.1:14
unbelief. in ignorantly it did I because mercy, obtained I but injurious: and persecutor, a and blasphemer, a before was Who 1Tim.1:13
ministry; the into me putting faithful, me counted he that for me, enabled hath who Lord, our Jesus Christ thank I And 1Tim.1:12
trust. my to committed was which God, blessed the of gospel glorious the to According 1Tim.1:11
doctrine; sound to contrary is that thing other any be there if and persons, perjured for liars, for menstealers, for mankind, with themselves defile that them for whoremongers, For 1Tim.1:10
manslayers, for mothers, of murderers and fathers of murderers for profane, and unholy for sinners, for and ungodly the for disobedient, and lawless the for but man, righteous a for made not is law the that this, Knowing 1Tim.1:9
lawfully; it use man a if good, is law the that know we But 1Tim.1:8
affirm. they whereof nor say, they what neither understanding law; the of teachers be to Desiring 1Tim.1:7
jangling; vain unto aside turned have swerved having some which From 1Tim.1:6
unfeigned: faith of and conscience, good a of and heart, pure a of out charity is commandment the of end the Now 1Tim.1:5
do. so faith: in is which edifying godly than rather questions, minister which genealogies, endless and fables to heed give Neither 1Tim.1:4
doctrine, other no teach they that some charge mightest thou that Macedonia, into went I when Ephesus, at still abide to thee besought I As 1Tim.1:3
Lord. our Christ Jesus and Father our God from peace, and mercy, Grace, faith: the in son own my Timothy, Unto 1Tim.1:2
hope; our is which Christ, Jesus Lord and Saviour, our God of commandment the by Christ Jesus of apostle an Paul, 1Tim.1:1
Timothy 1
Amen. all. you with be Christ Jesus Lord our of grace The 2Thess.3:18
write. I so epistle: every in token the is which hand, own mine with Paul of salutation The 2Thess.3:17
all. you with be Lord The means. all by always peace you give himself peace of Lord the Now 2Thess.3:16
brother. a as him admonish but enemy, an as not him count Yet 2Thess.3:15
ashamed. be may he that him, with company no have and man, that note epistle, this by word our not obey man any if And 2Thess.3:14
doing. well in weary not be brethren, ye, But 2Thess.3:13
bread. own their eat and work, they quietness with that Christ, Jesus Lord our by exhort and command we such are that them Now 2Thess.3:12
busybodies. are but all, at not working disorderly, you among walk which some are there that hear we For 2Thess.3:11
eat. he should neither work, not would any if that you, commanded we this you, with were we when even For 2Thess.3:10
us. follow to you unto ensample an ourselves make to but power, not have we because Not 2Thess.3:9
you: of any to chargeable be not might we that day, and night travail and labour with wrought but nought; for bread man's any eat we did Neither 2Thess.3:8
you; among disorderly ourselves not behaved we for us: follow to ought ye how know yourselves For 2Thess.3:7
us. of received he which tradition the after not and disorderly, walketh that brother every from yourselves withdraw ye that Christ, Jesus Lord our of name the in brethren, you, command we Now 2Thess.3:6
Christ. for waiting patient the into and God, of love the into hearts your direct Lord the And 2Thess.3:5
you. command we which things the do will and do both ye that you, touching Lord the in confidence have we And 2Thess.3:4
evil. from you keep and you, stablish shall who faithful, is Lord the But 2Thess.3:3
faith. not have men all for men: wicked and unreasonable from delivered be may we that And 2Thess.3:2
you: with is it as even glorified, be and course, free have may Lord the of word the that us, for pray brethren, Finally, 2Thess.3:1
work. and word good every in you stablish and hearts, your Comfort 2Thess.2:17
grace, through hope good and consolation everlasting us given hath and us, loved hath which Father, our even God, and himself, Christ Jesus Lord our Now 2Thess.2:16
epistle. our or word, by whether taught, been have ye which traditions the hold and fast, stand brethren, Therefore, 2Thess.2:15
Christ. Jesus Lord our of glory the of obtaining the to gospel, our by you called he Whereunto 2Thess.2:14
truth: the of belief and Spirit the of sanctification through salvation to you chosen beginning the from hath God because Lord, the of beloved brethren you, for God to alway thanks give to bound are we But 2Thess.2:13
unrighteousness. in pleasure had but truth, the not believed who damned be might all they That 2Thess.2:12
lie: a believe should they that delusion, strong them send shall God cause this for And 2Thess.2:11
saved. be might they that truth, the of love the not received they because perish; that them in unrighteousness of deceivableness all with And 2Thess.2:10
wonders, lying and signs and power all with Satan of working the after is coming whose him, Even 2Thess.2:9
coming: his of brightness the with destroy shall and mouth, his of spirit the with consume shall Lord the whom revealed, be Wicked that shall then And 2Thess.2:8
way. the of out taken be he until let, will letteth now who he only work: already doth iniquity of mystery the For 2Thess.2:7
time. his in revealed be might he that withholdeth what know ye now And 2Thess.2:6
things? these you told I you, with yet was I when that, not, ye Remember 2Thess.2:5
God. is he that himself shewing God, of temple the in sitteth God as he that so worshipped; is that or God, called is that all above himself exalteth and opposeth Who 2Thess.2:4
perdition; of son the revealed, be sin of man that and first, away falling a come there except come, not shall day that for means: any by you deceive man no Let 2Thess.2:3
hand. at is Christ of day the that as us, from as letter by nor word, by nor spirit, by neither troubled, be or mind, in shaken soon not be ye That 2Thess.2:2
him, unto together gathering our by and Christ, Jesus Lord our of coming the by brethren, you, beseech we Now 2Thess.2:1
Christ. Jesus Lord the and God our of grace the to according him, in ye and you, in glorified be may Christ Jesus Lord our of name the That 2Thess.1:12
power: with faith of work the and goodness, his of pleasure good the all fulfil and calling, this of worthy you count would God our that you, for always pray we also Wherefore 2Thess.1:11
day. that in believed) was you among testimony our (because believe that them all in admired be to and saints, his in glorified be to come shall he When 2Thess.1:10
power; his of glory the from and Lord, the of presence the from destruction everlasting with punished be shall Who 2Thess.1:9
Christ: Jesus Lord our of gospel the not obey that and God, not know that them on vengeance taking fire flaming In 2Thess.1:8
angels, mighty his with heaven from revealed be shall Jesus Lord the when us, with rest troubled are who you to And 2Thess.1:7
you; trouble that them to tribulation recompense to God with thing righteous a is it Seeing 2Thess.1:6
suffer: also ye which for God, of kingdom the of worthy counted be may ye that God, of judgment righteous the of token manifest a is Which 2Thess.1:5
endure: ye that tribulations and persecutions your all in faith and patience your for God of churches the in you in glory ourselves we that So 2Thess.1:4
aboundeth; other each toward all you of one every of charity the and exceedingly, groweth faith your that because meet, is it as brethren, you, for always God thank to bound are We 2Thess.1:3
Christ. Jesus Lord the and Father our God from peace, and you, unto Grace 2Thess.1:2
Christ: Jesus Lord the and Father our God in Thessalonians the of church the unto Timotheus, and Silvanus, and Paul, 2Thess.1:1
Thessalonians 2
Amen. you. with be Christ Jesus Lord our of grace The 1Thess.5:28
brethren. holy the all unto read be epistle this that Lord the by you charge I 1Thess.5:27
kiss. holy an with brethren the all Greet 1Thess.5:26
us. for pray Brethren, 1Thess.5:25
it. do will also who you, calleth that he is Faithful 1Thess.5:24
Christ. Jesus Lord our of coming the unto blameless preserved be body and soul and spirit whole your God pray I and wholly; you sanctify peace of God very the And 1Thess.5:23
evil. of appearance all from Abstain 1Thess.5:22
good. is which that fast hold things; all Prove 1Thess.5:21
prophesyings. not Despise 1Thess.5:20
Spirit. the not Quench 1Thess.5:19
you. concerning Jesus Christ in God of will the is this for thanks: give thing every In 1Thess.5:18
ceasing. without Pray 1Thess.5:17
evermore. Rejoice 1Thess.5:16
men. all to and yourselves, among both good, is which that follow ever but man; any unto evil for evil render none that See 1Thess.5:15
men. all toward patient be weak, the support feebleminded, the comfort unruly, are that them warn brethren, you, exhort we Now 1Thess.5:14
yourselves. among peace at be And sake. work's their for love in highly very them esteem to And 1Thess.5:13
you; admonish and Lord, the in you over are and you, among labour which them know to brethren, you, beseech we And 1Thess.5:12
do. ye also as even another, one edify and together, yourselves comfort Wherefore 1Thess.5:11
him. with together live should we sleep, or wake we whether that, us, for died Who 1Thess.5:10
Christ, Jesus Lord our by salvation obtain to but wrath, to us appointed not hath God For 1Thess.5:9
salvation. of hope the helmet, an for and love; and faith of breastplate the on putting sober, be day, the of are who us, let But 1Thess.5:8
night. the in drunken are drunken be that they and night; the in sleep sleep that they For 1Thess.5:7
sober. be and watch us let but others; do as sleep, not us let Therefore 1Thess.5:6
darkness. of nor night, the of not are we day: the of children the and light, of children the all are Ye 1Thess.5:5
thief. a as you overtake should day that that darkness, in not are brethren, ye, But 1Thess.5:4
escape. not shall they and child; with woman a upon travail as them, upon cometh destruction sudden then safety; and Peace say, shall they when For 1Thess.5:3
night. the in thief a as cometh so Lord the of day the that perfectly know yourselves For 1Thess.5:2
you. unto write I that need no have ye brethren, seasons, the and times the of But 1Thess.5:1
words. these with another one comfort Wherefore 1Thess.4:18
Lord. the with be ever we shall so and air: the in Lord the meet to clouds, the in them with together up caught be shall remain and alive are which we Then 1Thess.4:17
first: rise shall Christ in dead the and God: of trump the with and archangel, the of voice the with shout, a with heaven from descend shall himself Lord the For 1Thess.4:16
asleep. are which them prevent not shall Lord the of coming the unto remain and alive are which we that Lord, the of word the by you unto say we this For 1Thess.4:15
him. with bring God will Jesus in sleep which also them so even again, rose and died Jesus that believe we if For 1Thess.4:14
hope. no have which others as even not, sorrow ye that asleep, are which them concerning brethren, ignorant, be to you have not would I But 1Thess.4:13
nothing. of lack have may ye that and without, are that them toward honestly walk may ye That 1Thess.4:12
you; commanded we as hands, own your with work to and business, own your do to and quiet, be to study ye that And 1Thess.4:11
more; and more increase ye that brethren, you, beseech we but Macedonia: all in are which brethren the all toward it do ye indeed And 1Thess.4:10
another. one love to God of taught are yourselves ye for you: unto write I that not need ye love brotherly touching as But 1Thess.4:9
Spirit. holy his us unto given also hath who God, but man, not despiseth despiseth, that therefore He 1Thess.4:8
holiness. unto but uncleanness, unto us called not hath God For 1Thess.4:7
testified. and you forewarned have also we as such, all of avenger the is Lord the that because matter: any in brother his defraud and beyond go man no That 1Thess.4:6
God: not know which Gentiles the as even concupiscence, of lust the in Not 1Thess.4:5
honour; and sanctification in vessel his possess to how know should you of one every That 1Thess.4:4
fornication: from abstain should ye that sanctification, your even God, of will the is this For 1Thess.4:3
Jesus. Lord the by you gave we commandments what know ye For 1Thess.4:2
more. and more abound would ye so God, please to and walk to ought ye how us of received have ye as that Jesus, Lord the by you exhort and brethren, you, beseech we then Furthermore 1Thess.4:1
saints. his all with Christ Jesus Lord our of coming the at Father, our even God, before holiness in unblameable hearts your stablish may he end the To 1Thess.3:13
you: toward do we as even men, all toward and another, toward one love in abound and increase to you make Lord the And 1Thess.3:12
you. unto way our direct Christ, Jesus Lord our and Father, our and himself God Now 1Thess.3:11
faith? your in lacking is which that perfect might and face, your see might we that exceedingly praying day and Night 1Thess.3:10
God; our before sakes your for joy we wherewith joy the all for you, for again God to render we can thanks what For 1Thess.3:9
Lord. the in fast stand ye if live, we now For 1Thess.3:8
faith: your by distress and affliction our all in you over comforted were we brethren, Therefore, 1Thess.3:7
you: see to also we as us, see to greatly desiring always, us of remembrance good have ye that and charity, and faith your of tidings good us brought and us, unto you from came Timotheus when now But 1Thess.3:6
vain. in be labour our and you, tempted have tempter the means some by lest faith, your know to sent I forbear, longer no could I when cause, this For 1Thess.3:5
know. ye and pass, to came it as even tribulation; suffer should we that before you told we you, with were we when verily, For 1Thess.3:4
thereunto. appointed are we that know yourselves for afflictions: these by moved be should man no That 1Thess.3:3
faith: your concerning you comfort to and you, establish to Christ, of gospel the in fellowlabourer our and God, of minister and brother, our Timotheus, sent And 1Thess.3:2
alone; Athens at left be to good it thought we forbear, longer no could we when Wherefore 1Thess.3:1
joy. and glory our are ye For 1Thess.2:20
coming? his at Christ Jesus Lord our of presence the in ye even not Are rejoicing? of crown or joy, or hope, our is what For 1Thess.2:19
us. hindered Satan but again; and once Paul, I even you, unto come have would we Wherefore 1Thess.2:18
desire. great with face your see to abundantly more the endeavoured heart, in not presence, in time short a for you from taken being brethren, we, But 1Thess.2:17
uttermost. the to them upon come is wrath the for alway: sins their up fill to saved, be might they that Gentiles the to speak to us Forbidding 1Thess.2:16
men: all to contrary are and God, not please they and us; persecuted have and prophets, own their and Jesus, Lord the killed both Who 1Thess.2:15
Jews: the of have they as even countrymen, own your of things like suffered have also ye for Jesus: Christ in are Judaea in which God of churches the of followers became brethren, ye, For 1Thess.2:14
believe. that you in also worketh effectually which God, of word the truth, in is it as but men, of word the as not it received ye us, of heard ye which God of word the received ye when because, ceasing, without God we thank also cause this For 1Thess.2:13
glory. and kingdom his unto you called hath who God, of worthy walk would ye That 1Thess.2:12
children, his doth father a as you, of one every charged and comforted and exhorted we how know ye As 1Thess.2:11
believe: that you among ourselves behaved we unblameably and justly and holily how also, God and witnesses, are Ye 1Thess.2:10
God. of gospel the you unto preached we you, of any unto chargeable be not would we because day, and night labouring for travail: and labour our brethren, remember, ye For 1Thess.2:9
us. unto dear were ye because souls, own our also but only, God of gospel the not you, unto imparted have to willing were we you, of desirous affectionately being So 1Thess.2:8
children: her cherisheth nurse a as even you, among gentle were we But 1Thess.2:7
Christ. of apostles the as burdensome, been have might we when others, of yet nor you, of neither glory, we sought men of Nor 1Thess.2:6
witness: is God covetousness; of cloke a nor know, ye as words, flattering we used time any at neither For 1Thess.2:5
hearts. our trieth which God, but men, pleasing as not speak; we so even gospel, the with trust in put be to God of allowed were we as But 1Thess.2:4
guile: in nor uncleanness, of nor deceit, of not was exhortation our For 1Thess.2:3
contention. much with God of gospel the you unto speak to God our in bold were we Philippi, at know, ye as entreated, shamefully were and before, suffered had we that after even But 1Thess.2:2
vain: in not was it that you, unto in entrance our know brethren, yourselves, For 1Thess.2:1
come. to wrath the from us delivered which Jesus, even dead, the from raised he whom heaven, from Son his for wait to And 1Thess.1:10
God; true and living the serve to idols from God to turned ye how and you, unto had we in entering of manner what us of shew themselves they For 1Thess.1:9
thing. any speak to not need we that so abroad; spread is God-ward to faith your place every in also but Achaia, and Macedonia in only not Lord the of word the out sounded you from For 1Thess.1:8
Achaia. and Macedonia in believe that all to ensamples were ye that So 1Thess.1:7
Ghost. Holy the of joy with affliction, much in word the received having Lord, the of and us, of followers became ye And 1Thess.1:6
sake. your for you among were we men of manner what know ye as assurance; much in and Ghost, Holy the in and power, in also but only, word in you unto not came gospel our For 1Thess.1:5
God. of election your beloved, brethren Knowing, 1Thess.1:4
Father; our and God of sight the in Christ, Jesus Lord our in hope of patience and love, of labour and faith, of work your ceasing without Remembering 1Thess.1:3
prayers; our in you of mention making all, you for always God to thanks give We 1Thess.1:2
Christ. Jesus Lord the and Father, our God from peace, and you, unto be Grace Christ: Jesus Lord the in and Father the God in is which Thessalonians the of church the unto Timotheus, and Silvanus, and Paul, 1Thess.1:1
Thessalonians 1
Amen. you. with be Grace bonds. my Remember Paul. me of hand the by salutation The
it. fulfil thou that Lord, the in received hast thou which ministry the to heed Take Archippus, to say And
Laodicea. from epistle the read likewise ye that and Laodiceans; the of church the in also read be it that cause you, among read is epistle this when And
house. his in is which church the and Nymphas, and Laodicea, in are which brethren the Salute
you. greet Demas, and physician, beloved the Luke,
Hierapolis. in them and Laodicea, in are that them and you, for zeal great a hath he that record, him bear I For
God. of will the all in complete and perfect stand may ye that prayers, in you for fervently labouring always you, saluteth Christ, of servant a you, of one is who Epaphras,
me. unto comfort a been have which God, of kingdom the unto fellowworkers my are only These circumcision. the of are who Justus, called is which Jesus, And
him;) receive you, unto come he if commandments: received ye whom (touching Barnabas, to son sister's Marcus, and you, saluteth fellowprisoner my Aristarchus
here. done are which things all you unto known make shall They you. of one is who brother, beloved and faithful a Onesimus, With
hearts; your comfort and estate, your know might he that purpose, same the for you unto sent have I Whom
Lord: the in fellowservant and minister faithful a and brother, beloved a is who you, unto declare Tychicus shall state my All
man. every answer to ought ye how know may ye that salt, with seasoned grace, with always be speech your Let
time. the redeeming without, are that them toward wisdom in Walk
speak. to ought I as manifest, it make may I That
bonds: in also am I which for Christ, of mystery the speak to utterance, of door a us unto open would God that us, for also praying Withal
thanksgiving; with same the in watch and prayer, in Continue
heaven. in Master a have also ye that knowing equal; and just is which that servants your unto give Masters,
persons. of respect no is there and done: hath he which wrong the for receive shall wrong doeth that he But
Christ. Lord the serve ye for inheritance: the of reward the receive shall ye Lord the of that Knowing
men; unto not and Lord, the to as heartily, it do do, ye whatsoever And
God; fearing heart, of singleness in but menpleasers; as eyeservice, with not flesh; the to according masters your things all in obey Servants,
discouraged. be they lest anger, to children your not provoke Fathers,
Lord. the unto pleasing well is this for things: all in parents your obey Children,
them. against bitter not be and wives, your love Husbands,
Lord. the in fit is it as husbands, own your unto yourselves submit Wives,
him. by Father the and God to thanks giving Jesus, Lord the of name the in all do deed, or word in do ye whatsoever And
Lord. the to hearts your in grace with singing songs, spiritual and hymns and psalms in another one admonishing and teaching wisdom; all in richly you in dwell Christ of word the Let
thankful. ye be and body; one in called are ye also which the to hearts, your in rule God of peace the let And
perfectness. of bond the is which charity, on put things these all above And
ye. do also so you, forgave Christ as even any: against quarrel a have man any if another, one forgiving and another, one Forbearing
longsuffering; meekness, mind, of humbleness kindness, mercies, of bowels beloved, and holy God, of elect the as therefore, on Put
all. in and all, is Christ but free: nor bond Scythian, Barbarian, uncircumcision, nor circumcision Jew, nor Greek neither is there Where
him: created that him of image the after knowledge in renewed is which man, new the on put have And
deeds; his with man old the off put have ye that seeing another, to one not Lie
mouth. your of out communication filthy blasphemy, malice, wrath, anger, these; all off put also ye now But
them. in lived ye when time, some walked also ye which the In
disobedience: of children the on cometh God of wrath the sake things' which For
idolatry: is which covetousness, and concupiscence, evil affection, inordinate uncleanness, fornication, earth; the upon are which members your therefore Mortify
glory. in him with appear also ye shall then appear, shall life, our is who Christ, When
God. in Christ with hid is life your and dead, are ye For
earth. the on things on not above, things on affection your Set
God. of hand right the on sitteth Christ where above, are which things those seek Christ, with risen be then ye If
flesh. the of satisfying the to honour any in not body: the of neglecting and humility, and worship, will in wisdom of shew a indeed have things Which
men? of doctrines and commandments the after using;) the with perish to are all Which
not; handle not; taste not; (Touch
ordinances, to subject ye are world, the in living though as why, world, the of rudiments the from Christ with dead be ye if Wherefore
God. of increase the with increaseth together, knit and ministered, nourishment having bands and joints by body the all which from Head, the holding not And
mind, fleshly his by up puffed vainly seen, not hath he which things those into intruding angels, of worshipping and humility voluntary a in reward your of you beguile man no Let
Christ. of is body the but come; to things of shadow a are Which
days: sabbath the of or moon, new the of or holyday, an of respect in or drink, in or meat, in you judge therefore man no Let
it. in them over triumphing openly, them of shew a made he powers, and principalities spoiled having And
cross; his to it nailing way, the of out it took and us, to contrary was which us, against was that ordinances of handwriting the out Blotting
trespasses; all you forgiven having him, with together quickened he hath flesh, your of uncircumcision the and sins your in dead being you, And
dead. the from him raised hath who God, of operation the of faith the through him with risen are ye also wherein baptism, in him with Buried
Christ: of circumcision the by flesh the of sins the of body the off putting in hands, without made circumcision the with circumcised are ye also whom In
power: and principality all of head the is which him, in complete are ye And
bodily. Godhead the of fulness the all dwelleth him in For
Christ. after not and world, the of rudiments the after men, of tradition the after deceit, vain and philosophy through you spoil man any lest Beware
thanksgiving. with therein abounding taught, been have ye as faith, the in stablished and him, in up built and Rooted
him: in ye walk so Lord, the Jesus Christ received therefore have ye As
Christ. in faith your of stedfastness the and order, your beholding and joying spirit, the in you with I am yet flesh, the in absent be I though For
words. enticing with you beguile should man any lest say, I this And
knowledge. and wisdom of treasures the all hid are whom In
Christ; of and Father, the of and God, of mystery the of acknowledgement the to understanding, of assurance full the of riches all unto and love, in together knit being comforted, be might hearts their That
flesh; the in face my seen not have as many as for and Laodicea, at them for and you, for have I conflict great what knew ye that would I For
mightily. me in worketh which working, his to according striving labour, also I Whereunto
Jesus: Christ in perfect man every present may we that wisdom; all in man every teaching and man, every warning preach, we Whom
glory: of hope the you, in Christ is which Gentiles; the among mystery this of glory the of riches the is what known make would God whom To
saints: his to manifest made is now but generations, from and ages from hid been hath which mystery the Even
God; of word the fulfil to you, for me to given is which God of dispensation the to according minister, a made am I Whereof
church: the is which sake, body's his for flesh my in Christ of afflictions the of behind is which that up fill and you, for sufferings my in rejoice now Who
minister; a made am Paul I whereof heaven; under is which creature every to preached was which and heard, have ye which gospel, the of hope the from away moved not be and settled, and grounded faith the in continue ye If
sight: his in unreproveable and unblameable and holy you present to death, through flesh his of body the In
reconciled he hath now yet works, wicked by mind your in enemies and alienated sometime were that you, And
heaven. in things or earth, in things be they whether say, I him, by himself; unto things all reconcile to him by cross, his of blood the through peace made having And,
dwell; fulness all should him in that Father the pleased it For
preeminence. the have might he things all in that dead; the from firstborn the beginning, the is who church: the body, the of head the is he And
consist. things all him by and things, all before is he And
him: for and him, by created were things all powers: or principalities, or dominions, or thrones, be they whether invisible, and visible earth, in are that and heaven, in are that created, things all were him by For
creature: every of firstborn the God, invisible the of image the is Who
sins: of forgiveness the even blood, his through redemption have we whom In
Son: dear his of kingdom the into us translated hath and darkness, of power the from us delivered hath Who
light: in saints the of inheritance the of partakers be to meet us made hath which Father, the unto thanks Giving
joyfulness; with longsuffering and patience all unto power, glorious his to according might, all with Strengthened
God; of knowledge the in increasing and work, good every in fruitful being pleasing, all unto Lord the of worthy walk might ye That
understanding; spiritual and wisdom all in will his of knowledge the with filled be might ye that desire to and you, for pray to cease not do it, heard we day the since also, we cause this For
Spirit. the in love your us unto declared also Who
Christ; of minister faithful a you for is who fellowservant, dear our Epaphras of learned also ye As
truth: in God of grace the knew and it, of heard ye day the since you, in also doth it as fruit, forth bringeth and world; the all in is it as you, unto come is Which
gospel; the of truth the of word the in before heard ye whereof heaven, in you for up laid is which hope the For
saints, the all to have ye which love the of and Jesus, Christ in faith your of heard we Since
you, for always praying Christ, Jesus Lord our of Father the and God to thanks give We
Christ. Jesus Lord the and Father our God from peace, and you, unto be Grace Colosse: at are which Christ in brethren faithful and saints the To
brother, our Timotheus and God, of will the by Christ Jesus of apostle an Paul,
Colossians
Amen. all. you with be Christ Jesus Lord our of grace The
household. Caesar's of are that they chiefly you, salute saints the All
you. greet me with are which brethren The Jesus. Christ in saint every Salute
Amen. ever. and ever for glory be Father our and God unto Now
Jesus. Christ by glory in riches his to according need your all supply shall God my But
God. to wellpleasing acceptable, sacrifice a smell, sweet a of odour an you, from sent were which things the Epaphroditus of received having full, am I abound: and all, have I But
account. your to abound may that fruit desire I but gift: a desire I because Not
necessity. my unto again and once sent ye Thessalonica in even For
only. ye but receiving, and giving concerning as me with communicated church no Macedonia, from departed I when gospel, the of beginning the in that also, know Philippians ye Now
affliction. my with communicate did ye that done, well have ye Notwithstanding
me. strengtheneth which Christ through things all do can I
need. suffer to and abound to both hungry, be to and full be to both instructed am I things all in and where every abound: to how know I and abased, be to how both know I
content. be to therewith am, I state whatsoever in learned, have I for want: of respect in speak I that Not
opportunity. lacked ye but careful, also were ye wherein again; flourished hath me of care your last the at now that greatly, Lord the in rejoiced I But
you. with be shall peace of God the and do: me, in seen and heard, and received, and learned, both have ye which things, Those
things. these on think praise, any be there if and virtue, any be there if report; good of are things whatsoever lovely, are things whatsoever pure, are things whatsoever just, are things whatsoever honest, are things whatsoever true, are things whatsoever brethren, Finally,
Jesus. Christ through minds and hearts your keep shall understanding, all passeth which God, of peace the And
God. unto known made be requests your let thanksgiving with supplication and prayer by thing every in but nothing; for careful Be
hand. at is Lord The men. all unto known be moderation your Let
Rejoice. say, I again and always: Lord the in Rejoice
life. of book the in are names whose fellowlabourers, my other with and also, Clement with gospel, the in me with laboured which women those help yokefellow, true also, thee intreat I And
Lord. the in mind same the of be they that Syntyche, beseech and Euodias, beseech I
beloved. dearly my Lord, the in fast stand so crown, and joy my for, longed and beloved dearly brethren my Therefore,
himself. unto things all subdue to even able is he whereby working the to according body, glorious his unto like fashioned be may it that body, vile our change shall Who
Christ: Jesus Lord the Saviour, the for look we also whence from heaven; in is conversation our For
things.) earthly mind who shame, their in is glory whose and belly, their is God whose destruction, is end Whose
Christ: of cross the of enemies the are they that weeping, even you tell now and often, you told have I whom of walk, many (For
ensample. an for us have ye as so walk which them mark and me, of together followers be Brethren,
thing. same the mind us let rule, same the by walk us let attained, already have we whereto Nevertheless,
you. unto this even reveal shall God minded, otherwise be ye thing any in if and minded: thus be perfect, be as many as therefore, us Let
Jesus. Christ in God of calling high the of prize the for mark the toward press I
before, are which things those unto forth reaching and behind, are which things those forgetting do, I thing one this but apprehended: have to myself not count I Brethren,
Jesus. Christ of apprehended am I also which for that apprehend may I that if after, follow I but perfect: already were either attained, already had I though as Not
dead. the of resurrection the unto attain might I means any by If
death; his unto conformable made being sufferings, his of fellowship the and resurrection, his of power the and him, know may I That
faith: by God of is which righteousness the Christ, of faith the through is which that but law, the of is which righteousness, own mine having not him, in found be And
Christ, win may I that dung, but them count do and things, all of loss the suffered have I whom for Lord: my Jesus Christ of knowledge the of excellency the for loss but things all count I and doubtless, Yea
Christ. for loss counted I those me, to gain were things what But
blameless. law, the in is which righteousness the touching church; the persecuting zeal, Concerning
Pharisee; a law, the touching as Hebrews; the of Hebrew an Benjamin, of tribe the of Israel, of stock the of day, eighth the Circumcised
more: I flesh, the in trust might he whereof hath he that thinketh man other any If flesh. the in confidence have also might I Though
flesh. the in confidence no have and Jesus, Christ in rejoice and spirit, the in God worship which circumcision, the are we For
concision. the of beware workers, evil of beware dogs, of Beware
safe. is it you for but grievous, not is indeed me to you, to things same the write To Lord. the in rejoice brethren, my Finally,
me. toward service of lack your supply to life, his regarding not death, unto nigh was he Christ of work the for Because
reputation: in such hold and gladness; all with Lord the in therefore him Receive
sorrowful. less the be may I that and rejoice, may ye again, him see ye when that, carefully, more the therefore him sent I
sorrow. upon sorrow have should I lest also, me on but only, him on not and him; on mercy had God but death: unto nigh sick was he indeed For
sick. been had he that heard had ye that because heaviness, of full was and all, you after longed he For
wants. my to ministered that he and messenger, your but fellowsoldier, and labour, in companion and brother, my Epaphroditus, you to send to necessary it supposed I Yet
shortly. come shall myself also I that Lord the in trust I But
me. with go will it how see shall I as soon so presently, send to hope I therefore Him
gospel. the in me with served hath he father, the with son a as that, him, of proof the know ye But
Christ's. Jesus are which things the not own, their seek all For
state. your for care naturally will who likeminded, man no have I For
state. your know I when comfort, good of be may also I that you, unto shortly Timotheus send to Jesus Lord the in trust I But
me. with rejoice and joy, ye do also cause same the For
all. you with rejoice and joy, I faith, your of service and sacrifice the upon offered be I if and Yea,
vain. in laboured neither vain, in run not have I that Christ, of day the in rejoice may I that life; of word the forth Holding
world; the in lights as shine ye whom among nation, perverse and crooked a of midst the in rebuke, without God, of sons the harmless, and blameless be may ye That
disputings: and murmurings without things all Do
pleasure. good his of do to and will to both you in worketh which God is it For
trembling. and fear with salvation own your out work absence, my in more much now but only, presence my in as not obeyed, always have ye as beloved, my Wherefore,
Father. the God of glory the to Lord, is Christ Jesus that confess should tongue every that And
earth; the under things and earth, in things and heaven, in things of bow, should knee every Jesus of name the at That
name: every above is which name a him given and him, exalted highly hath also God Wherefore
cross. the of death the even death, unto obedient became and himself, humbled he man, a as fashion in found being And
men: of likeness the in made was and servant, a of form the him upon took and reputation, no of himself made But
God: with equal be to robbery not it thought God, of form the in being Who,
Jesus: Christ in also was which you, in be mind this Let
others. of things the on also man every but things, own his on man every not Look
themselves. than better other esteem each let mind of lowliness in but vainglory; or strife through done be nothing Let
mind. one of accord, one of being love, same the having likeminded, be ye that joy, my ye Fulfil
mercies, and bowels any if Spirit, the of fellowship any if love, of comfort any if Christ, in consolation any therefore be there If
me. in be to hear now and me, in saw ye which conflict same the Having
sake; his for suffer to also but him, on believe to only not Christ, of behalf the in given is it you unto For
God. of that and salvation, of you to but perdition, of token evident an them to is which adversaries: your by terrified nothing in And
gospel; the of faith the for together striving mind one with spirit, one in fast stand ye that affairs, your of hear may I absent, be else or you, see and come I whether that Christ: of gospel the becometh it as be conversation your let Only
again. you to coming my by me for Christ Jesus in abundant more be may rejoicing your That
faith; of joy and furtherance your for all you with continue and abide shall I that know I confidence, this having And
you. for needful more is flesh the in abide to Nevertheless
better: far is which Christ; with be to and depart, to desire a having two, betwixt strait a in am I For
not. wot I choose shall I what yet labour: my of fruit the is this flesh, the in live I if But
gain. is die to and Christ, is live to me to For
death. by or life, by be it whether body, my in magnified be shall Christ also now so always, as boldness, all with that but ashamed, be shall I nothing in that hope, my and expectation earnest my to According
Christ, Jesus of Spirit the of supply the and prayer, your through salvation my to turn shall this that know I For
rejoice. will and yea, rejoice, do therein I and preached; is Christ truth, in or pretence, in whether way, every notwithstanding, then? What
gospel. the of defence the for set am I that knowing love, of other the But
bonds: my to affliction add to supposing sincerely, not contention, of Christ preach one The
will: good of also some and strife; and envy of even Christ preach indeed Some
fear. without word the speak to bold more much are bonds, my by confident waxing Lord, the in brethren the of many And
places; other all in and palace, the all in manifest are Christ in bonds my that So
gospel; the of furtherance the unto rather out fallen have me unto happened which things the that brethren, understand, should ye would I But
God. of praise and glory the unto Christ, Jesus by are which righteousness, of fruits the with filled Being
Christ. of day the till offence without and sincere be may ye that excellent; are that things approve may ye That
judgment; all in and knowledge in more and more yet abound may love your that pray, I this And
Christ. Jesus of bowels the in all you after long I greatly how record, my is God For
grace. my of partakers are all ye gospel, the of confirmation and defence the in and bonds, my in both as inasmuch heart; my in you have I because all, you of this think to me for meet is it as Even
Christ: Jesus of day the until it perform will you in work good a begun hath which he that thing, very this of confident Being
now; until day first the from gospel the in fellowship your For
joy, with request making all you for mine of prayer every in Always
you, of remembrance every upon God my thank I
Christ. Jesus Lord the from and Father, our God from peace, and you, unto be Grace
deacons: and bishops the with Philippi, at are which Jesus Christ in saints the all to Christ, Jesus of servants the Timotheus, and Paul
Philippians
Amen. sincerity. in Christ Jesus Lord our love that them all with be Grace
Christ. Jesus Lord the and Father the God from faith, with love and brethren, the to be Peace
hearts. your comfort might he that and affairs, our know might ye that purpose, same the for you unto sent have I Whom
things: all you to known make shall Lord, the in minister faithful and brother beloved a Tychicus, do, I how and affairs, my know may also ye that But
speak. to ought I as boldly, speak may I therein that bonds: in ambassador an am I which For
gospel, the of mystery the known make to boldly, mouth my open may I that me, unto given be may utterance that me, for And
saints; all for supplication and perseverance all with thereunto watching and Spirit, the in supplication and prayer all with always Praying
God: of word the is which Spirit, the of sword the and salvation, of helmet the take And
wicked. the of darts fiery the all quench to able be shall ye wherewith faith, of shield the taking all, Above
peace; of gospel the of preparation the with shod feet your And
righteousness; of breastplate the on having and truth, with about girt loins your having therefore, Stand
stand. to all, done having and day, evil the in withstand to able be may ye that God, of armour whole the you unto take Wherefore
places. high in wickedness spiritual against world, this of darkness the of rulers the against powers, against principalities, against but blood, and flesh against not wrestle we For
devil. the of wiles the against stand to able be may ye that God, of armour whole the on Put
might. his of power the in and Lord, the in strong be brethren, my Finally,
him. with persons of respect there is neither heaven; in is also Master your that knowing threatening: forbearing them, unto things same the do masters, ye And,
free. or bond be he whether Lord, the of receive he shall same the doeth, man any thing good whatsoever that Knowing
men: to not and Lord, the to as service, doing will good With
heart; the from God of will the doing Christ, of servants the as but menpleasers; as eyeservice, with Not
Christ; unto as heart, your of singleness in trembling, and fear with flesh, the to according masters your are that them to obedient be Servants,
Lord. the of admonition and nurture the in up them bring but wrath: to children your not provoke fathers, ye And,
earth. the on long live mayest thou and thee, with well be may it That
promise; with commandment first the is which mother; and father thy Honour
right. is this for Lord: the in parents your obey Children,
husband. her reverence she that see wife the and himself; as even wife his love so particular in you of one every let Nevertheless
church. the and Christ concerning speak I but mystery: great a is This
flesh. one be shall two they and wife, his unto joined be shall and mother, and father his leave man a shall cause this For
bones. his of and flesh, his of body, his of members are we For
church: the Lord the as even it, cherisheth and nourisheth but flesh; own his hated yet ever man no For
himself. loveth wife his loveth that He bodies. own their as wives their love to men ought So
blemish. without and holy be should it that but thing; such any or wrinkle, or spot, having not church, glorious a himself to it present might he That
word, the by water of washing the with it cleanse and sanctify might he That
it; for himself gave and church, the loved also Christ as even wives, your love Husbands,
thing. every in husbands own their to be wives the let so Christ, unto subject is church the as Therefore
body. the of saviour the is he and church: the of head the is Christ as even wife, the of head the is husband the For
Lord. the unto as husbands, own your unto yourselves submit Wives,
God. of fear the in another to one yourselves Submitting
Christ; Jesus Lord our of name the in Father the and God unto things all for always thanks Giving
Lord; the to heart your in melody making and singing songs, spiritual and hymns and psalms in yourselves to Speaking
Spirit; the with filled be but excess; is wherein wine, with drunk not be And
is. Lord the of will the what understanding but unwise, not ye be Wherefore
evil. are days the because time, the Redeeming
wise, as but fools, as not circumspectly, walk ye that then See
light. thee give shall Christ and dead, the from arise and sleepest, that thou Awake saith, he Wherefore
light. is manifest make doth whatsoever for light: the by manifest made are reproved are that things all But
secret. in them of done are which things those of speak to even shame a is it For
them. reprove rather but darkness, of works unfruitful the with fellowship no have And
Lord. the unto acceptable is what Proving
truth;) and righteousness and goodness all in is Spirit the of fruit the (For
light: of children as walk Lord: the in light ye are now but darkness, sometimes were ye For
them. with partakers therefore ye not Be
disobedience. of children the upon God of wrath the cometh things these of because for words: vain with you deceive man no Let
God. of and Christ of kingdom the in inheritance any hath idolater, an is who man, covetous nor person, unclean nor whoremonger, no that know, ye this For
thanks. of giving rather but convenient: not are which jesting, nor talking, foolish nor filthiness, Neither
saints; becometh as you, among named once be not it let covetousness, or uncleanness, all and fornication, But
savour. sweetsmelling a for God to sacrifice a and offering an us for himself given hath and us, loved hath also Christ as love, in walk And
children; dear as God, of followers therefore ye Be
you. forgiven hath sake Christ's for God as even another, one forgiving tenderhearted, another, to one kind ye be And
malice: all with you, from away put be speaking, evil and clamour, and anger, and wrath, and bitterness, all Let
redemption. of day the unto sealed are ye whereby God, of Spirit holy the not grieve And
hearers. the unto grace minister may it that edifying, of use the to good is which that but mouth, your of out proceed communication corrupt no Let
needeth. that him to give to have may he that good, is which thing the hands his with working labour, him let rather but more: no steal stole that him Let
devil. the to place give Neither
wrath: your upon down go sun the not let not: sin and angry, ye Be
another. of one members are we for neighbour: his with truth man every speak lying, away putting Wherefore
holiness. true and righteousness in created is God after which man, new the on put ye that And
mind; your of spirit the in renewed be And
lusts; deceitful the to according corrupt is which man, old the conversation former the concerning off put ye That
Jesus: in is truth the as him, by taught been have and him, heard have ye that be so If
Christ; learned so not have ye But
greediness. with uncleanness all work to lasciviousness, unto over themselves given have feeling past being Who
heart: their of blindness the of because them, in is that ignorance the through God of life the from alienated being darkened, understanding the Having
mind, their of vanity the in walk, Gentiles other as not walk henceforth ye that Lord, the in testify and therefore, say I This
love. in itself of edifying the unto body the of increase maketh part, every of measure the in working effectual the to according supplieth, joint every which that by compacted and together joined fitly body whole the whom From
Christ: even head, the is which things, all in him into up grow may love, in truth the speaking But
deceive; to wait in lie they whereby craftiness, cunning and men, of sleight the by doctrine, of wind every with about carried and fro, and to tossed children, more no be henceforth we That
Christ: of fulness the of stature the of measure the unto man, perfect a unto God, of Son the of knowledge the of and faith, the of unity the in come all we Till
Christ: of body the of edifying the for ministry, the of work the for saints, the of perfecting the For
teachers; and pastors some, and evangelists; some, and prophets; some, and apostles; some, gave he And
things.) all fill might he that heavens, all above far up ascended that also same the is descended that He
earth? the of parts lower the into first descended also he that but it is what ascended, he that (Now
men. unto gifts gave and captive, captivity led he high, on up ascended he When saith, he Wherefore
Christ. of gift the of measure the to according grace given is us of one every unto But
all. you in and all, through and all, above is who all, of Father and God One
baptism, one faith, one Lord, One
calling; your of hope one in called are ye as even Spirit, one and body, one is There
peace. of bond the in Spirit the of unity the keep to Endeavouring
love; in another one forbearing longsuffering, with meekness, and lowliness all With
called, are ye wherewith vocation the of worthy walk ye that you beseech Lord, the of prisoner the therefore, I
Amen. end. without world ages, all throughout Jesus Christ by church the in glory be him Unto
us, in worketh that power the to according think, or ask we that all above abundantly exceeding do to able is that him unto Now
God. of fulness the all with filled be might ye that knowledge, passeth which Christ, of love the know to And
height; and depth, and length, and breadth, the is what saints all with comprehend to able be May
love, in grounded and rooted being ye, that faith; by hearts your in dwell may Christ That
man; inner the in Spirit his by might with strengthened be to glory, his of riches the to according you, grant would he That
named, is earth and heaven in family whole the whom Of
Christ, Jesus Lord our of Father the unto knees my bow I cause this For
glory. your is which you, for tribulations my at not faint ye that desire I Wherefore
him. of faith the by confidence with access and boldness have we whom In
Lord: our Jesus Christ in purposed he which purpose eternal the to According
God, of wisdom manifold the church the by known be might places heavenly in powers and principalities the unto now that intent the To
Christ: Jesus by things all created who God, in hid been hath world the of beginning the from which mystery, the of fellowship the is what see men all make to And
Christ; of riches unsearchable the Gentiles the among preach should I that given, grace this is saints, all of least the than less am who me, Unto
power. his of working effectual the by me unto given God of grace the of gift the to according minister, a made was I Whereof
gospel: the by Christ in promise his of partakers and body, same the of and fellowheirs, be should Gentiles the That
Spirit; the by prophets and apostles holy his unto revealed now is it as men, of sons the unto known made not was ages other in Which
Christ) of mystery the in knowledge my understand may ye read, ye when Whereby,
words, few in afore wrote I (as mystery; the me unto known made he revelation by that How
you-ward: to me given is which God of grace the of dispensation the of heard have ye If
Gentiles, you for Christ Jesus of prisoner the Paul, I cause this For
Spirit. the through God of habitation an for together builded are also ye whom In
Lord: the in temple holy an unto groweth together framed fitly building the all whom In
stone; corner chief the being himself Christ Jesus prophets, and apostles the of foundation the upon built are And
God; of household the of and saints, the with fellowcitizens but foreigners, and strangers more no are ye therefore Now
Father. the unto Spirit one by access have both we him through For
nigh. were that them to and off, afar were which you to peace preached and came And
thereby: enmity the slain having cross, the by body one in God unto both reconcile might he that And
peace; making so man, new one twain of himself in make to for ordinances; in contained commandments of law the even enmity, the flesh his in abolished Having
us; between partition of wall middle the down broken hath and one, both made hath who peace, our is he For
Christ. of blood the by nigh made are off far were sometimes who ye Jesus Christ in now But
world: the in God without and hope, no having promise, of covenants the from strangers and Israel, of commonwealth the from aliens being Christ, without were ye time that at That
hands; by made flesh the in Circumcision the called is which that by Uncircumcision called are who flesh, the in Gentiles past time in being ye that remember, Wherefore
them. in walk should we that ordained before hath God which works, good unto Jesus Christ in created workmanship, his are we For
boast. should man any lest works, of Not
God: of gift the is it yourselves: of not that and faith; through saved ye are grace by For
Jesus. Christ through us toward kindness his in grace his of riches exceeding the shew might he come to ages the in That
Jesus: Christ in places heavenly in together sit us made and together, up us raised hath And
saved;) are ye grace (by Christ, with together us quickened hath sins, in dead were we when Even
us, loved he wherewith love great his for mercy, in rich is who God, But
others. as even wrath, of children the nature by were and mind; the of and flesh the of desires the fulfilling flesh, our of lusts the in past times in conversation our had all we also whom Among
disobedience: of children the in worketh now that spirit the air, the of power the of prince the to according world, this of course the to according walked ye past time in Wherein
sins; and trespasses in dead were who quickened, he hath you And
all. in all filleth that him of fulness the body, his is Which
church, the to things all over head the be to him gave and feet, his under things all put hath And
come: to is which that in also but world, this in only not named, is that name every and dominion, and might, and power, and principality, all above Far
places, heavenly the in hand right own his at him set and dead, the from him raised he when Christ, in wrought he Which
power, mighty his of working the to according believe, who us-ward to power his of greatness exceeding the is what And
saints, the in inheritance his of glory the of riches the what and calling, his of hope the is what know may ye that enlightened; being understanding your of eyes The
him: of knowledge the in revelation and wisdom of spirit the you unto give may glory, of Father the Christ, Jesus Lord our of God the That
prayers; my in you of mention making you, for thanks give to not Cease
saints, the all unto love and Jesus, Lord the in faith your of heard I after also, I Wherefore
glory. his of praise the unto possession, purchased the of redemption the until inheritance our of earnest the is Which
promise, of Spirit holy that with sealed were ye believed, ye that after also whom in salvation: your of gospel the truth, of word the heard ye that after trusted, also ye whom In
Christ. in trusted first who glory, his of praise the to be should we That
will: own his of counsel the after things all worketh who him of purpose the to according predestinated being inheritance, an obtained have we also whom In
him: in even earth; on are which and heaven, in are which both Christ, in things all one in together gather might he times of fulness the of dispensation the in That
himself: in purposed hath he which pleasure good his to according will, his of mystery the us unto known made Having
prudence; and wisdom all in us toward abounded hath he Wherein
grace; his of riches the to according sins, of forgiveness the blood, his through redemption have we whom In
beloved. the in accepted us made hath he wherein grace, his of glory the of praise the To
will, his of pleasure good the to according himself, to Christ Jesus by children of adoption the unto us predestinated Having
love: in him before blame without and holy be should we that world, the of foundation the before him in us chosen hath he as According
Christ: in places heavenly in blessings spiritual all with us blessed hath who Christ, Jesus Lord our of Father and God the be Blessed
Christ. Jesus Lord the from and Father, our God from peace, and you, to be Grace
Jesus: Christ in faithful the to and Ephesus, at are which saints the to God, of will the by Christ Jesus of apostle an Paul,
Ephesians
Amen. spirit. your with be Christ Jesus Lord our of grace the Brethren,
Jesus. Lord the of marks the body my in bear I for me: trouble man no let henceforth From
God. of Israel the upon and mercy, and them, on be peace rule, this to according walk as many as And
creature. new a but uncircumcision, nor thing, any availeth circumcision neither Jesus Christ in For
world. the unto I and me, unto crucified is world the whom by Christ, Jesus Lord our of cross the in save glory, should I that forbid God But
flesh. your in glory may they that circumcised, you have to desire but law; the keep circumcised are who themselves they neither For
Christ. of cross the for persecution suffer should they lest only circumcised; be to you constrain they flesh, the in shew fair a make to desire as many As
hand. own mine with you unto written have I letter a large how see Ye
faith. of household the of are who them unto especially men, all unto good do us let opportunity, therefore have we As
not. faint we if reap, shall we season due in for doing: well in weary be not us let And
everlasting. life reap Spirit the of shall Spirit the to soweth that he but corruption; reap flesh the of shall flesh his to soweth that he For
reap. also he shall that soweth, man a whatsoever for mocked: not is God deceived; not Be
things. good all in teacheth that him unto communicate word the in taught is that him Let
burden. own his bear shall man every For
another. in not and alone, himself in rejoicing have he shall then and work, own his prove man every let But
himself. deceiveth he nothing, is he when something, be to himself think man a if For
Christ. of law the fulfil so and burdens, another's one ye Bear
tempted. be also thou lest thyself, considering meekness; of spirit the in one an such restore spiritual, are which ye fault, a in overtaken be man a if Brethren,
another. one envying another, one provoking glory, vain of desirous be not us Let
Spirit. the in walk also us let Spirit, the in live we If
lusts. and affections the with flesh the crucified have Christ's are that they And
law. no is there such against temperance: Meekness,
faith, goodness, gentleness, longsuffering, peace, joy, love, is Spirit the of fruit the But
God. of kingdom the inherit not shall things such do which they that past, time in you told also have I as before, you tell I which the of like: such and revellings, drunkenness, murders, Envyings,
heresies, seditions, strife, wrath, emulations, variance, hatred, witchcraft, Idolatry,
lasciviousness, uncleanness, fornication, Adultery, these; are which manifest, are flesh the of works the Now
law. the under not are ye Spirit, the of led be ye if But
would. ye that things the do cannot ye that so other: the to one the contrary are these and flesh: the against Spirit the and Spirit, the against lusteth flesh the For
flesh. the of lust the fulfil not shall ye and Spirit, the in Walk then, say I This
another. of one consumed not be ye that heed take another, one devour and bite ye if But
thyself. as neighbour thy love shalt Thou this; in even word, one in fulfilled is law the all For
another. one serve love by but flesh, the to occasion an for liberty not use only liberty; unto called been have ye brethren, For,
you. trouble which off cut even were they would I
ceased. cross the of offence the is then persecution? suffer yet I do why circumcision, preach yet I if brethren, I, And
be. he whosoever judgment, his bear shall you troubleth that he but minded: otherwise none be will ye that Lord, the through you in confidence have I
lump. whole the leaveneth leaven little A
you. calleth that him of not cometh persuasion This
truth? the obey not should ye that you hinder did who well; run did Ye
love. by worketh which faith but uncircumcision; nor thing, any availeth circumcision neither Christ Jesus in For
faith. by righteousness of hope the for wait Spirit the through we For
grace. from fallen are ye law; the by justified are you of whosoever you, unto effect no of become is Christ
law. whole the do to debtor a is he that circumcised, is that man every to again testify I For
nothing. you profit shall Christ circumcised, be ye if that you, unto say Paul I Behold,
bondage. of yoke the with again entangled not be and free, us made hath Christ wherewith liberty the in therefore fast Stand
free. the of but bondwoman, the of children not are we brethren, then, So
freewoman. the of son the with heir be not shall bondwoman the of son the for son: her and bondwoman the out Cast scripture? the saith what Nevertheless
now. is it so even Spirit, the after born was that him persecuted flesh the after born was that he then as But
promise. of children the are was, Isaac as brethren, we, Now
husband. an hath which she than children more many hath desolate the for not: travailest that thou cry, and forth break not; bearest that barren thou Rejoice, written, is it For
all. us of mother the is which free, is above is which Jerusalem But
children. her with bondage in is and is, now which Jerusalem to answereth and Arabia, in Sinai mount is Agar this For
Agar. is which bondage, to gendereth which Sinai, mount the from one the covenants; two the are these for allegory: an are things Which
promise. by was freewoman the of he but flesh; the after born was bondwoman the of was who he But
freewoman. a by other the bondmaid, a by one the sons, two had Abraham that written, is it For
law? the hear not ye do law, the under be to desire that ye me, Tell
you. of doubt in stand I for voice; my change to and now, you with present be to desire I
you, in formed be Christ until again birth in travail I whom of children, little My
you. with present am I when only not and thing, good a in always affected zealously be to good is it But
them. affect might ye that you, exclude would they yea, well; not but you, affect zealously They
truth? the you tell I because enemy, your become therefore I Am
me. to them given have and eyes, own your out plucked have would ye possible, been had it if that, record, you bear I for of? spake ye blessedness the then is Where
Jesus. Christ as even God, of angel an as me received but rejected; nor not, despised ye flesh my in was which temptation my And
first. the at you unto gospel the preached I flesh the of infirmity through how know Ye
all. at me injured not have ye are: ye as am I for am; I as be you, beseech I Brethren,
vain. in labour you upon bestowed have I lest you, of afraid am I
years. and times, and months, and days, observe Ye
bondage? in be to again desire ye whereunto elements, beggarly and weak the to again ye turn how God, of known are rather or God, known have ye that after now, But
gods. no are nature by which them unto service did ye God, not knew ye when then, Howbeit
Christ. through God of heir an then son, a if and son; a but servant, a more no art thou Wherefore
Father. Abba, crying, hearts, your into Son his of Spirit the forth sent hath God sons, are ye because And
sons. of adoption the receive might we that law, the under were that them redeem To
law, the under made woman, a of made Son, his forth sent God come, was time the of fulness the when But
world: the of elements the under bondage in were children, were we when we, so Even
father. the of appointed time the until governors and tutors under is But
all; of lord be he though servant, a from nothing differeth child, a is he as long as heir, the That say, I Now
promise. the to according heirs and seed, Abraham's ye are then Christ's, be ye if And
Jesus. Christ in one all are ye for female: nor male neither is there free, nor bond neither is there Greek, nor Jew neither is There
Christ. on put have Christ into baptized been have as you of many as For
Jesus. Christ in faith by God of children the all are ye For
schoolmaster. a under longer no are we come, is faith that after But
faith. by justified be might we that Christ, unto us bring to schoolmaster our was law the Wherefore
revealed. be afterwards should which faith the unto up shut law, the under kept were we came, faith before But
believe. that them to given be might Christ Jesus of faith by promise the that sin, under all concluded hath scripture the But
law. the by been have should righteousness verily life, given have could which given law a been had there if for forbid: God God? of promises the against then law the Is
one. is God but one, of mediator a not is mediator a Now
mediator. a of hand the in angels by ordained was it and made; was promise the whom to come should seed the till transgressions, of because added was It law? the serveth then Wherefore
promise. by Abraham to it gave God but promise: of more no is it law, the of be inheritance the if For
effect. none of promise the make should it that disannul, cannot after, years thirty and hundred four was which law, the Christ, in God of before confirmed was that covenant, the that say, I this And
Christ. is which seed, thy to And one, of as but many; of as seeds, to And not, saith He made. promises the were seed his and Abraham to Now
thereto. addeth or disannulleth, man no confirmed, be it if yet covenant, man's a but be it Though men; of manner the after speak I Brethren,
faith. through Spirit the of promise the receive might we that Christ; Jesus through Gentiles the on come might Abraham of blessing the That
tree: a on hangeth that one every is Cursed written, is it for us: for curse a made being law, the of curse the from us redeemed hath Christ
them. in live shall them doeth that man The but, faith: of not is law the And
faith. by live shall just The for, evident: is it God, of sight the in law the by justified is man no that But
them. do to law the of book the in written are which things all in not continueth that one every is Cursed written, is it for curse: the under are law the of works the of are as many as For
Abraham. faithful with blessed are faith of be which they then So
blessed. be nations all shall thee In saying, Abraham, unto gospel the before preached faith, through heathen the justify would God that foreseeing scripture, the And
Abraham. of children the are same the faith, of are which they that therefore ye Know
righteousness. for him to accounted was it and God, believed Abraham as Even
faith? of hearing the by or law, the of works the by it he doeth you, among miracles worketh and Spirit, the you to ministereth that therefore He
vain. in yet be it if vain? in things many so suffered ye Have
flesh? the by perfect made now ye are Spirit, the in begun having foolish? so ye Are
faith? of hearing the by or law, the of works the by Spirit the ye Received you, of learn I would only This
you? among crucified forth, set evidently been hath Christ Jesus eyes whose before truth, the obey not should ye that you, bewitched hath who Galatians, foolish O
vain. in dead is Christ then law, the by come righteousness if for God: of grace the frustrate not do I
me. for himself gave and me, loved who God, of Son the of faith the by live I flesh the in live now I which life the and me: in liveth Christ but I, not yet live; I nevertheless Christ: with crucified am I
God. unto live might I that law, the to dead am law the through I For
transgressor. a myself make I destroyed, I which things the again build I if For
forbid. God sin? of minister the Christ therefore is sinners, found are also ourselves we Christ, by justified be to seek we while if, But
justified. be flesh no shall law the of works the by for law: the of works the by not and Christ, of faith the by justified be might we that Christ, Jesus in believed have we even Christ, Jesus of faith the by but law, the of works the by justified not is man a that Knowing
Gentiles, the of sinners not and nature, by Jews are who We
Jews? the do as live to Gentiles the thou compellest why Jews, the do as not and Gentiles, of manner the after livest Jew, a being thou, If all, them before Peter unto said I gospel, the of truth the to according uprightly not walked they that saw I when But
dissimulation. their with away carried was also Barnabas that insomuch him; with likewise dissembled Jews other the And
circumcision. the of were which them fearing himself, separated and withdrew he come, were they when but Gentiles: the with eat did he James, from came certain that before For
blamed. be to was he because face, the to him withstood I Antioch, to come was Peter when But
do. to forward was also I which same the poor; the remember should we that would they Only
circumcision. the unto they and heathen, the unto go should we that fellowship; of hands right the Barnabas and me to gave they me, unto given was that grace the perceived pillars, be to seemed who John, and Cephas, James, when And
Gentiles:) the toward me in mighty was same the circumcision, the of apostleship the to Peter in effectually wrought that he (For
Peter; unto was circumcision the of gospel the as me, unto committed was uncircumcision the of gospel the that saw they when contrariwise, But
me: to nothing added conference in somewhat be to seemed who they for person:) man's no accepteth God me: to matter no maketh it were, they (whatsoever somewhat, be to seemed who these of But
you. with continue might gospel the of truth the that hour; an for not no, subjection, by place gave we whom To
bondage: into us bring might they that Jesus, Christ in have we which liberty our out spy to privily in came who in, brought unawares brethren false of because that And
circumcised: be to compelled was Greek, a being me, with was who Titus, neither But
vain. in run, had or run, should I means any by lest reputation, of were which them to privately but Gentiles, the among preach I which gospel that them unto communicated and revelation, by up went I And
also. me with Titus took and Barnabas, with Jerusalem to again up went I after years fourteen Then
me. in God glorified they And
destroyed. he once which faith the preacheth now past times in us persecuted which he That only, heard had they But
Christ: in were which Judaea of churches the unto face by unknown was And
Cilicia; and Syria of regions the into came I Afterwards
not. lie I God, before behold, you, unto write I which things the Now
brother. Lord's the James save none, I saw apostles the of other But
days. fifteen him with abode and Peter, see to Jerusalem to up went I years three after Then
Damascus. unto again returned and Arabia, into went I but me; before apostles were which them to Jerusalem to up I went Neither
blood: and flesh with not conferred I immediately heathen; the among him preach might I that me, in Son his reveal To
grace, his by me called and womb, mother's my from me separated who God, pleased it when But
fathers. my of traditions the of zealous exceedingly more being nation, own mine in equals my many above religion Jews' the in profited And
it: wasted and God, of church the persecuted I measure beyond that how religion, Jews' the in past time in conversation my of heard have ye For
Christ. Jesus of revelation the by but it, taught I was neither man, of it received neither I For
man. after not is me of preached was which gospel the that brethren, you, certify I But
Christ. of servant the be not should I men, pleased yet I if for men? please to seek I do or God? or men, persuade now I do For
accursed. be him let received, have ye that than you unto gospel other any preach man any if again, now I say so before, said we As
accursed. be him let you, unto preached have we which that than you unto gospel other any preach heaven, from angel an or we, though But
Christ. of gospel the pervert would and you, trouble that some be there but another; not is Which
gospel: another unto Christ of grace the into you called that him from removed soon so are ye that marvel I
Amen. ever. and ever for glory be whom To
Father: our and God of will the to according world, evil present this from us deliver might he that sins, our for himself gave Who
Christ, Jesus Lord our from and Father, the God from peace and you to be Grace
Galatia: of churches the unto me, with are which brethren the all And
dead;) the from him raised who Father, the God and Christ, Jesus by but man, by neither men, of (not apostle, an Paul,
Galatians
Amen. all. you with be Ghost, Holy the of communion the and God, of love the and Christ, Jesus Lord the of grace The 2Cor.13:14
you. salute saints the All 2Cor.13:13
kiss. holy an with another one Greet 2Cor.13:12
you. with be shall peace and love of God the and peace; in live mind, one of be comfort, good of be perfect, Be farewell. brethren, Finally, 2Cor.13:11
destruction. to not and edification, to me given hath Lord the which power the to according sharpness, use should I present being lest absent, being things these write I Therefore 2Cor.13:10
perfection. your even wish, we also this and strong: are ye and weak, are we when glad, are we For 2Cor.13:9
truth. the for but truth, the against nothing do can we For 2Cor.13:8
reprobates. as be we though honest, is which that do should ye that but approved, appear should we that not evil; no do ye that God to pray I Now 2Cor.13:7
reprobates. not are we that know shall ye that trust I But 2Cor.13:6
reprobates? be ye except you, in is Christ Jesus that how selves, own your not ye Know selves. own your prove faith; the in be ye whether yourselves, Examine 2Cor.13:5
you. toward God of power the by him with live shall we but him, in weak are also we For God. of power the by liveth he yet weakness, through crucified was he though For 2Cor.13:4
you. in mighty is but weak, not is you-ward to which me, in speaking Christ of proof a seek ye Since 2Cor.13:3
spare: not will I again, come I if that, other, all to and sinned, have heretofore which them to write I now absent being and time; second the present, were I if as you, foretell and before, you told I 2Cor.13:2
established. be word every shall witnesses three or two of mouth the In you. to coming am I time third the is This 2Cor.13:1
committed. have they which lasciviousness and fornication and uncleanness the of repented not have and already, sinned have which many bewail shall I that and you, among me humble will God my again, come I when lest, And 2Cor.12:21
tumults: swellings, whisperings, backbitings, strifes, wraths, envyings, debates, be there lest not: would ye as such you unto found be shall I that and would, I as such you find not shall I come, I when lest, fear, I For 2Cor.12:20
edifying. your for beloved, dearly things, all do we but Christ: in God before speak we you? unto ourselves excuse we that ye think Again, 2Cor.12:19
steps? same the in not we walked spirit? same the in not we walked you? of gain a make Titus Did brother. a sent I him with and Titus, desired I 2Cor.12:18
you? unto sent I whom them of any by you of gain a make I Did 2Cor.12:17
guile. with you caught I crafty, being nevertheless, you: burden not did I so, it be But 2Cor.12:16
loved. be I less the you, love I abundantly more the though you; for spent be and spend gladly very will I And 2Cor.12:15
children. the for parents the but parents, the for up lay to not ought children the for you: but yours not seek I for you: to burdensome be not will I and you; to come to ready am I time third the Behold, 2Cor.12:14
wrong. this me forgive you? to burdensome not was myself I that be it except churches, other to inferior were ye wherein it is what For 2Cor.12:13
deeds. mighty and wonders, and signs, in patience, all in you among wrought were apostle an of signs the Truly 2Cor.12:12
nothing. be I though apostles, chiefest very the behind I am nothing in for you: of commended been have to ought I for me: compelled have ye glorying; in fool a become am I 2Cor.12:11
strong. I am then weak, am I when for sake: Christ's for distresses in persecutions, in necessities, in reproaches, in infirmities, in pleasure take I Therefore 2Cor.12:10
me. upon rest may Christ of power the that infirmities, my in glory rather I will therefore gladly Most weakness. in perfect made is strength my for thee: for sufficient is grace My me, unto said he And 2Cor.12:9
me. from depart might it that thrice, Lord the besought I thing this For 2Cor.12:8
measure. above exalted be should I lest me, buffet to Satan of messenger the flesh, the in thorn a me to given was there revelations, the of abundance the through measure above exalted be should I lest And 2Cor.12:7
me. of heareth he that or be, to me seeth he which that above me of think should man any lest forbear, I now but truth: the say will I for fool; a be not shall I glory, to desire would I though For 2Cor.12:6
infirmities. mine in but glory, not will I myself of yet glory: I will one an such Of 2Cor.12:5
utter. to man a for lawful not is it which words, unspeakable heard and paradise, into up caught was he that How 2Cor.12:4
knoweth;) God tell: cannot I body, the of out or body, the in (whether man, a such knew I And 2Cor.12:3
heaven. third the to up caught one an such knoweth;) God tell: cannot I body, the of out whether or tell; cannot I body, the in (whether ago, years fourteen above Christ in man a knew I 2Cor.12:2
Lord. the of revelations and visions to come will I glory. to doubtless me for expedient not is It 2Cor.12:1
hands. his escaped and wall, the by down let I was basket a in window a through And 2Cor.11:33
me: apprehend to desirous garrison, a with damascenes the of city the kept king the Aretas under governor the Damascus In 2Cor.11:32
not. lie I that knoweth evermore, for blessed is which Christ, Jesus Lord our of Father and God The 2Cor.11:31
infirmities. mine concern which things the of glory will I glory, needs must I If 2Cor.11:30
not? burn I and offended, is who weak? not am I and weak, is Who 2Cor.11:29
churches. the all of care the daily, me upon cometh which that without, are that things those Beside 2Cor.11:28
nakedness. and cold in often, fastings in thirst, and hunger in often, watchings in painfulness, and weariness In 2Cor.11:27
brethren; false among perils in sea, the in perils in wilderness, the in perils in city, the in perils in heathen, the by perils in countrymen, own mine by perils in robbers, of perils in waters, of perils in often, journeyings In 2Cor.11:26
deep; the in been have I day a and night a shipwreck, suffered I thrice stoned, I was once rods, with beaten I was Thrice 2Cor.11:25
one. save stripes forty I received times five Jews the Of 2Cor.11:24
oft. deaths in frequent, more prisons in measure, above stripes in abundant, more labours in more; am I fool) a as speak (I Christ? of ministers they Are 2Cor.11:23
I. am so Abraham? of seed the they Are I. am so Israelites? they Are I. am so Hebrews? they Are 2Cor.11:22
also. bold am I foolishly,) speak (I bold, is any whereinsoever Howbeit weak. been had we though as reproach, concerning as speak I 2Cor.11:21
face. the on you smite man a if himself, exalt man a if you, of take man a if you, devour man a if bondage, into you bring man a if suffer, ye For 2Cor.11:20
wise. are yourselves ye seeing gladly, fools suffer ye For 2Cor.11:19
also. glory will I flesh, the after glory many that Seeing 2Cor.11:18
boasting. of confidence this in foolishly, were it as but Lord, the after not it speak I speak, I which That 2Cor.11:17
little. a myself boast may I that me, receive fool a as yet otherwise, if fool; a me think man no let again, say I 2Cor.11:16
works. their to according be shall end whose righteousness; of ministers the as transformed be also ministers his if thing great no is it Therefore 2Cor.11:15
light. of angel an into transformed is himself Satan for marvel; no And 2Cor.11:14
Christ. of apostles the into themselves transforming workers, deceitful apostles, false are such For 2Cor.11:13
we. as even found be may they glory, they wherein that occasion; desire which them from occasion off cut may I that do, will I that do, I what But 2Cor.11:12
knoweth. God not? you love I because Wherefore? 2Cor.11:11
Achaia. of regions the in boasting this of me stop shall man no me, in is Christ of truth the As 2Cor.11:10
myself. keep I will so and you, unto burdensome being from myself kept have I things all in and supplied: Macedonia from came which brethren the me to lacking was which that for man: no to chargeable was I wanted, and you, with present was I when And 2Cor.11:9
service. you do to them, of wages taking churches, other robbed I 2Cor.11:8
freely? God of gospel the you to preached have I because exalted, be might ye that myself abasing in offence an committed I Have 2Cor.11:7
things. all in you among manifest made throughly been have we but knowledge; in not yet speech, in rude be I though But 2Cor.11:6
apostles. chiefest very the behind whit a not was I suppose I For 2Cor.11:5
him. with bear well might ye accepted, not have ye which gospel, another or received, not have ye which spirit, another receive ye if or preached, not have we whom Jesus, another preacheth cometh that he if For 2Cor.11:4
Christ. in is that simplicity the from corrupted be should minds your so subtilty, his through Eve beguiled serpent the as means, any by lest fear, I But 2Cor.11:3
Christ. to virgin chaste a as you present may I that husband, one to you espoused have I for jealousy: godly with you over jealous am I For 2Cor.11:2
me. with bear indeed and folly: my in little a me with bear could ye God to Would 2Cor.11:1
commendeth. Lord the whom but approved, is himself commendeth that he not For 2Cor.10:18
Lord. the in glory him let glorieth, that he But 2Cor.10:17
hand. our to ready made things of line man's another in boast to not and you, beyond regions the in gospel the preach To 2Cor.10:16
abundantly, rule our to according you by enlarged be shall we that increased, is faith your when hope, having but labours; men's other of is, that measure, our without things of boasting Not 2Cor.10:15
Christ: of gospel the preaching in also you to as far as come are we for you: unto not reached we though as measure, our beyond ourselves not stretch we For 2Cor.10:14
you. unto even reach to measure a us, to distributed hath God which rule the of measure the to according but measure, our without things of boast not will we But 2Cor.10:13
wise. not are themselves, among themselves comparing and themselves, by themselves measuring they but themselves: commend that some with ourselves compare or number, the of ourselves make not dare we For 2Cor.10:12
present. are we when deed in also be we will such absent, are we when letters by word in are we as such that, this, think one an such Let 2Cor.10:11
contemptible. speech his and weak, is presence bodily his but powerful; and weighty are they, say letters, his For 2Cor.10:10
letters. by you terrify would I if as seem not may I That 2Cor.10:9
ashamed: be not should I destruction, your for not and edification, for us given hath Lord the which authority, our of more somewhat boast should I though For 2Cor.10:8
Christ's. we are so even Christ's, is he as that, again, this think himself of him let Christ's, is he that himself to trust man any if appearance? outward the after things on look ye Do 2Cor.10:7
fulfilled. is obedience your when disobedience, all revenge to readiness a in having And 2Cor.10:6
Christ; of obedience the to thought every captivity into bringing and God, of knowledge the against itself exalteth that thing high every and imaginations, down Casting 2Cor.10:5
holds;) strong of down pulling the to God through mighty but carnal, not are warfare our of weapons the (For 2Cor.10:4
flesh: the after war not do we flesh, the in walk we though For 2Cor.10:3
flesh. the to according walked we if as us of think which some, against bold be to think I wherewith confidence, that with present am I when bold be not may I that you, beseech I But 2Cor.10:2
you: toward bold am absent being but you, among base am presence in who Christ, of gentleness and meekness the by you beseech myself Paul I Now 2Cor.10:1
gift. unspeakable his for God unto be Thanks 2Cor.9:15
you. in God of grace exceeding the for you after long which you, for prayer their by And 2Cor.9:14
men; all unto and them, unto distribution liberal your for and Christ, of gospel the unto subjection professed your for God glorify they ministration this of experiment the by Whiles 2Cor.9:13
God; unto thanksgivings many by also abundant is but saints, the of want the supplieth only not service this of administration the For 2Cor.9:12
God. to thanksgiving us through causeth which bountifulness, all to thing every in enriched Being 2Cor.9:11
righteousness;) your of fruits the increase and sown, seed your multiply and food, your for bread minister both sower the to seed ministereth that he Now 2Cor.9:10
ever. for remaineth righteousness his poor: the to given hath he abroad; dispersed hath He written, is it (As 2Cor.9:9
work: good every to abound may things, all in sufficiency all having always ye, that you; toward abound grace all make to able is God And 2Cor.9:8
giver. cheerful a loveth God for necessity: of or grudgingly, not give; him let so heart, his in purposeth he as according man Every 2Cor.9:7
bountifully. also reap shall bountifully soweth which he and sparingly; also reap shall sparingly soweth which He say, I this But 2Cor.9:6
covetousness. of as not and bounty, of matter a as ready, be might same the that before, notice had ye whereof bounty, your beforehand up make and you, unto before go would they that brethren, the exhort to necessary it thought I Therefore 2Cor.9:5
boasting. confident same this in ashamed be should ye) not, say we (that we unprepared, you find and me, with come Macedonia of they if haply Lest 2Cor.9:4
ready: be may ye said, I as that, behalf; this in vain in be should you of boasting our lest brethren, the sent I have Yet 2Cor.9:3
many. very provoked hath zeal your and ago; year a ready was Achaia that Macedonia, of them to you of boast I which for mind, your of forwardness the know I For 2Cor.9:2
you: to write to me for superfluous is it saints, the to ministering the touching as For 2Cor.9:1
behalf. your on boasting our of and love, your of proof the churches, the before and them, to ye shew Wherefore 2Cor.8:24
Christ. of glory the and churches, the of messengers the are they of, enquired be brethren our or you: concerning fellowhelper and partner my is he Titus, of enquire do any Whether 2Cor.8:23
you. in have I which confidence great the upon diligent, more much now but things, many in diligent proved oftentimes have we whom brother, our them with sent have we And 2Cor.8:22
men. of sight the in also but Lord, the of sight the in only not things, honest for Providing 2Cor.8:21
us: by administered is which abundance this in us blame should man no that this, Avoiding 2Cor.8:20
mind: ready your of declaration and Lord, same the of glory the to us by administered is which grace, this with us with travel to churches the of chosen also was who but only, that not And 2Cor.8:19
churches; the all throughout gospel the in is praise whose brother, the him with sent have we And 2Cor.8:18
you. unto went he accord own his of forward, more being but exhortation; the accepted he indeed For 2Cor.8:17
you. for Titus of heart the into care earnest same the put which God, to be thanks But 2Cor.8:16
lack. no had little gathered had that he and over; nothing had much gathered had that He written, is it As 2Cor.8:15
equality: be may there that want: your for supply a be may also abundance their that want, their for supply a be may abundance your time this at now that equality, an by But 2Cor.8:14
burdened: ye and eased, be men other that not mean I For 2Cor.8:13
not. hath he that to according not and hath, man a that to according accepted is it mind, willing a first be there if For 2Cor.8:12
have. ye which that of out also performance a be may there so will, to readiness a was there as that it; of doing the perform therefore Now 2Cor.8:11
ago. year a forward be to also but do, to only not before, begun have who you, for expedient is this for advice: my give I herein And 2Cor.8:10
rich. be might poverty his through ye that poor, became he sakes your for yet rich, was he though that, Christ, Jesus Lord our of grace the know ye For 2Cor.8:9
love. your of sincerity the prove to and others, of forwardness the of occasion by but commandment, by not speak I 2Cor.8:8
also. grace this in abound ye that see us, to love your in and diligence, all in and knowledge, and utterance, and faith, in thing, every in abound ye as Therefore, 2Cor.8:7
also. grace same the you in finish also would he so begun, had he as that Titus, desired we that Insomuch 2Cor.8:6
God. of will the by us unto and Lord, the to selves own their gave first but hoped, we as not did, they this And 2Cor.8:5
saints. the to ministering the of fellowship the us upon take and gift, the receive would we that intreaty much with us Praying 2Cor.8:4
themselves; of willing were they power their beyond and yea, record, bear I power, their to For 2Cor.8:3
liberality. their of riches the unto abounded poverty deep their and joy their of abundance the affliction of trial great a in that How 2Cor.8:2
Macedonia; of churches the on bestowed God of grace the of wit to you do we brethren, Moreover, 2Cor.8:1
things. all in you in confidence have I that therefore rejoice I 2Cor.7:16
him. received ye trembling and fear with how all, you of obedience the remembereth he whilst you, toward abundant more is affection inward his And 2Cor.7:15
truth. a found is Titus, before made I which boasting, our so even truth, in you to things all spake we as but ashamed; not am I you, of him to thing any boasted have I if For 2Cor.7:14
all. you by refreshed was spirit his because Titus, of joy the for we joyed more the exceedingly and yea, comfort: your in comforted were we Therefore 2Cor.7:13
you. unto appear might God of sight the in you for care our that but wrong, suffered that cause his for nor wrong, the done had that cause his for not it did I you, unto wrote I though Wherefore, 2Cor.7:12
matter. this in clear be to yourselves approved have ye things all In revenge! what yea, zeal, what yea, desire, vehement what yea, fear, what yea, indignation, what yea, yourselves, of clearing what yea, you, in wrought it carefulness what sort, godly a after sorrowed ye that thing, selfsame this behold For 2Cor.7:11
death. worketh world the of sorrow the but of: repented be to not salvation to repentance worketh sorrow godly For 2Cor.7:10
nothing. in us by damage receive might ye that manner, godly a after sorry made were ye for repentance: to sorrowed ye that but sorry, made were ye that not rejoice, I Now 2Cor.7:9
season. a for but were it though sorry, you made hath epistle same the that perceive I for repent: did I though repent, not do I letter, a with sorry you made I though For 2Cor.7:8
more. the rejoiced I that so me; toward mind fervent your mourning, your desire, earnest your us told he when you, in comforted was he wherewith consolation the by but only, coming his by not And 2Cor.7:7
Titus; of coming the by us comforted down, cast are that those comforteth that God, Nevertheless 2Cor.7:6
fears. were within fightings, were without side; every on troubled were we but rest, no had flesh our Macedonia, into come were we when For, 2Cor.7:5
tribulation. our all in joyful exceeding am I comfort, with filled am I you: of glorying my is great you, toward speech of boldness my is Great 2Cor.7:4
you. with live and die to hearts our in are ye that before, said have I for you: condemn to this not speak I 2Cor.7:3
man. no defrauded have we man, no corrupted have we man, no wronged have we us; Receive 2Cor.7:2
God. of fear the in holiness perfecting spirit, and flesh the of filthiness all from ourselves cleanse us let beloved, dearly promises, these therefore Having 2Cor.7:1
Almighty. Lord the saith daughters, and sons my be shall ye and you, unto Father a be will And 2Cor.6:18
you. receive will I and thing; unclean the not touch and Lord, the saith separate, ye be and them, among from out come Wherefore 2Cor.6:17
people. my be shall they and God, their be will I and them; in walk and them, in dwell will I said, hath God as God; living the of temple the are ye for idols? with God of temple the hath agreement what And 2Cor.6:16
infidel? an with believeth that he hath part what or Belial? with Christ hath concord what And 2Cor.6:15
darkness? with light hath communion what and unrighteousness? with righteousness hath fellowship what for unbelievers: with together yoked unequally not ye Be 2Cor.6:14
enlarged. also ye be children,) my unto as speak (I same, the in recompence a for Now 2Cor.6:13
bowels. own your in straitened are ye but us, in straitened not are Ye 2Cor.6:12
enlarged. is heart our you, unto open is mouth our Corinthians, ye O 2Cor.6:11
things. all possessing yet and nothing, having as rich; many making yet poor, as rejoicing; alway yet sorrowful, As 2Cor.6:10
killed; not and chastened, as live; we behold, and, dying, as known; well yet and unknown, As 2Cor.6:9
true; yet and deceivers, as report: good and report evil by dishonour, and honour By 2Cor.6:8
left, the on and hand right the on righteousness of armour the by God, of power the by truth, of word the By 2Cor.6:7
unfeigned, love by Ghost, Holy the by kindness, by suffering, long by knowledge, by pureness, By 2Cor.6:6
fastings; in watchings, in labours, in tumults, in imprisonments, in stripes, In 2Cor.6:5
distresses, in necessities, in afflictions, in patience, much in God, of ministers the as ourselves approving things all in But 2Cor.6:4
blamed: not be ministry the that thing, any in offence no Giving 2Cor.6:3
salvation.) of day the is now behold, time; accepted the is now behold, thee: succoured I have salvation of day the in and accepted, time a in thee heard have I saith, he (For 2Cor.6:2
vain. in God of grace the not receive ye that also you beseech him, with together workers as then, We 2Cor.6:1
him. in God of righteousness the made be might we that sin; no knew who us, for sin be to him made hath he For 2Cor.5:21
God. to reconciled ye be stead, Christ's in you pray we us: by you beseech did God though as Christ, for ambassadors are we then Now 2Cor.5:20
reconciliation. of word the us unto committed hath and them; unto trespasses their imputing not himself, unto world the reconciling Christ, in was God that wit, To 2Cor.5:19
reconciliation; of ministry the us to given hath and Christ, Jesus by himself to us reconciled hath who God, of are things all And 2Cor.5:18
new. become are things all behold, away; passed are things old creature: new a is he Christ, in be man any if Therefore 2Cor.5:17
more. no him we know henceforth now yet flesh, the after Christ known have we though yea, flesh: the after man no we know henceforth Wherefore 2Cor.5:16
again. rose and them, for died which him unto but themselves, unto live henceforth not should live which they that all, for died he that And 2Cor.5:15
dead: all were then all, for died one if that judge, thus we because us; constraineth Christ of love the For 2Cor.5:14
cause. your for is it sober, be we whether or God: to is it ourselves, beside be we whether For 2Cor.5:13
heart. in not and appearance, in glory which them answer to somewhat have may ye that behalf, our on glory to occasion you give but you, unto again ourselves not commend we For 2Cor.5:12
consciences. your in manifest made are also trust I and God; unto manifest made are we but men; persuade we Lord, the of terror the therefore Knowing 2Cor.5:11
bad. or good be it whether done, hath he that to according body, his in done things the receive may one every that Christ; of seat judgment the before appear all must we For 2Cor.5:10
him. of accepted be may we absent, or present whether that, labour, we Wherefore 2Cor.5:9
Lord. the with present be to and body, the from absent be to rather willing and say, I confident, are We 2Cor.5:8
sight:) by not faith, by walk we (For 2Cor.5:7
Lord: the from absent are we body, the in home at are we whilst that, knowing confident, always are we Therefore 2Cor.5:6
Spirit. the of earnest the us unto given hath also who God, is thing selfsame the for us wrought hath that he Now 2Cor.5:5
life. of up swallowed be might mortality that upon, clothed but unclothed, be would we that for not burdened: being groan, do tabernacle this in are that we For 2Cor.5:4
naked. found be not shall we clothed being that be so If 2Cor.5:3
heaven: from is which house our with upon clothed be to desiring earnestly groan, we this in For 2Cor.5:2
heavens. the in eternal hands, with made not house an God, of building a have we dissolved, were tabernacle this of house earthly our if that know we For 2Cor.5:1
eternal. are seen not are which things the but temporal; are seen are which things the for seen: not are which things the at but seen, are which things the at not look we While 2Cor.4:18
glory; of weight eternal and exceeding more far a us for worketh moment, a for but is which affliction, light our For 2Cor.4:17
day. by day renewed is man inward the yet perish, man outward our though but not; faint we cause which For 2Cor.4:16
God. of glory the to redound many of thanksgiving the through might grace abundant the that sakes, your for are things all For 2Cor.4:15
you. with us present shall and Jesus, by also us up raise shall Jesus Lord the up raised which he that Knowing 2Cor.4:14
speak; therefore and believe, also we spoken; I have therefore and believed, I written, is it as according faith, of spirit same the having We 2Cor.4:13
you. in life but us, in worketh death then So 2Cor.4:12
flesh. mortal our in manifest made be might Jesus of also life the that sake, Jesus' for death unto delivered always are live which we For 2Cor.4:11
body. our in manifest made be might Jesus of also life the that Jesus, Lord the of dying the body the in about bearing Always 2Cor.4:10
destroyed; not but down, cast forsaken; not but Persecuted, 2Cor.4:9
despair; in not but perplexed, are we distressed; not yet side, every on troubled are We 2Cor.4:8
us. of not and God, of be may power the of excellency the that vessels, earthen in treasure this have we But 2Cor.4:7
Christ. Jesus of face the in God of glory the of knowledge the of light the give to hearts, our in shined hath darkness, of out shine to light the commanded who God, For 2Cor.4:6
sake. Jesus' for servants your ourselves and Lord; the Jesus Christ but ourselves, not preach we For 2Cor.4:5
them. unto shine should God, of image the is who Christ, of gospel glorious the of light the lest not, believe which them of minds the blinded hath world this of god the whom In 2Cor.4:4
lost: are that them to hid is it hid, be gospel our if But 2Cor.4:3
God. of sight the in conscience man's every to ourselves commending truth the of manifestation by but deceitfully; God of word the handling nor craftiness, in walking not dishonesty, of things hidden the renounced have But 2Cor.4:2
not; faint we mercy, received have we as ministry, this have we seeing Therefore 2Cor.4:1
Lord. the of Spirit the by as even glory, to glory from image same the into changed are Lord, the of glory the glass a in as beholding face open with all, we But 2Cor.3:18
liberty. is there is, Lord the of Spirit the where and Spirit: that is Lord the Now 2Cor.3:17
away. taken be shall vail the Lord, the to turn shall it when Nevertheless 2Cor.3:16
heart. their upon is vail the read, is Moses when day, this unto even But 2Cor.3:15
Christ. in away done is vail which testament; old the of reading the in away untaken vail same the remaineth day this until for blinded: were minds their But 2Cor.3:14
abolished: is which that of end the to look stedfastly not could Israel of children the that face, his over veil a put which Moses, as not And 2Cor.3:13
speech: of plainness great use we hope, such have we that then Seeing 2Cor.3:12
glorious. is remaineth which that more much glorious, was away done is which that if For 2Cor.3:11
excelleth. that glory the of reason by respect, this in glory no had glorious made was which that even For 2Cor.3:10
glory. in exceed righteousness of ministration the doth more much glory, be condemnation of ministration the if For 2Cor.3:9
glorious? rather be spirit the of ministration the not shall How 2Cor.3:8
away: done be to was glory which countenance; his of glory the for Moses of face the behold stedfastly not could Israel of children the that so glorious, was stones, in engraven and written death, of ministration the if But 2Cor.3:7
life. giveth spirit the but killeth, letter the for spirit: the of but letter, the of not testament; new the of ministers able us made hath also Who 2Cor.3:6
God; of is sufficiency our but ourselves; of as thing any think to ourselves of sufficient are we that Not 2Cor.3:5
God-ward: to Christ through we have trust such And 2Cor.3:4
heart. the of tables fleshy in but stone, of tables in not God; living the of Spirit the with but ink, with not written us, by ministered Christ of epistle the be to declared manifestly are ye as Forasmuch 2Cor.3:3
men: all of read and known hearts, our in written epistle our are Ye 2Cor.3:2
you? from commendation of letters or you, to commendation of epistles others, some as we, need or ourselves? commend to again begin we Do 2Cor.3:1
Christ. in we speak God of sight the in God, of as but sincerity, of as but God: of word the corrupt which many, as not are we For 2Cor.2:17
things? these for sufficient is who And life. unto life of savour the other the to and death; unto death of savour the are we one the To 2Cor.2:16
perish: that them in and saved, are that them in Christ, of savour sweet a God unto are we For 2Cor.2:15
place. every in us by knowledge his of savour the manifest maketh and Christ, in triumph to us causeth always which God, unto be thanks Now 2Cor.2:14
Macedonia. into thence from went I them, of leave my taking but brother: my Titus not found I because spirit, my in rest no had I 2Cor.2:13
Lord, the of me unto opened was door a and gospel, Christ's preach to Troas to came I when Furthermore, 2Cor.2:12
devices. his of ignorant not are we for us: of advantage an get should Satan Lest 2Cor.2:11
Christ; of person the in it I forgave sakes your for it, forgave I whom to thing, any forgave I if for also: forgive I thing, any forgive ye whom To 2Cor.2:10
things. all in obedient be ye whether you, of proof the know might I that write, I did also end this to For 2Cor.2:9
him. toward love your confirm would ye that you beseech I Wherefore 2Cor.2:8
sorrow. overmuch with up swallowed be should one a such perhaps lest him, comfort and him, forgive to rather ought ye contrariwise that So 2Cor.2:7
many. of inflicted was which punishment, this is man a such to Sufficient 2Cor.2:6
all. you overcharge not may I that part: in but me, grieved not hath he grief, caused have any if But 2Cor.2:5
you. unto abundantly more have I which love the know might ye that but grieved, be should ye that not tears; many with you unto wrote I heart of anguish and affliction much of out For 2Cor.2:4
all. you of joy the is joy my that all, you in confidence having rejoice; to ought I whom of them from sorrow have should I came, I when lest, you, unto same this wrote I And 2Cor.2:3
me? by sorry made is which same the but glad, me maketh that then he is who sorry, you make I if For 2Cor.2:2
heaviness. in you to again come not would I that myself, with this determined I But 2Cor.2:1
stand. ye faith by for joy: your of helpers are but faith, your over dominion have we that for Not 2Cor.1:24
Corinth. unto yet as not came I you spare to that soul, my upon record a for God call I Moreover 2Cor.1:23
hearts. our in Spirit the of earnest the given and us, sealed also hath Who 2Cor.1:22
God; is us, anointed hath and Christ, in you with us stablisheth which he Now 2Cor.1:21
us. by God of glory the unto Amen, him in and yea, are him in God of promises the all For 2Cor.1:20
yea. was him in but nay, and yea not was Timotheus, and Silvanus and me by even us, by you among preached was who Christ, Jesus God, of Son the For 2Cor.1:19
nay. and yea not was you toward word our true, is God as But 2Cor.1:18
nay? nay and yea, yea be should there me with that flesh, the to according purpose I do purpose, I that things the or lightness? use I did minded, thus was therefore I When 2Cor.1:17
Judaea. toward way my on brought be to you of and you, unto Macedonia of out again come to and Macedonia, into you by pass to And 2Cor.1:16
benefit; second a have might ye that before, you unto come to minded was I confidence this in And 2Cor.1:15
Jesus. Lord the of day the in our's are also ye as even rejoicing, your are we that part, in us acknowledged have ye also As 2Cor.1:14
end; the to even acknowledge shall ye trust I and acknowledge; or read ye what that you, unto things other none write we For 2Cor.1:13
you-ward. to abundantly more and world, the in conversation our had have we God, of grace the by but wisdom, fleshly with not sincerity, godly and simplicity in that conscience, our of testimony the this, is rejoicing our For 2Cor.1:12
behalf. our on many by given be may thanks persons many of means the by us upon bestowed gift the for that us, for prayer by together helping also Ye 2Cor.1:11
us; deliver yet will he that trust we whom in deliver: doth and death, a great so from us delivered Who 2Cor.1:10
dead: the raiseth which God in but ourselves, in trust not should we that ourselves, in death of sentence the had we But 2Cor.1:9
life: of even despaired we that insomuch strength, above measure, of out pressed were we that Asia, in us to came which trouble our of ignorant you have brethren, not, would we For 2Cor.1:8
consolation. the of also be ye shall so sufferings, the of partakers are ye as that knowing, stedfast, is you of hope our And 2Cor.1:7
salvation. and consolation your for is it comforted, be we whether or suffer: also we which sufferings same the of enduring the in effectual is which salvation, and consolation your for is it afflicted, be we whether And 2Cor.1:6
Christ. by aboundeth also consolation our so us, in abound Christ of sufferings the as For 2Cor.1:5
God. of comforted are ourselves we wherewith comfort the by trouble, any in are which them comfort to able be may we that tribulation, our all in us comforteth Who 2Cor.1:4
comfort; all of God the and mercies, of Father the Christ, Jesus Lord our of Father the even God, be Blessed 2Cor.1:3
Christ. Jesus Lord the from and Father, our God from peace and you to be Grace 2Cor.1:2
Achaia: all in are which saints the all with Corinth, at is which God of church the unto brother, our Timothy and God, of will the by Christ Jesus of apostle an Paul, 2Cor.1:1
Corinthians 2
Amen. Jesus. Christ in all you with be love My 1Cor.16:24
you. with be Christ Jesus Lord our of grace The 1Cor.16:23
Maranatha. Anathema be him let Christ, Jesus Lord the not love man any If 1Cor.16:22
hand. own mine with Paul me of salutation The 1Cor.16:21
kiss. holy an with another one ye Greet you. greet brethren the All 1Cor.16:20
house. their in is that church the with Lord, the in much you salute Priscilla and Aquila you. salute Asia of churches The 1Cor.16:19
such. are that them ye acknowledge therefore yours: and spirit my refreshed have they For 1Cor.16:18
supplied. have they part your on lacking was which that for Achaicus: and Fortunatus and Stephanas of coming the of glad am I 1Cor.16:17
laboureth. and us, with helpeth that one every to and such, unto yourselves submit ye That 1Cor.16:16
saints,) the of ministry the to themselves addicted have they that and Achaia, of firstfruits the is it that Stephanas, of house the know (ye brethren, you, beseech I 1Cor.16:15
charity. with done be things your all Let 1Cor.16:14
strong. be men, like you quit faith, the in fast stand ye, Watch 1Cor.16:13
time. convenient have shall he when come will he but time; this at come to all at not was will his but brethren: the with you unto come to him desired greatly I Apollos, brother our touching As 1Cor.16:12
brethren. the with him for look I for me: unto come may he that peace, in forth him conduct but him: despise therefore man no Let 1Cor.16:11
do. also I as Lord, the of work the worketh he for fear: without you with be may he that see come, Timotheus if Now 1Cor.16:10
adversaries. many are there and me, unto opened is effectual and door great a For 1Cor.16:9
Pentecost. until Ephesus at tarry will I But 1Cor.16:8
permit. Lord the if you, with while a tarry to trust I but way; the by now you see not will I For 1Cor.16:7
go. I whithersoever journey my on me bring may ye that you, with winter and yea, abide, will I that be may it And 1Cor.16:6
Macedonia. through pass do I for Macedonia: through pass shall I when you, unto come will I Now 1Cor.16:5
me. with go shall they also, go I that meet be it if And 1Cor.16:4
Jerusalem. unto liberality your bring to send I will them letters, your by approve shall ye whomsoever come, I when And 1Cor.16:3
come. I when gatherings no be there that him, prospered hath God as store, in him by lay you of one every let week the of day first the Upon 1Cor.16:2
ye. do so even Galatia, of churches the to order given have I as saints, the for collection the concerning Now 1Cor.16:1
Lord. the in vain in not is labour your that know ye as forasmuch Lord, the of work the in abounding always unmoveable, stedfast, ye be brethren, beloved my Therefore, 1Cor.15:58
Christ. Jesus Lord our through victory the us giveth which God, to be thanks But 1Cor.15:57
law. the is sin of strength the and sin; is death of sting The 1Cor.15:56
victory? thy is where grave, O sting? thy is where death, O 1Cor.15:55
victory. in up swallowed is Death written, is that saying the pass to brought be shall then immortality, on put have shall mortal this and incorruption, on put have shall corruptible this when So 1Cor.15:54
immortality. on put must mortal this and incorruption, on put must corruptible this For 1Cor.15:53
changed. be shall we and incorruptible, raised be shall dead the and sound, shall trumpet the for trump: last the at eye, an of twinkling the in moment, a In 1Cor.15:52
changed, be all shall we but sleep, all not shall We mystery; a you shew I Behold, 1Cor.15:51
incorruption. inherit corruption doth neither God; of kingdom the inherit cannot blood and flesh that brethren, say, I this Now 1Cor.15:50
heavenly. the of image the bear also shall we earthy, the of image the borne have we as And 1Cor.15:49
heavenly. are that also they are such heavenly, the is as and earthy: are that also they are such earthy, the is As 1Cor.15:48
heaven. from Lord the is man second the earthy; earth, the of is man first The 1Cor.15:47
spiritual. is which that afterward and natural; is which that but spiritual, is which first not was that Howbeit 1Cor.15:46
spirit. quickening a made was Adam last the soul; living a made was Adam man first The written, is it so And 1Cor.15:45
body. spiritual a is there and body, natural a is There body. spiritual a raised is it body; natural a sown is It 1Cor.15:44
power: in raised is it weakness; in sown is it glory: in raised is it dishonour; in sown is It 1Cor.15:43
incorruption: in raised is it corruption; in sown is It dead. the of resurrection the is also So 1Cor.15:42
glory. in star another from differeth star one for stars: the of glory another and moon, the of glory another and sun, the of glory one is There 1Cor.15:41
another. is terrestrial the of glory the and one, is celestial the of glory the but terrestrial: bodies and bodies, celestial also are There 1Cor.15:40
birds. of another and fishes, of another beasts, of flesh another men, of flesh of kind one is there but flesh: same the not is flesh All 1Cor.15:39
body. own his seed every to and him, pleased hath it as body a it giveth God But 1Cor.15:38
grain: other some of or wheat, of chance may it grain, bare but be, shall that body that not sowest thou sowest, thou which that And 1Cor.15:37
die: it except quickened, not is sowest thou which that fool, Thou 1Cor.15:36
come? they do body what with and up? raised dead the are How say, will man some But 1Cor.15:35
shame. your to this speak I God: of knowledge the not have some for not; sin and righteousness, to Awake 1Cor.15:34
manners. good corrupt communications evil deceived: not Be 1Cor.15:33
die. we morrow to for drink; and eat us let not? rise dead the if me, it advantageth what Ephesus, at beasts with fought have I men of manner the after If 1Cor.15:32
daily. die I Lord, our Jesus Christ in have I which rejoicing your by protest I 1Cor.15:31
hour? every jeopardy in we stand why And 1Cor.15:30
dead? the for baptized then they are why all? at not rise dead the if dead, the for baptized are which do they shall what Else 1Cor.15:29
all. in all be may God that him, under things all put that him unto subject be himself also Son the shall then him, unto subdued be shall things all when And 1Cor.15:28
him. under things all put did which excepted, is he that manifest is it him, under put are things all saith he when But feet. his under things all put hath he For 1Cor.15:27
death. is destroyed be shall that enemy last The 1Cor.15:26
feet. his under enemies all put hath he till reign, must he For 1Cor.15:25
power. and authority all and rule all down put have shall he when Father; the even God, to kingdom the up delivered have shall he when end, the cometh Then 1Cor.15:24
coming. his at Christ's are that they afterward firstfruits; the Christ order: own his in man every But 1Cor.15:23
alive. made be all shall Christ in so even die, all Adam in as For 1Cor.15:22
dead. the of resurrection the also came man by death, came man by since For 1Cor.15:21
slept. that them of firstfruits the become and dead, the from risen Christ is now But 1Cor.15:20
miserable. most men all of are we Christ, in hope have we only life this in If 1Cor.15:19
perished. are Christ in asleep fallen are which also they Then 1Cor.15:18
sins. your in yet are ye vain; is faith your raised, not be Christ if And 1Cor.15:17
raised: Christ not is then not, rise dead the if For 1Cor.15:16
not. rise dead the that be so if up, not raised he whom Christ: up raised he that God of testified have we because God; of witnesses false found are we and Yea, 1Cor.15:15
vain. also is faith your and vain, preaching our is then risen, not be Christ if And 1Cor.15:14
risen: not Christ is then dead, the of resurrection no be there if But 1Cor.15:13
dead? the of resurrection no is there that you among some say how dead, the from rose he that preached be Christ if Now 1Cor.15:12
believed. ye so and preach, we so they, or I were it whether Therefore 1Cor.15:11
me. with was which God of grace the but I, not yet all: they than abundantly more laboured I but vain; in not was me upon bestowed was which grace his and am: I what am I God of grace the by But 1Cor.15:10
God. of church the persecuted I because apostle, an called be to meet not am that apostles, the of least the am I For 1Cor.15:9
time. due of out born one of as also, me of seen was he all of last And 1Cor.15:8
apostles. the all of then James; of seen was he that, After 1Cor.15:7
asleep. fallen are some but present, this unto remain part greater the whom of once; at brethren hundred five above of seen was he that, After 1Cor.15:6
twelve: the of then Cephas, of seen was he that And 1Cor.15:5
scriptures: the to according day third the again rose he that and buried, was he that And 1Cor.15:4
scriptures; the to according sins our for died Christ that how received, also I which that all of first you unto delivered I For 1Cor.15:3
vain. in believed have ye unless you, unto preached I what memory in keep ye if saved, are ye also which By 1Cor.15:2
stand; ye wherein and received, have ye also which you, unto preached I which gospel the you unto declare I brethren, Moreover, 1Cor.15:1
order. in and decently done be things all Let 1Cor.14:40
tongues. with speak to not forbid and prophesy, to covet brethren, Wherefore, 1Cor.14:39
ignorant. be him let ignorant, be man any if But 1Cor.14:38
Lord. the of commandments the are you unto write I that things the that acknowledge him let spiritual, or prophet, a be to himself think man any If 1Cor.14:37
only? you unto it came or you? from out God of word the came What? 1Cor.14:36
church. the in speak to women for shame a is it for home: at husbands their ask them let thing, any learn will they if And 1Cor.14:35
law. the saith also as obedience under be to commanded are they but speak; to them unto permitted not is it for churches: the in silence keep women your Let 1Cor.14:34
saints. the of churches all in as peace, of but confusion, of author the not is God For 1Cor.14:33
prophets. the to subject are prophets the of spirits the And 1Cor.14:32
comforted. be may all and learn, may all that one, by one prophesy all may ye For 1Cor.14:31
peace. his hold first the let by, sitteth that another to revealed be thing any If 1Cor.14:30
judge. other the let and three, or two speak prophets the Let 1Cor.14:29
God. to and himself, to speak him let and church; the in silence keep him let interpreter, no be there if But 1Cor.14:28
interpret. one let and course; by that and three, by most the at or two, by be it let tongue, unknown an in speak man any If 1Cor.14:27
edifying. unto done be things all Let interpretation. an hath revelation, a hath tongue, a hath doctrine, a hath psalm, a hath you of one every together, come ye when brethren? then, it is How 1Cor.14:26
truth. a of you in is God that report and God, worship will he face his on down falling so and manifest; made heart his of secrets the are thus And 1Cor.14:25
all: of judged is he all, of convinced is he unlearned, one or not, believeth that one in come there and prophesy, all if But 1Cor.14:24
mad? are ye that say not they will unbelievers, or unlearned, are that those in come there and tongues, with speak all and place, one into together come be church whole the therefore If 1Cor.14:23
believe. which them for but not, believe that them for not serveth prophesying but not: believe that them to but believe, that them to not sign, a for are tongues Wherefore 1Cor.14:22
Lord. the saith me, hear not they will that all for yet and people; this unto speak I will lips other and tongues other of men With written, is it law the In 1Cor.14:21
men. be understanding in but children, ye be malice in howbeit understanding: in children not be Brethren, 1Cor.14:20
tongue. unknown an in words thousand ten than also, others teach might I voice my by that understanding, my with words five speak rather had I church the in Yet 1Cor.14:19
all: ye than more tongues with speak I God, my thank I 1Cor.14:18
edified. not is other the but well, thanks givest verily thou For 1Cor.14:17
sayest? thou what not understandeth he seeing thanks, of giving thy at Amen say unlearned the of room the occupieth that he shall how spirit, the with bless shalt thou when Else 1Cor.14:16
also. understanding the with sing will I and spirit, the with sing will I also: understanding the with pray will I and spirit, the with pray will I then? it is What 1Cor.14:15
unfruitful. is understanding my but prayeth, spirit my tongue, unknown an in pray I if For 1Cor.14:14
interpret. may he that pray tongue unknown an in speaketh that him let Wherefore 1Cor.14:13
church. the of edifying the to excel may ye that seek gifts, spiritual of zealous are ye as forasmuch ye, so Even 1Cor.14:12
me. unto barbarian a be shall speaketh that he and barbarian, a speaketh that him unto be shall I voice, the of meaning the not know I if Therefore 1Cor.14:11
signification. without is them of none and world, the in voices of kinds many so be, may it are, There 1Cor.14:10
air. the into speak shall ye for spoken? is what known be it shall how understood, be to easy words tongue the by utter ye except ye, likewise So 1Cor.14:9
battle? the to himself prepare shall who sound, uncertain an give trumpet the if For 1Cor.14:8
harped? or piped is what known be it shall how sounds, the in distinction a give they except harp, or pipe whether sound, giving life without things even And 1Cor.14:7
doctrine? by or prophesying, by or knowledge, by or revelation, by either you to speak shall I except you, profit I shall what tongues, with speaking you unto come I if brethren, Now, 1Cor.14:6
edifying. receive may church the that interpret, he except tongues, with speaketh that he than prophesieth that he is greater for prophesied: ye that rather but tongues with spake all ye that would I 1Cor.14:5
church. the edifieth prophesieth that he but himself; edifieth tongue unknown an in speaketh that He 1Cor.14:4
comfort. and exhortation, and edification, to men unto speaketh prophesieth that he But 1Cor.14:3
mysteries. speaketh he spirit the in howbeit him; understandeth man no for God: unto but men, unto not speaketh tongue unknown an in speaketh that he For 1Cor.14:2
prophesy. may ye that rather but gifts, spiritual desire and charity, after Follow 1Cor.14:1
charity. is these of greatest the but three; these charity, hope, faith, abideth now And 1Cor.13:13
known. am I also as even know I shall then but part; in know I now face: to face then but darkly; glass, a through see we now For 1Cor.13:12
things. childish away put I man, a became I when but child: a as thought I child, a as understood I child, a as spake I child, a was I When 1Cor.13:11
away. done be shall part in is which that then come, is perfect is which that when But 1Cor.13:10
part. in prophesy we and part, in know we For 1Cor.13:9
away. vanish shall it knowledge, be there whether cease; shall they tongues, be there whether fail; shall they prophecies, be there whether but faileth: never Charity 1Cor.13:8
things. all endureth things, all hopeth things, all believeth things, all Beareth 1Cor.13:7
truth; the in rejoiceth but iniquity, in not Rejoiceth 1Cor.13:6
evil; no thinketh provoked, easily not is own, her not seeketh unseemly, itself behave not Doth 1Cor.13:5
up, puffed not is itself, not vaunteth charity not; envieth charity kind; is and long, suffereth Charity 1Cor.13:4
nothing. me profiteth it charity, not have and burned, be to body my give I though and poor, the feed to goods my all bestow I though And 1Cor.13:3
nothing. am I charity, not have and mountains, remove could I that so faith, all have I though and knowledge; all and mysteries, all understand and prophecy, of gift the have I though And 1Cor.13:2
cymbal. tinkling a or brass, sounding as become am I charity, not have and angels, of and men of tongues the with speak I Though 1Cor.13:1
way. excellent more a you unto I shew yet and gifts: best the earnestly covet But 1Cor.12:31
interpret? all do tongues? with speak all do healing? of gifts the all Have 1Cor.12:30
miracles? of workers all are teachers? all are prophets? all are apostles? all Are 1Cor.12:29
tongues. of diversities governments, helps, healings, of gifts then miracles, that after teachers, thirdly prophets, secondarily apostles, first church, the in some set hath God And 1Cor.12:28
particular. in members and Christ, of body the are ye Now 1Cor.12:27
it. with rejoice members the all honoured, be member one or it; with suffer members the all suffer, member one whether And 1Cor.12:26
another. for one care same the have should members the that but body; the in schism no be should there That 1Cor.12:25
lacked. which part that to honour abundant more given having together, body the tempered hath God but need: no have parts comely our For 1Cor.12:24
comeliness. abundant more have parts uncomely our and honour; abundant more bestow we these upon honourable, less be to think we which body, the of members those And 1Cor.12:23
necessary: are feeble, more be to seem which body, the of members those more much Nay, 1Cor.12:22
you. of need no have I feet, the to head the again nor thee: of need no have I hand, the unto say cannot eye the And 1Cor.12:21
body. one but yet members, many they are now But 1Cor.12:20
body? the were where member, one all were they if And 1Cor.12:19
him. pleased hath it as body, the in them of one every members the set God hath now But 1Cor.12:18
smelling? the were where hearing, were whole the If hearing? the were where eye, an were body whole the If 1Cor.12:17
body? the of not therefore it is body; the of not am I eye, the not am I Because say, shall ear the if And 1Cor.12:16
body? the of not therefore it is body; the of not am I hand, the not am I Because say, shall foot the If 1Cor.12:15
many. but member, one not is body the For 1Cor.12:14
Spirit. one into drink to made all been have and free; or bond be we whether Gentiles, or Jews be we whether body, one into baptized all we are Spirit one by For 1Cor.12:13
Christ. is also so body: one are many, being body, one that of members the all and members, many hath and one, is body the as For 1Cor.12:12
will. he as severally man every to dividing Spirit, selfsame the and one that worketh these all But 1Cor.12:11
tongues: of interpretation the another to tongues; of kinds divers another to spirits; of discerning another to prophecy; another to miracles; of working the another To 1Cor.12:10
Spirit; same the by healing of gifts the another to Spirit; same the by faith another To 1Cor.12:9
Spirit; same the by knowledge of word the another to wisdom; of word the Spirit the by given is one to For 1Cor.12:8
withal. profit to man every to given is Spirit the of manifestation the But 1Cor.12:7
all. in all worketh which God same the is it but operations, of diversities are there And 1Cor.12:6
Lord. same the but administrations, of differences are there And 1Cor.12:5
Spirit. same the but gifts, of diversities are there Now 1Cor.12:4
Ghost. Holy the by but Lord, the is Jesus that say can man no that and accursed: Jesus calleth God of Spirit the by speaking man no that understand, to you give I Wherefore 1Cor.12:3
led. were ye as even idols, dumb these unto away carried Gentiles, were ye that know Ye 1Cor.12:2
ignorant. you have not would I brethren, gifts, spiritual concerning Now 1Cor.12:1
come. I when order in set I will rest the And condemnation. unto together not come ye that home; at eat him let hunger, man any if And 1Cor.11:34
another. for one tarry eat, to together come ye when brethren, my Wherefore, 1Cor.11:33
world. the with condemned be not should we that Lord, the of chastened are we judged, are we when But 1Cor.11:32
judged. be not should we ourselves, judge would we if For 1Cor.11:31
sleep. many and you, among sickly and weak are many cause this For 1Cor.11:30
body. Lord's the discerning not himself, to damnation drinketh and eateth unworthily, drinketh and eateth that he For 1Cor.11:29
cup. that of drink and bread, that of eat him let so and himself, examine man a let But 1Cor.11:28
Lord. the of blood and body the of guilty be shall unworthily, Lord, the of cup this drink and bread, this eat shall whosoever Wherefore 1Cor.11:27
come. he till death Lord's the shew do ye cup, this drink and bread, this eat ye as often as For 1Cor.11:26
me. of remembrance in it, drink ye as oft as ye, do this blood: my in testament new the is cup this saying, supped, had he when cup, the took he also manner same the After 1Cor.11:25
me. of remembrance in do this you: for broken is which body, my is this eat: Take, said, and it, brake he thanks, given had he when And 1Cor.11:24
bread: took betrayed was he which in night same the Jesus Lord the that you, unto delivered I also which that Lord the of received have I For 1Cor.11:23
not. you praise I this? in you praise I shall you? to say I shall what not? have that them shame and God, of church the ye despise or in? drink to and eat to houses not ye have What? 1Cor.11:22
drunken. is another and hungry, is one and supper: own his other before taketh one every eating in For 1Cor.11:21
supper. Lord's the eat to not is this place, one into therefore together come ye When 1Cor.11:20
you. among manifest made be may approved are which they that you, among heresies also be must there For 1Cor.11:19
it. believe partly I and you; among divisions be there that hear I church, the in together come ye when all, of first For 1Cor.11:18
worse. the for but better, the for not together come ye that not, you praise I you unto declare I that this in Now 1Cor.11:17
God. of churches the neither custom, such no have we contentious, be to seem man any if But 1Cor.11:16
covering. a for her given is hair her for her: to glory a is it hair, long have woman a if But 1Cor.11:15
him? unto shame a is it hair, long have man a if that, you, teach itself nature even not Doth 1Cor.11:14
uncovered? God unto pray woman a that comely it is yourselves: in Judge 1Cor.11:13
God. of things all but woman; the by also man the is so even man, the of is woman the as For 1Cor.11:12
Lord. the in man, the without woman the neither woman, the without man the is neither Nevertheless 1Cor.11:11
angels. the of because head her on power have to woman the ought cause this For 1Cor.11:10
man. the for woman the but woman; the for created man the was Neither 1Cor.11:9
man. the of woman the but woman: the of not is man the For 1Cor.11:8
man. the of glory the is woman the but God: of glory and image the is he as forasmuch head, his cover to not ought indeed man a For 1Cor.11:7
covered. be her let shaven, or shorn be to woman a for shame a be it if but shorn: be also her let covered, not be woman the if For 1Cor.11:6
shaven. were she if as one all even is that for head: her dishonoureth uncovered head her with prophesieth or prayeth that woman every But 1Cor.11:5
head. his dishonoureth covered, head his having prophesying, or praying man Every 1Cor.11:4
God. is Christ of head the and man; the is woman the of head the and Christ; is man every of head the that know, you have would I But 1Cor.11:3
you. to them delivered I as ordinances, the keep and things, all in me remember ye that brethren, you, praise I Now 1Cor.11:2
Christ. of am also I as even me, of followers ye Be 1Cor.11:1
saved. be may they that many, of profit the but profit, own mine seeking not things, all in men all please I as Even 1Cor.10:33
God: of church the to nor Gentiles, the to nor Jews, the to neither offence, none Give 1Cor.10:32
God. of glory the to all do do, ye whatsoever or drink, or eat, ye therefore Whether 1Cor.10:31
thanks? give I which for that for of spoken evil I am why partaker, a be grace by I if For 1Cor.10:30
conscience? man's another of judged liberty my is why for other: the of but own, thine not say, I Conscience, 1Cor.10:29
thereof: fulness the and Lord's, the is earth the for sake: conscience for and it, shewed that sake his for not eat idols, unto sacrifice in offered is this you, unto say man any if But 1Cor.10:28
sake. conscience for question no asking eat, you, before set is whatsoever go; to disposed be ye and feast, a to you bid not believe that them of any If 1Cor.10:27
thereof. fulness the and Lord's, the is earth the For 1Cor.10:26
sake: conscience for question no asking eat, that shambles, the in sold is Whatsoever 1Cor.10:25
wealth. another's man every but own, his seek man no Let 1Cor.10:24
not. edify things all but me, for lawful are things all expedient: not are things all but me, for lawful are things All 1Cor.10:23
he? than stronger we are jealousy? to Lord the provoke we Do 1Cor.10:22
devils. of table the of and table, Lord's the of partakers be cannot ye devils: of cup the and Lord, the of cup the drink cannot Ye 1Cor.10:21
devils. with fellowship have should ye that not would I and God: to not and devils, to sacrifice they sacrifice, Gentiles the which things the that say, I But 1Cor.10:20
thing? any is idols to sacrifice in offered is which that or thing, any is idol the that then? I say What 1Cor.10:19
altar? the of partakers sacrifices the of eat which they not are flesh: the after Israel Behold 1Cor.10:18
bread. one that of partakers all are we for body: one and bread, one are many being we For 1Cor.10:17
Christ? of body the of communion the not it is break, we which bread The Christ? of blood the of communion the not it is bless, we which blessing of cup The 1Cor.10:16
say. I what ye judge men; wise to as speak I 1Cor.10:15
idolatry. from flee beloved, dearly my Wherefore, 1Cor.10:14
it. bear to able be may ye that escape, to way a make also temptation the with will but able; are ye that above tempted be to you suffer not will who faithful, is God but man: to common is as such but you taken temptation no hath There 1Cor.10:13
fall. he lest heed take standeth he thinketh that him let Wherefore 1Cor.10:12
come. are world the of ends the whom upon admonition, our for written are they and examples: for them unto happened things these all Now 1Cor.10:11
destroyer. the of destroyed were and murmured, also them of some as ye, murmur Neither 1Cor.10:10
serpents. of destroyed were and tempted, also them of some as Christ, tempt us let Neither 1Cor.10:9
thousand. twenty and three day one in fell and committed, them of some as fornication, commit us let Neither 1Cor.10:8
play. to up rose and drink, and eat to down sat people The written, is it as them; of some were as idolaters, ye be Neither 1Cor.10:7
lusted. also they as things, evil after lust not should we intent the to examples, our were things these Now 1Cor.10:6
wilderness. the in overthrown were they for pleased: well not was God them of many with But 1Cor.10:5
Christ. was Rock that and them: followed that Rock spiritual that of drank they for drink: spiritual same the drink all did And 1Cor.10:4
meat; spiritual same the eat all did And 1Cor.10:3
sea; the in and cloud the in Moses unto baptized all were And 1Cor.10:2
sea; the through passed all and cloud, the under were fathers our all that how ignorant, be should ye that not would I brethren, Moreover, 1Cor.10:1
castaway. a be should myself I others, to preached have I when means, any by that lest subjection: into it bring and body, my under keep I But 1Cor.9:27
air: the beateth that one as not I, fight so uncertainly; as not run, so therefore I 1Cor.9:26
incorruptible. an we but crown; corruptible a obtain to it do they Now things. all in temperate is mastery the for striveth that man every And 1Cor.9:25
obtain. may ye that run, So prize? the receiveth one but all, run race a in run which they that not ye Know 1Cor.9:24
you. with thereof partaker be might I that sake, gospel's the for do I this And 1Cor.9:23
some. save means all by might I that men, all to things all made am I weak: the gain might I that weak, as I became weak the To 1Cor.9:22
law. without are that them gain might I that Christ,) to law the under but God, to law without not (being law, without as law, without are that them To 1Cor.9:21
law; the under are that them gain might I that law, the under as law, the under are that them to Jews; the gain might I that Jew, a as became I Jews the unto And 1Cor.9:20
more. the gain might I that all, unto servant myself made I have yet men, all from free be I though For 1Cor.9:19
gospel. the in power my not abuse I that charge, without Christ of gospel the make may I gospel, the preach I when that, Verily then? reward my is What 1Cor.9:18
me. unto committed is gospel the of dispensation a will, my against if but reward: a have I willingly, thing this do I if For 1Cor.9:17
gospel! the not preach I if me, unto is woe yea, me; upon laid is necessity for of: glory to nothing have I gospel, the preach I though For 1Cor.9:16
void. glorying my make should man any that than die, to me for better were it for me: unto done so be should it that things, these written I have neither things: these of none used have I But 1Cor.9:15
gospel. the of live should gospel the preach which they that ordained Lord the hath so Even 1Cor.9:14
altar? the with partakers are altar the at wait which they and temple? the of things the of live things holy about minister which they that know not ye Do 1Cor.9:13
Christ. of gospel the hinder should we lest things, all suffer but power; this used not have we Nevertheless rather? we not are you, over power this of partakers be others If 1Cor.9:12
things? carnal your reap shall we if thing great a it is things, spiritual you unto sown have we If 1Cor.9:11
hope. his of partaker be should hope in thresheth that he that and hope; in plow should ploweth that he that written: is this doubt, no sakes, our For sakes? our for altogether it he saith Or 1Cor.9:10
oxen? for care take God Doth corn. the out treadeth that ox the of mouth the muzzle not shalt thou Moses, of law the in written is it For 1Cor.9:9
also? same the law the not saith or man? a as things these I Say 1Cor.9:8
flock? the of milk the of not eateth and flock, a feedeth who or thereof? fruit the of not eateth and vineyard, a planteth who charges? own his at time any warfare a goeth Who 1Cor.9:7
working? forbear to power we not have Barnabas, and only I Or 1Cor.9:6
Cephas? and Lord, the of brethren the as and apostles, other as well as wife, a sister, a about lead to power not we Have 1Cor.9:5
drink? to and eat to power not we Have 1Cor.9:4
this, is me examine do that them to answer Mine 1Cor.9:3
Lord. the in ye are apostleship mine of seal the for you: to am I doubtless yet others, unto apostle an not be I If 1Cor.9:2
Lord? the in work my ye not are Lord? our Christ Jesus seen not I have free? not I am apostle? an not am I Am 1Cor.9:1
offend. to brother my make I lest standeth, world the while flesh no eat will I offend, to brother my make meat if Wherefore, 1Cor.8:13
Christ. against sin ye conscience, weak their wound and brethren, the against so sin ye when But 1Cor.8:12
died? Christ whom for perish, brother weak the shall knowledge thy through And 1Cor.8:11
idols; to offered are which things those eat to emboldened be weak is which him of conscience the not shall temple, idol's the in meat at sit knowledge hast which thee see man any if For 1Cor.8:10
weak. are that them to stumblingblock a become yours of liberty this means any by lest heed take But 1Cor.8:9
worse. the we are not, eat we if neither, better; the we are eat, we if neither, for God: to not us commendeth meat But 1Cor.8:8
defiled. is weak being conscience their and idol; an unto offered thing a as it eat hour this unto idol the of conscience with some for knowledge: that man every in not is there Howbeit 1Cor.8:7
him. by we and things, all are whom by Christ, Jesus Lord one and him; in we and things, all are whom of Father, the God, one but is there us to But 1Cor.8:6
many,) lords and many, gods be there (as earth, in or heaven in whether gods, called are that be there though For 1Cor.8:5
one. but God other none is there that and world, the in nothing is idol an that know we idols, unto sacrifice in offered are that things those of eating the therefore concerning As 1Cor.8:4
him. of known is same the God, love man any if But 1Cor.8:3
know. to ought he as yet nothing knoweth he thing, any knoweth he that think man any if And 1Cor.8:2
edifieth. charity but up, puffeth Knowledge knowledge. have all we that know we idols, unto offered things touching as Now 1Cor.8:1
God. of Spirit the have I that also think I and judgment: my after abide, so she if happier is she But 1Cor.7:40
Lord. the in only will; she whom to married be to liberty at is she dead, be husband her if but liveth; husband her as long as law the by bound is wife The 1Cor.7:39
better. doeth marriage in not her giveth that he but well; doeth marriage in her giveth that he then So 1Cor.7:38
well. doeth virgin, his keep will he that heart his in decreed so hath and will, own his over power hath but necessity, no having heart, his in stedfast standeth that he Nevertheless 1Cor.7:37
marry. them let not: sinneth he will, he what do him let require, so need and age, her of flower the pass she if virgin, his toward uncomely himself behaveth he that think man any if But 1Cor.7:36
distraction. without Lord the upon attend may ye that and comely, is which that for but you, upon snare a cast may I that not profit; own your for speak I this And 1Cor.7:35
husband. her please may she how world, the of things the for careth married is that she but spirit: in and body in both holy be may she that Lord, the of things the for careth woman unmarried The virgin. a and wife a between also difference is There 1Cor.7:34
wife. his please may he how world, the of are that things the for careth married is that he But 1Cor.7:33
Lord: the please may he how Lord, the to belong that things the for careth unmarried is that He carefulness. without you have would I But 1Cor.7:32
away. passeth world this of fashion the for it: abusing not as world, this use that they And 1Cor.7:31
not; possessed they though as buy, that they and not; rejoiced they though as rejoice, that they and not; wept they though as weep, that they And 1Cor.7:30
none; had they though as be wives have that they both that remaineth, it short: is time the brethren, say, I this But 1Cor.7:29
you. spare I but flesh: the in trouble have shall such Nevertheless sinned. not hath she marry, virgin a if and sinned; not hast thou marry, thou if and But 1Cor.7:28
wife. a not seek wife? a from loosed thou Art loosed. be to not seek wife? a unto bound thou Art 1Cor.7:27
be. to so man a for good is it that say, I distress, present the for good is this that therefore suppose I 1Cor.7:26
faithful. be to Lord the of mercy obtained hath that one as judgment, my give I yet Lord: the of commandment no have I virgins concerning Now 1Cor.7:25
God. with abide therein called, is he wherein man, every let Brethren, 1Cor.7:24
men. of servants the ye not be price; a with bought are Ye 1Cor.7:23
servant. Christ's is free, being called, is that he also likewise freeman: Lord's the is servant, a being Lord, the in called is that he For 1Cor.7:22
rather. it use free, made be mayest thou if but it: for not care servant? a being called thou Art 1Cor.7:21
called. was he wherein calling same the in abide man every Let 1Cor.7:20
God. of commandments the of keeping the but nothing, is uncircumcision and nothing, is Circumcision 1Cor.7:19
circumcised. be not him let uncircumcision? in called any Is uncircumcised. become not him let circumcised? being called man any Is 1Cor.7:18
churches. all in I ordain so And walk. him let so one, every called hath Lord the as man, every to distributed hath God as But 1Cor.7:17
wife? thy save shalt thou whether man, O thou, knowest how or husband? thy save shalt thou whether wife, O thou, knowest what For 1Cor.7:16
peace. to us called hath God but cases: such in bondage under not is sister a or brother A depart. him let depart, unbelieving the if But 1Cor.7:15
holy. they are now but unclean; children your were else husband: the by sanctified is wife unbelieving the and wife, the by sanctified is husband unbelieving the For 1Cor.7:14
him. leave not her let her, with dwell to pleased be he if and not, believeth that husband an hath which woman the And 1Cor.7:13
away. her put not him let him, with dwell to pleased be she and not, believeth that wife a hath brother any If Lord: the not I, speak rest the to But 1Cor.7:12
wife. his away put husband the not let and husband: her to reconciled be or unmarried remain her let depart, she if and But 1Cor.7:11
husband: her from depart wife the not Let Lord, the but I, not yet command, I married the unto And 1Cor.7:10
burn. to than marry to better is it for marry: them let contain, cannot they if But 1Cor.7:9
I. as even abide they if them for good is it widows, and unmarried the to therefore say I 1Cor.7:8
that. after another and manner, this after one God, of gift proper his hath man every But myself. I as even were men all that would I For 1Cor.7:7
commandment. of not and permission, by this speak I But 1Cor.7:6
incontinency. your for not you tempt Satan that again, together come and prayer; and fasting to yourselves give may ye that time, a for consent with be it except other, the one not ye Defraud 1Cor.7:5
wife. the but body, own his of power not hath husband the also likewise and husband: the but body, own her of power not hath wife The 1Cor.7:4
husband. the unto wife the also likewise and benevolence: due wife the unto render husband the Let 1Cor.7:3
husband. own her have woman every let and wife, own his have man every let fornication, avoid to Nevertheless, 1Cor.7:2
woman. a touch to not man a for good is It me: unto wrote ye whereof things the concerning Now 1Cor.7:1
God's. are which spirit, your in and body, your in God glorify therefore price: a with bought are ye For 1Cor.6:20
own? your not are ye and God, of have ye which you, in is which Ghost Holy the of temple the is body your that not ye know What? 1Cor.6:19
body. own his against sinneth fornication committeth that he but body; the without is doeth man a that sin Every fornication. Flee 1Cor.6:18
spirit. one is Lord the unto joined is that he But 1Cor.6:17
flesh. one be shall he, saith two, for body? one is harlot an to joined is which he that not ye know What? 1Cor.6:16
forbid. God harlot? an of members the them make and Christ, of members the take then I shall Christ? of members the are bodies your that not ye Know 1Cor.6:15
power. own his by us up raise also will and Lord, the up raised both hath God And 1Cor.6:14
body. the for Lord the and Lord; the for but fornication, for not is body the Now them. and it both destroy shall God but meats: for belly the and belly, the for Meats 1Cor.6:13
any. of power the under brought be not will I but me, for lawful are things all expedient: not are things all but me, unto lawful are things All 1Cor.6:12
God. our of Spirit the by and Jesus, Lord the of name the in justified are ye but sanctified, are ye but washed, are ye but you: of some were such And 1Cor.6:11
God. of kingdom the inherit shall extortioners, nor revilers, nor drunkards, nor covetous, nor thieves, Nor 1Cor.6:10
mankind, with themselves of abusers nor effeminate, nor adulterers, nor idolaters, nor fornicators, neither deceived: not Be God? of kingdom the inherit not shall unrighteous the that not ye Know 1Cor.6:9
brethren. your that and defraud, and wrong, do ye Nay, 1Cor.6:8
defrauded? be to yourselves suffer rather not ye do why wrong? take rather not ye do Why another. with one law to go ye because you, among fault a utterly is there therefore Now 1Cor.6:7
unbelievers. the before that and brother, with law to goeth brother But 1Cor.6:6
brethren? his between judge to able be shall that one not no, you? among man wise a not is there that so, it Is shame. your to speak I 1Cor.6:5
church. the in esteemed least are who judge to them set life, this to pertaining things of judgments have ye then If 1Cor.6:4
life? this to pertain that things more much how angels? judge shall we that not ye Know 1Cor.6:3
matters? smallest the judge to unworthy ye are you, by judged be shall world the if and world? the judge shall saints the that know not ye Do 1Cor.6:2
saints? the before not and unjust, the before law to go another, against matter a having you, of any Dare 1Cor.6:1
person. wicked that yourselves among from away put Therefore judgeth. God without are that them But 1Cor.5:13
within? are that them judge ye not do without? are that also them judge to do to I have what For 1Cor.5:12
eat. to not no one an such with extortioner; an or drunkard, a or railer, a or idolator, an or covetous, or fornicator, a be brother a called is that man any if company, keep to not you unto written have I now But 1Cor.5:11
world. the of out go needs ye must then for idolaters; with or extortioners, or covetous, the with or world, this of fornicators the with altogether not Yet 1Cor.5:10
fornicators: with company to not epistle an in you unto wrote I 1Cor.5:9
truth. and sincerity of bread unleavened the with but wickedness; and malice of leaven the with neither leaven, old with not feast, the keep us let Therefore 1Cor.5:8
us: for sacrificed is passover our Christ even For unleavened. are ye as lump, new a be may ye that leaven, old the therefore out Purge 1Cor.5:7
lump? whole the leaveneth leaven little a that not ye Know good. not is glorying Your 1Cor.5:6
Jesus. Lord the of day the in saved be may spirit the that flesh, the of destruction the for Satan unto one an such deliver To 1Cor.5:5
Christ, Jesus Lord our of power the with spirit, my and together, gathered are ye when Christ, Jesus Lord our of name the In 1Cor.5:4
deed, this done so hath that him concerning present, were I though as already, judged have spirit, in present but body, in absent as verily, I For 1Cor.5:3
you. among from away taken be might deed this done hath that he that mourned, rather not have and up, puffed are ye And 1Cor.5:2
wife. father's his have should one that Gentiles, the among named as much so not is as fornication such and you, among fornication is there that commonly reported is It 1Cor.5:1
meekness? of spirit the in and love, in or rod, a with you unto come I shall ye? will What 1Cor.4:21
power. in but word, in not is God of kingdom the For 1Cor.4:20
power. the but up, puffed are which them of speech the not know, will and will, Lord the if shortly, you to come will I But 1Cor.4:19
you. to come not would I though as up, puffed are some Now 1Cor.4:18
church. every in where every teach I as Christ, in be which ways my of remembrance into you bring shall who Lord, the in faithful and son, beloved my is who Timotheus, you unto sent I have cause this For 1Cor.4:17
me. of followers ye be you, beseech I Wherefore 1Cor.4:16
gospel. the through you begotten have I Jesus Christ in for fathers: many not ye have yet Christ, in instructers thousand ten have ye though For 1Cor.4:15
you. warn I sons beloved my as but you, shame to things these not write I 1Cor.4:14
day. this unto things all of offscouring the are and world, the of filth the as made are we intreat: we defamed, Being 1Cor.4:13
it: suffer we persecuted, being bless; we reviled, being hands: own our with working labour, And 1Cor.4:12
dwellingplace; certain no have and buffeted, are and naked, are and thirst, and hunger, both we hour present this unto Even 1Cor.4:11
despised. are we but honourable, are ye strong; are ye but weak, are we Christ; in wise are ye but sake, Christ's for fools are We 1Cor.4:10
men. to and angels, to and world, the unto spectacle a made are we for death: to appointed were it as last, apostles the us forth set hath God that think I For 1Cor.4:9
you. with reign might also we that reign, did ye God to would I and us: without kings as reigned have ye rich, are ye now full, are ye Now 1Cor.4:8
it? received not hadst thou if as glory, thou dost why it, receive didst thou if now receive? not didst thou that thou hast what and another? from differ to thee maketh who For 1Cor.4:7
another. against one for up puffed be you of one no that written, is which that above men of think to not us in learn might ye that sakes; your for Apollos to and myself to transferred figure a in have I brethren, things, these And 1Cor.4:6
God. of praise have man every shall then and hearts: the of counsels the manifest make will and darkness, of things hidden the light to bring will both who come, Lord the until time, the before nothing judge Therefore 1Cor.4:5
Lord. the is me judgeth that he but justified: hereby not I am yet myself; by nothing know I For 1Cor.4:4
self. own mine not judge I yea, judgment: man's of or you, of judged be should I that thing small very a is it me with But 1Cor.4:3
faithful. found be man a that stewards, in required is it Moreover 1Cor.4:2
God. of mysteries the of stewards and Christ, of ministers the of as us, of account so man a Let 1Cor.4:1
God's. is Christ and Christ's; are ye And 1Cor.3:23
your's; are all come; to things or present, things or death, or life, or world, the or Cephas, or Apollos, or Paul, Whether 1Cor.3:22
your's; are things all For men. in glory man no let Therefore 1Cor.3:21
vain. are they that wise, the of thoughts the knoweth Lord The again, And 1Cor.3:20
craftiness. own their in wise the taketh He written, is it For God. with foolishness is world this of wisdom the For 1Cor.3:19
wise. be may he that fool, a become him let world, this in wise be to seemeth you among man any If himself. deceive man no Let 1Cor.3:18
are. ye temple which holy, is God of temple the for destroy; God shall him God, of temple the defile man any If 1Cor.3:17
you? in dwelleth God of Spirit the that and God, of temple the are ye that not ye Know 1Cor.3:16
fire. by as so yet saved; be shall himself he but loss: suffer shall he burned, be shall work man's any If 1Cor.3:15
reward. a receive shall he thereupon, built hath he which abide work man's any If 1Cor.3:14
is. it sort what of work man's every try shall fire the and fire; by revealed be shall it because it, declare shall day the for manifest: made be shall work man's Every 1Cor.3:13
stubble; hay, wood, stones, precious silver, gold, foundation this upon build man any if Now 1Cor.3:12
Christ. Jesus is which laid, is that than lay man no can foundation other For 1Cor.3:11
thereupon. buildeth he how heed take man every let But thereon. buildeth another and foundation, the laid have I masterbuilder, wise a as me, unto given is which God of grace the to According 1Cor.3:10
building. God's are ye husbandry, God's are ye God: with together labourers are we For 1Cor.3:9
labour. own his to according reward own his receive shall man every and one: are watereth that he and planteth that he Now 1Cor.3:8
increase. the giveth that God but watereth; that he neither thing, any planteth that he is neither then So 1Cor.3:7
increase. the gave God but watered; Apollos planted, have I 1Cor.3:6
man? every to gave Lord the as even believed, ye whom by ministers but Apollos, is who and Paul, is then Who 1Cor.3:5
carnal? not ye are Apollos; of am I another, and Paul; of am I saith, one while For 1Cor.3:4
men? as walk and carnal, not ye are divisions, and strife, and envying, you among is there whereas for carnal: yet are ye For 1Cor.3:3
able. ye are now yet neither it, bear to able not were ye hitherto for meat: with not and milk, with you fed have I 1Cor.3:2
Christ. in babes unto as even carnal, unto as but spiritual, unto as you unto speak not could brethren, I, And 1Cor.3:1
Christ. of mind the have we but him? instruct may he that Lord, the of mind the known hath who For 1Cor.2:16
man. no of judged is himself he yet things, all judgeth spiritual is that he But 1Cor.2:15
discerned. spiritually are they because them, know he can neither him: unto foolishness are they for God: of Spirit the of things the not receiveth man natural the But 1Cor.2:14
spiritual. with things spiritual comparing teacheth; Ghost Holy the which but teacheth, wisdom man's which words the in not speak, we also things Which 1Cor.2:13
God. of us to given freely are that things the know might we that God; of is which spirit the but world, the of spirit the not received, have we Now 1Cor.2:12
God. of Spirit the but man, no knoweth God of things the so even him? in is which man of spirit the save man, a of things the knoweth man what For 1Cor.2:11
God. of things deep the yea, things, all searcheth Spirit the for Spirit: his by us unto them revealed hath God But 1Cor.2:10
him. love that them for prepared hath God which things the man, of heart the into entered have neither heard, ear nor seen, not hath Eye written, is it as But 1Cor.2:9
glory. of Lord the crucified have not would they it, known they had for knew: world this of princes the of none Which 1Cor.2:8
glory: our unto world the before ordained God which wisdom, hidden the even mystery, a in God of wisdom the speak we But 1Cor.2:7
nought: to come that world, this of princes the of nor world, this of wisdom the not yet perfect: are that them among wisdom speak we Howbeit 1Cor.2:6
God. of power the in but men, of wisdom the in stand not should faith your That 1Cor.2:5
power: of and Spirit the of demonstration in but wisdom, man's of words enticing with not was preaching my and speech my And 1Cor.2:4
trembling. much in and fear, in and weakness, in you with was I And 1Cor.2:3
crucified. him and Christ, Jesus save you, among thing any know to not determined I For 1Cor.2:2
God. of testimony the you unto declaring wisdom, of or speech of excellency with not came you, to came I when brethren, I, And 1Cor.2:1
Lord. the in glory him let glorieth, that He written, is it as according That, 1Cor.1:31
redemption: and sanctification, and righteousness, and wisdom, us unto made is God of who Jesus, Christ in ye are him of But 1Cor.1:30
presence. his in glory should flesh no That 1Cor.1:29
are: that things nought to bring to not, are which things and yea, chosen, God hath despised, are which things and world, the of things base And 1Cor.1:28
mighty; are which things the confound to world the of things weak the chosen hath God and wise; the confound to world the of things foolish the chosen hath God But 1Cor.1:27
called: are noble, many not mighty, many not flesh, the after men wise many not that how brethren, calling, your see ye For 1Cor.1:26
men. than stronger is God of weakness the and men; than wiser is God of foolishness the Because 1Cor.1:25
God. of wisdom the and God, of power the Christ Greeks, and Jews both called, are which them unto But 1Cor.1:24
foolishness; Greeks the unto and stumblingblock, a Jews the unto crucified, Christ preach we But 1Cor.1:23
wisdom: after seek Greeks the and sign, a require Jews the For 1Cor.1:22
believe. that them save to preaching of foolishness the by God pleased it God, not knew wisdom by world the God of wisdom the in that after For 1Cor.1:21
world? this of wisdom the foolish made God not hath world? this of disputer the is where scribe? the is where wise? the is Where 1Cor.1:20
prudent. the of understanding the nothing to bring will and wise, the of wisdom the destroy will I written, is it For 1Cor.1:19
God. of power the is it saved are which us unto but foolishness; perish that them to is cross the of preaching the For 1Cor.1:18
effect. none of made be should Christ of cross the lest words, of wisdom with not gospel: the preach to but baptize, to not me sent Christ For 1Cor.1:17
other. any baptized I whether not know I besides, Stephanas: of household the also baptized I And 1Cor.1:16
name. own mine in baptized had I that say should any Lest 1Cor.1:15
Gaius; and Crispus but you, of none baptized I that God thank I 1Cor.1:14
Paul? of name the in baptized ye were or you? for crucified Paul was divided? Christ Is 1Cor.1:13
Christ. of I and Cephas; of I and Apollos; of I and Paul; of am I saith, you of one every that say, I this Now 1Cor.1:12
you. among contentions are there that Chloe, of house the of are which them by brethren, my you, of me unto declared been hath it For 1Cor.1:11
judgment. same the in and mind same the in together joined perfectly be ye that but you; among divisions no be there that and thing, same the speak all ye that Christ, Jesus Lord our of name the by brethren, you, beseech I Now 1Cor.1:10
Lord. our Christ Jesus Son his of fellowship the unto called were ye whom by faithful, is God 1Cor.1:9
Christ. Jesus Lord our of day the in blameless be may ye that end, the unto you confirm also shall Who 1Cor.1:8
Christ: Jesus Lord our of coming the for waiting gift; no in behind come ye that So 1Cor.1:7
you: in confirmed was Christ of testimony the as Even 1Cor.1:6
knowledge; all in and utterance, all in him, by enriched are ye thing every in That 1Cor.1:5
Christ; Jesus by you given is which God of grace the for behalf, your on always God my thank I 1Cor.1:4
Christ. Jesus Lord the from and Father, our God from peace, and you, unto be Grace 1Cor.1:3
our's: and their's both Lord, our Christ Jesus of name the upon call place every in that all with saints, be to called Jesus, Christ in sanctified are that them to Corinth, at is which God of church the Unto 1Cor.1:2
brother, our Sosthenes and God, of will the through Christ Jesus of apostle an be to called Paul 1Cor.1:1
Corinthians 1
Amen. ever. for Christ Jesus through glory be wise, only God To
faith: of obedience the for nations all to known made God, everlasting the of commandment the to according prophets, the of scriptures the by and manifest, made is now But
began, world the since secret kept was which mystery, the of revelation the to according Christ, Jesus of preaching the and gospel, my to according you stablish to power of is that him to Now
Amen. all. you with be Christ Jesus Lord our of grace The
brother. a Quartus and you, saluteth city the of chamberlain the Erastus you. saluteth church, whole the of and host, mine Gaius
Lord. the in you salute epistle, this wrote who Tertius, I
you. salute kinsmen, my Sosipater, and Jason, and Lucius, and workfellow, my Timotheus
Amen. you. with be Christ Jesus Lord our of grace The shortly. feet your under Satan bruise shall peace of God the And
evil. concerning simple and good, is which that unto wise you have would I yet but behalf: your on therefore glad am I men. all unto abroad come is obedience your For
simple. the of hearts the deceive speeches fair and words good by and belly; own their but Christ, Jesus Lord our not serve such are that they For
them. avoid and learned; have ye which doctrine the to contrary offences and divisions cause which them mark brethren, you, beseech I Now
you. salute Christ of churches The kiss. holy an with another one Salute
them. with are which saints the all and Olympas, and sister, his and Nereus, Julia, and Philologus, Salute
them. with are which brethren the and Hermes, Patrobas, Hermas, Phlegon, Asyncritus, Salute
mine. and mother his and Lord, the in chosen Rufus Salute
Lord. the in much laboured which Persis, beloved the Salute Lord. the in labour who Tryphosa, and Tryphena Salute
Lord. the in are which Narcissus, of household the of be that them Greet kinsman. my Herodion Salute
household. Aristobulus' of are which them Salute Christ. in approved Apelles Salute
beloved. my Stachys and Christ, in helper our Urbane, Salute
Lord. the in beloved my Amplias Greet
me. before Christ in were also who apostles, the among note of are who fellow-prisoners, my and kinsmen, my Junia, and Andronicus Salute
us. on labour much bestowed who Mary, Greet
Christ. unto Achaia of firstfruits the is who Epaenetus, well-beloved my Salute house. their in is that church the greet Likewise
Gentiles. the of churches the all also but thanks, give I only not whom unto necks: own their down laid life my for have Who
Jesus: Christ in helpers my Aquila and Priscilla Greet
also. myself of and many, of succourer a been hath she for you: of need hath she business whatsoever in her assist ye that and saints, becometh as Lord, the in her receive ye That
Cenchrea: at is which church the of servant a is which sister, our Phebe you unto commend I
Amen. all. you with be peace of God the Now
refreshed. be you with may and God, of will the by joy with you unto come may I That
saints; the of accepted be may Jerusalem for have I which service my that and Judaea; in believe not do that them from delivered be may I That
me; for God to prayers your in me with together strive ye that Spirit, the of love the for and sake, Christ's Jesus Lord the for brethren, you, beseech I Now
Christ. of gospel the of blessing the of fulness the in come shall I you, unto come I when that, sure am I And
Spain. into you by come will I fruit, this them to sealed have and this, performed have I therefore When
things. carnal in them unto minister to also is duty their things, spiritual their of partakers made been have Gentiles the if For are. they debtors their and verily; them pleased hath It
Jerusalem. at are which saints poor the for contribution certain a make to Achaia and Macedonia of them pleased hath it For
saints. the unto minister to Jerusalem unto go I now But
company. your with filled somewhat be I first if you, by thitherward way my on brought be to and journey, my in you see to trust I for you: to come will I Spain, into journey my take I Whensoever
you; unto come to years many these desire great a having and parts, these in place more no having now But
you. to coming from hindered much been have I also cause which For
understand. shall heard not have that they and see: shall they of, spoken not was he whom To written, is it as But
foundation: man's another upon build should I lest named, was Christ where not gospel, the preach to strived I have so Yea,
Christ. of gospel the preached fully have I Illyricum, unto about round and Jerusalem, from that so God; of Spirit the of power the by wonders, and signs mighty Through
deed, and word by obedient, Gentiles the make to me, by wrought not hath Christ which things those of any of speak to dare not will I For
God. to pertain which things those in Christ Jesus through glory may I whereof therefore have I
Ghost. Holy the by sanctified being acceptable, be might Gentiles the of up offering the that God, of gospel the ministering Gentiles, the to Christ Jesus of minister the be should I That
God, of me to given is that grace the of because mind, in you putting as sort, some in you unto boldly more the written have I brethren, Nevertheless,
another. one admonish to also able knowledge, all with filled goodness, of full are also ye that brethren, my you, of persuaded am also myself I And
Ghost. Holy the of power the through hope, in abound may ye that believing, in peace and joy all with you fill hope of God the Now
trust. Gentiles the shall him in Gentiles; the over reign to rise shall that he and Jesse, of root a be shall There saith, Esaias again, And
people. ye all him, laud and Gentiles; ye all Lord, the Praise again, And
people. his with Gentiles, ye Rejoice, saith, he again And
name. thy unto sing and Gentiles, the among thee to confess will I cause this For written, is it as mercy; his for God glorify might Gentiles the that And
fathers: the unto made promises the confirm to God, of truth the for circumcision the of minister a was Christ Jesus that say I Now
God. of glory the to us received also Christ as another, one ye receive Wherefore
Christ. Jesus Lord our of Father the even God, glorify mouth one and mind one with may ye That
Jesus: Christ to according another toward one likeminded be to you grant consolation and patience of God the Now
hope. have might scriptures the of comfort and patience through we that learning, our for written were aforetime written were things whatsoever For
me. on fell thee reproached that them of reproaches The written, is it as but, himself; not pleased Christ even For
edification. to good his for neighbour his please us of one every Let
ourselves. please to not and weak, the of infirmities the bear to ought strong are that then We
sin. is faith of not is whatsoever for faith: of not eateth he because eat, he if damned is doubteth that he And
alloweth. he which thing that in himself not condemneth that he is Happy God. before thyself to it have faith? thou Hast
weak. made is or offended, is or stumbleth, brother thy whereby thing any nor wine, drink to nor flesh, eat to neither good is It
offence. with eateth who man that for evil is it but pure; are indeed things All God. of work the not destroy meat For
another. edify may one wherewith things and peace, for make which things the after follow therefore us Let
men. of approved and God, to acceptable is Christ serveth things these in that he For
Ghost. Holy the in joy and peace, and righteousness, but drink; and meat not is God of kingdom the For
of: spoken evil be good your then not Let
died. Christ whom for meat, thy with him not Destroy charitably. not thou walkest now meat, thy with grieved be brother thy if But
unclean. is it him to unclean, be to thing any esteemeth that him to but itself: of unclean nothing is there that Jesus, Lord the by persuaded am and know, I
way. brother's his in fall to occasion an or stumblingblock a put man no that rather, this judge but more: any another one judge therefore not us Let
God. to himself of account give shall us of one every then So
God. to confess shall tongue every and me, to bow shall knee every Lord, the saith live, I As written, is it For
Christ. of seat judgment the before stand all shall we for brother? thy nought at set thou dost why or brother? thy judge thou dost why But
living. and dead the of both Lord be might he that revived, and rose, and died, both Christ end this to For
Lord's. the are we die, or therefore, live we whether Lord: the unto die we die, we whether and Lord; the unto live we live, we whether For
himself. to dieth man no and himself, to liveth us of none For
thanks. God giveth and not, eateth he Lord the to not, eateth that he and thanks; God giveth he for Lord, the to eateth eateth, that He it. regard not doth he Lord the to day, the not regardeth that he and Lord; the unto it regardeth day, the regardeth that He
mind. own his in persuaded fully be man every Let alike. day every esteemeth another another: above day one esteemeth man One
stand. him make to able is God for up: holden be shall he Yea, falleth. or standeth he master own his to servant? man's another judgest that thou art Who
him. received hath God for eateth: that him judge not eateth which him not let and not; eateth that him despise eateth that him not Let
herbs. eateth weak, is who another, things: all eat may he that believeth one For
disputations. doubtful to not but ye, receive faith the in weak is that Him
thereof. lusts the fulfil to flesh, the for provision not make and Christ, Jesus Lord the on ye put But
envying. and strife in not wantonness, and chambering in not drunkenness, and rioting in not day; the in as honestly, walk us Let
light. of armour the on put us let and darkness, of works the off cast therefore us let hand: at is day the spent, far is night The
believed. we when than nearer salvation our is now for sleep: of out awake to time high is it now that time, the knowing that, And
law. the of fulfilling the is love therefore neighbour: his to ill no worketh Love
thyself. as neighbour thy love shalt Thou namely, saying, this in comprehended briefly is it commandment, other any be there if and covet; not shalt Thou witness, false bear not shalt Thou steal, not shalt Thou kill, not shalt Thou adultery, commit not shalt Thou this, For
law. the fulfilled hath another loveth that he for another: one love to but thing, any man no Owe
honour. whom to honour fear; whom to fear custom; whom to custom due; is tribute whom to tribute dues: their all to therefore Render
thing. very this upon continually attending ministers, God's are they for also: tribute ye pay cause this for For
sake. conscience for also but wrath, for only not subject, be needs must ye Wherefore
evil. doeth that him upon wrath execute to revenger a God, of minister the is he for vain: in sword the not beareth he for afraid; be evil, is which that do thou if But good. for thee to God of minister the is he For
same: the of praise have shalt thou and good, is which that do power? the of afraid be not then thou Wilt evil. the to but works, good to terror a not are rulers For
damnation. themselves to receive shall resist that they and God: of ordinance the resisteth power, the resisteth therefore Whosoever
God. of ordained are be that powers the God: of but power no is there For powers. higher the unto subject be soul every Let
good. with evil overcome but evil, of overcome not Be
head. his on fire of coals heap shalt thou doing so in for drink: him give thirst, he if him; feed hunger, enemy thine if Therefore
Lord. the saith repay, will I mine; is Vengeance written, is it for wrath: unto place give rather but yourselves, not avenge beloved, Dearly
men. all with peaceably live you, in lieth as much as possible, be it If
men. all of sight the in honest things Provide evil. for evil man no to Recompense
conceits. own your in wise not Be estate. low of men to condescend but things, high not Mind another. toward one mind same the of Be
weep. that them with weep and rejoice, do that them with Rejoice
not. curse and bless, you: persecute which them Bless
hospitality. to given saints; of necessity the to Distributing
prayer; in instant continuing tribulation; in patient hope; in Rejoicing
Lord; the serving spirit; in fervent business; in slothful Not
another; one preferring honour in love; brotherly with another to one affectioned kindly Be
good. is which that to cleave evil; is which that Abhor dissimulation. without be love Let
cheerfulness. with mercy, sheweth that he diligence; with ruleth, that he simplicity; with it do him let giveth, that he exhortation: on exhorteth, that he Or
teaching; on teacheth, that he or ministering: our on wait us let ministry, Or
faith; of proportion the to according prophesy us let prophecy, whether us, to given is that grace the to according differing gifts then Having
another. of one members one every and Christ, in body one are many, being we, So
office: same the not have members all and body, one in members many have we as For
faith. of measure the man every to dealt hath God as according soberly, think to but think; to ought he than highly more himself of think to not you, among is that man every to me, unto given grace the through say, I For
God. of will perfect, and acceptable, and good, that is what prove may ye that mind, your of renewing the by transformed ye be but world: this to conformed not be And
service. reasonable your is which God, unto acceptable holy, sacrifice, living a bodies your present ye that God, of mercies the by brethren, therefore, you beseech I
Amen. ever. for glory be whom to things: all are him, to and him, through and him, of For
again? him unto recompensed be shall it and him, to given first hath who Or
counsellor? his been hath who or Lord? the of mind the known hath who For
out! finding past ways his and judgments, his are unsearchable how God! of knowledge and wisdom the of both riches the of depth the O
all. upon mercy have might he that unbelief, in all them concluded hath God For
mercy. obtain may also they mercy your through that believed, not now also these have so Even
unbelief: their through mercy obtained now have yet God, believed not have past times in ye as For
repentance. without are God of calling and gifts the For
sakes. father's the for beloved are they election, the touching as but sakes: your for enemies are they gospel, the concerning As
sins. their away take shall I when them, unto covenant my is this For
Jacob: from ungodliness away turn shall and Deliverer, the Sion of out come shall There written, is it as saved: be shall Israel all so And
in. come be Gentiles the of fulness the until Israel, to happened is part in blindness that conceits; own your in wise be should ye lest mystery, this of ignorant be should ye that brethren, not, would I For
tree? olive own their into grafted be branches, natural the be which these, shall more much how tree: olive good a into nature to contrary grafted wert and nature, by wild is which tree olive the of out cut wert thou if For
again. in them graft to able is God for in: grafted be shall unbelief, in still not abide they if also, they And
off. cut be shalt also thou otherwise goodness: his in continue thou if goodness, thee, toward but severity; fell, which them on God: of severity and goodness the therefore Behold
thee. not spare also he lest heed take branches, natural the not spared God if For
fear: but highminded, not Be faith. by standest thou and off, broken were they unbelief of because Well;
in. grafted be might I that off, broken were branches The then, say wilt Thou
thee. root the but root, the not bearest thou boast, thou if But branches. the against not Boast
tree; olive the of fatness and root the of partakest them with and them, among in grafted wert tree, olive wild a being thou, and off, broken be branches the of some if And
branches. the are so holy, be root the if and holy: also is lump the holy, be firstfruit the if For
dead? the from life but be, them of receiving the shall what world, the of reconciling the be them of away casting the if For
them. of some save might and flesh, my are which them emulation to provoke may I means any by If
office: mine magnify I Gentiles, the of apostle the am I as inasmuch Gentiles, you to speak I For
fulness? their more much how Gentiles; the of riches the them of diminishing the and world, the of riches the be them of fall the if Now
jealousy. to them provoke to for Gentiles, the unto come is salvation fall their through rather but forbid: God fall? should they that stumbled they Have then, say I
alway. back their down bow and see, not may they that darkened, be eyes their Let
them: unto recompence a and stumblingblock, a and trap, a and snare, a made be table their Let saith, David And
day. this unto hear;) not should they that ears and see, not should they that eyes slumber, of spirit the them given hath God written, is it as (According
blinded. were rest the and it, obtained hath election the but for; seeketh he which that obtained not hath Israel then? What
work. more no is work otherwise grace: more no is it then works, of be it if But grace. more no is grace otherwise works: of more no it is then grace, by if And
grace. of election the to according remnant a is there also time present this at then so Even
Baal. of image the to knee the bowed not have who men, thousand seven myself to reserved have I him? unto God of answer the saith what But
life. my seek they and alone, left am I and altars; thine down digged and prophets, thy killed have they Lord,
saying, Israel against God to intercession maketh he how Elias? of saith scripture the what not ye Wot foreknew. he which people his away cast not hath God
Benjamin. of tribe the of Abraham, of seed the of Israelite, an am also I For forbid. God people? his away cast God Hath then, say I
people. gainsaying and disobedient a unto hands my forth stretched have I long day All saith, he Israel to But
me. after not asked that them unto manifest made was I not; me sought that them of found was I saith, and bold, very is Esaias But
you. anger will I nation foolish a by and people, no are that them by jealousy to you provoke will I saith, Moses First know? Israel not Did say, I But
world. the of ends the unto words their and earth, the all into went sound their verily, Yes heard? not they Have say, I But
God. of word the by hearing and hearing, by cometh faith then So
report? our believed hath who Lord, saith, Esaias For gospel. the obeyed all not have they But
things! good of tidings glad bring and peace, of gospel the preach that them of feet the are beautiful How written, is it as sent? be they except preach, they shall how And
preacher? a without hear they shall how and heard? not have they whom of him in believe they shall how and believed? not have they whom in him on call they shall then How
saved. be shall Lord the of name the upon call shall whosoever For
him. upon call that all unto rich is all over Lord same the for Greek: the and Jew the between difference no is there For
ashamed. be not shall him on believeth Whosoever saith, scripture the For
salvation. unto made is confession mouth the with and righteousness; unto believeth man heart the with For
saved. be shalt thou dead, the from him raised hath God that heart thine in believe shalt and Jesus, Lord the mouth thy with confess shalt thou if That
preach; we which faith, of word the is, that heart: thy in and mouth, thy in even thee, nigh is word The it? saith what But
dead.) the from again Christ up bring to is, (that deep? the into descend shall Who Or,
above:) from down Christ bring to is, (that heaven? into ascend shall Who heart, thine in not Say wise, this on speaketh faith of is which righteousness the But
them. by live shall things those doeth which man the That law, the of is which righteousness the describeth Moses For
believeth. that one every to righteousness for law the of end the is Christ For
God. of righteousness the unto themselves submitted not have righteousness, own their establish to about going and righteousness, God's of ignorant being they For
knowledge. to according not but God, of zeal a have they that record them bear I For
saved. be might they that is, Israel for God to prayer and desire heart's my Brethren,
ashamed. be not shall him on believeth whosoever and offence: of rock and stumblingstone a Sion in lay I Behold, written, is it As
stumblingstone; that at stumbled they For law. the of works the by were it as but faith, by not it sought they Because Wherefore?
righteousness. of law the to attained not hath righteousness, of law the after followed which Israel, But
faith. of is which righteousness the even righteousness, to attained have righteousness, after not followed which Gentiles, the That then? say we shall What
Gomorrha. unto like made been and Sodoma, as been had we seed, a us left had Sabaoth of Lord the Except before, said Esaias as And
earth. the upon make Lord the will work short a because righteousness: in short it cut and work, the finish will he For
saved: be shall remnant a sea, the of sand the as be Israel of children the of number the Though Israel, concerning crieth also Esaias
God. living the of children the called be they shall there people; my not are Ye them, unto said was it where place the in that pass, to come shall it And
beloved. not was which beloved, her and people; my not were which people, my them call will I Osee, in also saith he As
Gentiles? the of also but only, Jews the of not called, hath he whom us, Even
glory, unto prepared afore had he which mercy, of vessels the on glory his of riches the known make might he that And
destruction: to fitted wrath of vessels the longsuffering much with endured known, power his make to and wrath, his shew to willing God, if What
dishonour? unto another and honour, unto vessel one make to lump same the of clay, the over power potter the not Hath
thus? me made thou hast Why it, formed that him to say formed thing the Shall God? against repliest that thou art who man, O but, Nay
will? his resisted hath who For fault? find yet he doth Why me, unto then say wilt Thou
hardeneth. he will he whom and mercy, have will he whom on mercy he hath Therefore
earth. the all throughout declared be might name my that and thee, in power my shew might I that up, thee raised I have purpose same this for Even Pharaoh, unto saith scripture the For
mercy. sheweth that God of but runneth, that him of nor willeth, that him of not is it then So
compassion. have will I whom on compassion have will I and mercy, have will I whom on mercy have will I Moses, to saith he For
forbid. God God? with unrighteousness there Is then? say we shall What
hated. I have Esau but loved, I have Jacob written, is it As
younger. the serve shall elder The her, unto said was It
calleth;) that him of but works, of not stand, might election to according God of purpose the that evil, or good any done having neither born, yet not being children the (For
Isaac; father our by even one, by conceived had also Rebecca when but this; only not And
son. a have shall Sarah and come, I will time this At promise, of word the is this For
seed. the for counted are promise the of children the but God: of children the not are these flesh, the of children the are which They is, That
called. be seed thy shall Isaac In but, children: all they are Abraham, of seed the are they because Neither,
Israel: of are which Israel, all not are they For effect. none taken hath God of word the though as Not
Amen. ever. for blessed God all, over is who came, Christ flesh the concerning as whom of and fathers, the are Whose
promises; the and God, of service the and law, the of giving the and covenants, the and glory, the and adoption, the pertaineth whom to Israelites; are Who
flesh: the to according kinsmen my brethren, my for Christ from accursed were myself that wish could I For
heart. my in sorrow continual and heaviness great have I That
Ghost, Holy the in witness me bearing also conscience my not, lie I Christ, in truth the say I
Lord. our Jesus Christ in is which God, of love the from us separate to able be shall creature, other any nor depth, nor height, Nor
come, to things nor present, things nor powers, nor principalities, nor angels, nor life, nor death, neither that persuaded, am I For
us. loved that him through conquerors than more are we things these all in Nay,
slaughter. the for sheep as accounted are we long; day the all killed are we sake thy For written, is it As
sword? or peril, or nakedness, or famine, or persecution, or distress, or tribulation, shall Christ? of love the from us separate shall Who
us. for intercession maketh also who God, of hand right the at even is who again, risen is that rather, yea died, that Christ is It condemneth? that he is Who
justifieth. that God is It elect? God's of charge the to thing any lay shall Who
things? all us give freely also him with not he shall how all, us for up him delivered but Son, own his not spared that He
us? against be can who us, for be God If things? these to say then we shall What
glorified. also he them justified, he whom and justified: also he them called, he whom and called: also he them predestinate, did he whom Moreover
brethren. many among firstborn the be might he that Son, his of image the to conformed be to predestinate did also he foreknow, did he whom For
purpose. his to according called the are who them to God, love that them to good for together work things all that know we And
God. of will the to according saints the for intercession maketh he because Spirit, the of mind the is what knoweth hearts the searcheth that he And
uttered. be cannot which groanings with us for intercession maketh itself Spirit the but ought: we as for pray should we what not know we for infirmities: our helpeth also Spirit the Likewise
it. for wait patience with we do then not, see we that for hope we if But
for? hope yet he doth why seeth, man a what for hope: not is seen is that hope but hope: by saved are we For
body. our of redemption the wit, to adoption, the for waiting ourselves, within groan ourselves we even Spirit, the of firstfruits the have which also, ourselves but they, only not And
now. until together pain in travaileth and groaneth creation whole the that know we For
God. of children the of liberty glorious the into corruption of bondage the from delivered be shall also itself creature the Because
hope, in same the subjected hath who him of reason by but willingly, not vanity, to subject made was creature the For
God. of sons the of manifestation the for waiteth creature the of expectation earnest the For
us. in revealed be shall which glory the with compared be to worthy not are time present this of sufferings the that reckon I For
together. glorified also be may we that him, with suffer we that be so if Christ; with joint-heirs and God, of heirs heirs; then children, if And
God: of children the are we that spirit, our with witness beareth itself Spirit The
Father. Abba, cry, we whereby adoption, of Spirit the received have ye but fear; to again bondage of spirit the received not have ye For
God. of sons the are they God, of Spirit the by led are as many as For
live. shall ye body, the of deeds the mortify do Spirit the through ye if but die: shall ye flesh, the after live ye if For
flesh. the after live to flesh, the to not debtors, are we brethren, Therefore,
you. in dwelleth that Spirit his by bodies mortal your quicken also shall dead the from Christ up raised that he you, in dwell dead the from Jesus up raised that him of Spirit the if But
righteousness. of because life is Spirit the but sin; of because dead is body the you, in be Christ if And
his. of none is he Christ, of Spirit the not have man any if Now you. in dwell God of Spirit the that be so if Spirit, the in but flesh, the in not are ye But
God. please cannot flesh the in are that they then So
be. can indeed neither God, of law the to subject not is it for God: against enmity is mind carnal the Because
peace. and life is minded spiritually be to but death; is minded carnally be to For
Spirit. the of things the Spirit the after are that they but flesh; the of things the mind do flesh the after are that they For
Spirit. the after but flesh, the after not walk who us, in fulfilled be might law the of righteousness the That
flesh: the in sin condemned sin, for and flesh, sinful of likeness the in Son own his sending God flesh, the through weak was it that in do, not could law the what For
death. and sin of law the from free me made hath Jesus Christ in life of Spirit the of law the For
Spirit. the after but flesh, the after not walk who Jesus, Christ in are which them to condemnation no now therefore is There
sin. of law the flesh the with but God; of law the serve myself I mind the with then So Lord. our Christ Jesus through God thank I
death? this of body the from me deliver shall who am! I that man wretched O
members. my in is which sin of law the to captivity into me bringing and mind, my of law the against warring members, my in law another see I But
man: inward the after God of law the in delight I For
me. with present is evil good, do would I when that, law, a then find I
me. in dwelleth that sin but it, do that I more no is it not, would I that do I if Now
do. I that not, would I which evil the but not: do I would I that good the For
not. find I good is which that perform to how but me; with present is will to for thing: good no dwelleth flesh,) my in is, (that me in that know I For
me. in dwelleth that sin but it, do that I more no is it then Now
good. is it that law the unto consent I not, would I which that do I then If
I. do that hate, I what but not; I do that would, I what for not: allow I do I which that For
sin. under sold carnal, am I but spiritual: is law the that know we For
sinful. exceeding become might commandment the by sin that good; is which that by me in death working sin, appear might it that sin, But forbid. God me? unto death made good is which that then Was
good. and just, and holy, commandment the and holy, is law the Wherefore
me. slew it by and me, deceived commandment, the by occasion taking sin, For
death. unto be to found I life, to ordained was which commandment, the And
died. I and revived, sin came, commandment the when but once: law the without alive was I For
dead. was sin law the without For concupiscence. of manner all me in wrought commandment, the by occasion taking sin, But
covet. not shalt Thou said, had law the except lust, known not had I for law: the by but sin, known not had I Nay, forbid. God sin? law the Is then? say we shall What
letter. the of oldness the in not and spirit, of newness in serve should we that held; were we wherein dead being that law, the from delivered are we now But
death. unto fruit forth bring to members our in work did law, the by were which sins, of motions the flesh, the in were we when For
God. unto fruit forth bring should we that dead, the from raised is who him to even another, to married be should ye that Christ; of body the by law the to dead become are also ye brethren, my Wherefore,
man. another to married be she though adulteress, no is she that so law; that from free is she dead, be husband her if but adulteress: an called be shall she man, another to married be she liveth, husband her while if, then So
husband. her of law the from loosed is she dead, be husband the if but liveth; he as long so husband her to law the by bound is husband an hath which woman the For
liveth? he as long as man a over dominion hath law the that how law,) the know that them to speak I (for brethren, not, ye Know
Lord. our Christ Jesus through life eternal is God of gift the but death; is sin of wages the For
life. everlasting end the and holiness, unto fruit your have ye God, to servants become and sin, from free made being now But
death. is things those of end the for ashamed? now are ye whereof things those in then ye had fruit What
righteousness. from free were ye sin, of servants the were ye when For
holiness. unto righteousness to servants members your yield now so even iniquity; unto iniquity to and uncleanness to servants members your yielded have ye as for flesh: your of infirmity the of because men of manner the after speak I
righteousness. of servants the became ye sin, from free made then Being
you. delivered was which doctrine of form that heart the from obeyed have ye but sin, of servants the were ye that thanked, be God But
righteousness? unto obedience of or death, unto sin of whether obey; ye whom to are ye servants his obey, to servants yourselves yield ye whom to that not, ye Know
forbid. God grace? under but law, the under not are we because sin, we shall then? What
grace. under but law, the under not are ye for you: over dominion have not shall sin For
God. unto righteousness of instruments as members your and dead, the from alive are that those as God, unto yourselves yield but sin: unto unrighteousness of instruments as members your ye yield Neither
thereof. lusts the in it obey should ye that body, mortal your in reign therefore sin not Let
Lord. our Christ Jesus through God unto alive but sin, unto indeed dead be to yourselves also ye reckon Likewise
God. unto liveth he liveth, he that in but once: sin unto died he died, he that in For
him. over dominion more no hath death more; no dieth dead the from raised being Christ that Knowing
him: with live also shall we that believe we Christ, with dead be we if Now
sin. from freed is dead is that he For
sin. serve not should we henceforth that destroyed, be might sin of body the that him, with crucified is man old our that this, Knowing
resurrection: his of likeness the in also be shall we death, his of likeness the in together planted been have we if For
life. of newness in walk should also we so even Father, the of glory the by dead the from up raised was Christ as like that death: into baptism by him with buried are we Therefore
death? his into baptized were Christ Jesus into baptized were as us of many so that not, ye Know
therein? longer any live sin, to dead are that we, shall How forbid. God
abound? may grace that sin, in continue we Shall then? say we shall What
Lord. our Christ Jesus by life eternal unto righteousness through reign grace might so even death, unto reigned hath sin as That
abound: more much did grace abounded, sin where But abound. might offence the that entered, law the Moreover
righteous. made be many shall one of obedience the by so sinners, made were many disobedience man's one by as For
life. of justification unto men all upon came gift free the one of righteousness the by so even condemnation; to men all upon came judgment one of offence the by as Therefore
Christ.) Jesus one, by life in reign shall righteousness of gift the of and grace of abundance receive which they more much one; by reigned death offence man's one by if For
justification. unto offences many of is gift free the but condemnation, to one by was judgment the for gift: the is so sinned, that one by was it as not And
many. unto abounded hath Christ, Jesus man, one by is which grace, by gift the and God, of grace the more much dead, be many one of offence the through if For gift. free the is also so offence, the as not But
come. to was that him of figure the is who transgression, Adam's of similitude the after sinned not had that them over even Moses, to Adam from reigned death Nevertheless
law. no is there when imputed not is sin but world: the in was sin law the until (For
sinned: have all that for men, all upon passed death so and sin; by death and world, the into entered sin man one by as Wherefore,
atonement. the received now have we whom by Christ, Jesus Lord our through God in joy also we but so, only not And
life. his by saved be shall we reconciled, being more, much Son, his of death the by God to reconciled were we enemies, were we when if, For
him. through wrath from saved be shall we blood, his by justified now being then, more Much
us. for died Christ sinners, yet were we while that, in us, toward love his commendeth God But
die. to dare even would some man good a for peradventure yet die: one will man righteous a for scarcely For
ungodly. the for died Christ time due in strength, without yet were we when For
us. unto given is which Ghost Holy the by hearts our in abroad shed is God of love the because ashamed; not maketh hope And
hope: experience, and experience; patience, And
patience; worketh tribulation that knowing also: tribulations in glory we but so, only not And
God. of glory the of hope in rejoice and stand, we wherein grace this into faith by access have we also whom By
Christ: Jesus Lord our through God with peace have we faith, by justified being Therefore
justification. our for again raised was and offences, our for delivered was Who
dead; the from Lord our Jesus up raised that him on believe we if imputed, be shall it whom to also, us for But
him; to imputed was it that alone, sake his for written not was it Now
righteousness. for him to imputed was it therefore And
perform. to also able was he promised, had he what that, persuaded fully being And
God; to glory giving faith, in strong was but unbelief; through God of promise the at not staggered He
womb: Sarah's of deadness the yet neither old, years hundred an about was he when dead, now body own his not considered he faith, in weak not being And
be. seed thy shall So spoken, was which that to according nations, many of father the become might he that hope, in believed hope against Who
were. they though as not be which things those calleth and dead, the quickeneth who God, even believed, he whom him before nations,) many of father a thee made have I written, is it (As
all, us of father the is who Abraham; of faith the of is which also that to but law, the of is which only that to not seed; the all to sure be might promise the end the to grace; by be might it that faith, of is it Therefore
transgression. no is there is, law no where for wrath: worketh law the Because
effect: none of made promise the and void, made is faith heirs, be law the of are which they if For
faith. of righteousness the through but law, the through seed, his to or Abraham, to not was world, the of heir the be should he that promise, the For
uncircumcised. yet being had he which Abraham, father our of faith that of steps the in walk also who but only, circumcision the of not are who them to circumcision of father the And
also: them unto imputed be might righteousness that circumcised; not be they though believe, that them all of father the be might he that uncircumcised: being yet had he which faith the of righteousness the of seal a circumcision, of sign the received he And
uncircumcision. in but circumcision, in Not uncircumcision? in or circumcision, in was he when reckoned? then it was How
righteousness. for Abraham to reckoned was faith that say we for also? uncircumcision the upon or only, circumcision the upon then blessedness this Cometh
sin. impute not will Lord the whom to man the is Blessed
covered. are sins whose and forgiven, are iniquities whose they are Blessed Saying,
works, without righteousness imputeth God whom unto man, the of blessedness the describeth also David as Even
righteousness. for counted is faith his ungodly, the justifieth that him on believeth but not, worketh that him to But
debt. of but grace, of reckoned not reward the is worketh that him to Now
righteousness. for him unto counted was it and God, believed Abraham scripture? the saith what For
God. before not but glory; to whereof hath he works, by justified were Abraham if For
found? hath flesh, the to pertaining as father, our Abraham that then say we shall What
law. the establish we yea, forbid: God faith? through law the void make then we Do
faith. through uncircumcision and faith, by circumcision the justify shall which God, one is it Seeing
also: Gentiles the of Yes, Gentiles? the of also not he is only? Jews the of God the he Is
law. the of deeds the without faith by justified is man a that conclude we Therefore
faith. of law the by but Nay: works? of law? what By excluded. is It then? boasting is Where
Jesus. in believeth which him of justifier the and just, be might he that righteousness: his time this at say, I declare, To
God; of forbearance the through past, are that sins of remission the for righteousness his declare to blood, his in faith through propitiation a be to forth set hath God Whom
Jesus: Christ in is that redemption the through grace his by freely justified Being
God; of glory the of short come and sinned, have all For
difference: no is there for believe: that them all upon and all unto Christ Jesus of faith by is which God of righteousness the Even
prophets; the and law the by witnessed being manifested, is law the without God of righteousness the now But
sin. of knowledge the is law the by for sight: his in justified be flesh no shall there law the of deeds the by Therefore
God. before guilty become may world the all and stopped, be may mouth every that law: the under are who them to saith it saith, law the soever things what that know we Now
eyes. their before God of fear no is There
known: not they have peace of way the And
ways: their in are misery and Destruction
blood: shed to swift are feet Their
bitterness: and cursing of full is mouth Whose
lips: their under is asps of poison the deceit; used have they tongues their with sepulchre; open an is throat Their
one. not no, good, doeth that none is there unprofitable; become together are they way, the of out gone all are They
God. after seeketh that none is there understandeth, that none is There
one: not no, righteous, none is There written, is it As
sin; under all are they that Gentiles, and Jews both proved before have we for wise: no in No, they? than better we are then? What
just. is damnation whose come? may good that evil, do us Let say,) we that affirm some as and reported, slanderously be we (as rather, not And
sinner? a as judged also I am yet why glory; his unto lie my through abounded more hath God of truth the if For
world? the judge God shall how then for forbid: God
man) a as speak (I vengeance? taketh who unrighteous God Is say? we shall what God, of righteousness the commend unrighteousness our if But
judged. art thou when overcome mightest and sayings, thy in justified be mightest thou That written, is it as liar; a man every but true, be God let yea, forbid: God
effect? without God of faith the make unbelief their shall believe? not did some if what For
God. of oracles the committed were them unto that because chiefly, way: every Much
circumcision? of there is profit what or Jew? the hath then advantage What
God. of but men, of not is praise whose letter; the in not and spirit, the in heart, the of that is circumcision and inwardly; one is which Jew, a is he But
flesh: the in outward is which circumcision, that is neither outwardly; one is which Jew, a not is he For
law? the transgress dost circumcision and letter the by who thee, judge law, the fulfil it if nature, by is which uncircumcision not shall And
circumcision? for counted be uncircumcision his not shall law, the of righteousness the keep uncircumcision the if Therefore
uncircumcision. made is circumcision thy law, the of breaker a be thou if but law: the keep thou if profiteth, verily circumcision For
written. is it as you, through Gentiles the among blasphemed is God of name the For
God? thou dishonourest law the breaking through law, the of boast thy makest that Thou
sacrilege? commit thou dost idols, abhorrest that thou adultery? commit thou dost adultery, commit not should man a sayest that Thou
steal? thou dost steal, not should man a preachest that thou thyself? not thou teachest another, teachest which therefore Thou
law. the in truth the of and knowledge of form the hast which babes, of teacher a foolish, the of instructor An
darkness, in are which them of light a blind, the of guide a art thyself thou that confident art And
law; the of out instructed being excellent, more are that things the approvest and will, his knowest And
God, of boast thy makest and law, the in restest and Jew, a called art thou Behold,
gospel. my to according Christ Jesus by men of secrets the judge shall God when day the In
another;) one excusing else or accusing while mean the thoughts their and witness, bearing also conscience their hearts, their in written law the of work the shew Which
themselves: unto law a are law, the not having these, law, the in contained things the nature by do law, the not have which Gentiles, the when For
justified. be shall law the of doers the but God, before just are law the of hearers the not (For
law; the by judged be shall law the in sinned have as many as and law: without perish also shall law without sinned have as many as For
God. with persons of respect no is there For
Gentile: the to also and first, Jew the to good, worketh that man every to peace, and honour, glory, But
Gentile; the of also and first, Jew the of evil, doeth that man of soul every upon anguish, and Tribulation
wrath, and indignation unrighteousness, obey but truth, the obey not do and contentious, are that them unto But
life: eternal immortality, and honour and glory for seek doing well in continuance patient by who them To
deeds: his to according man every to render will Who
God; of judgment righteous the of revelation and wrath of day the against wrath thyself unto up treasurest heart impenitent and hardness thy after But
repentance? to thee leadeth God of goodness the that knowing not longsuffering; and forbearance and goodness his of riches the thou despisest Or
God? of judgment the escape shalt thou that same, the doest and things, such do which them judgest that man, O this, thou thinkest And
things. such commit which them against truth to according is God of judgment the that sure are we But
things. same the doest judgest that thou for thyself; condemnest thou another, judgest thou wherein for judgest: that art thou whosoever man, O inexcusable, art thou Therefore
them. do that them in pleasure have but same, the do only not death, of worthy are things such commit which they that God, of judgment the knowing Who
unmerciful: implacable, affection, natural without covenantbreakers, understanding, Without
parents, to disobedient things, evil of inventors boasters, proud, despiteful, God, of haters Backbiters,
whisperers, malignity; deceit, debate, murder, envy, of full maliciousness; covetousness, wickedness, fornication, unrighteousness, all with filled Being
convenient; not are which things those do to mind, reprobate a to over them gave God knowledge, their in God retain to like not did they as even And
meet. was which error their of recompence that themselves in receiving and unseemly, is which that working men with men another; toward one lust their in burned woman, the of use natural the leaving men, the also likewise And
nature: against is which that into use natural the change did women their even for affections: vile unto up them gave God cause this For
Amen. ever. for blessed is who Creator, the than more creature the served and worshipped and lie, a into God of truth the changed Who
themselves: between bodies own their dishonour to hearts, own their of lusts the through uncleanness to up them gave also God Wherefore
things. creeping and beasts, fourfooted and birds, to and man, corruptible to like made image an into God uncorruptible the of glory the changed And
fools, became they wise, be to themselves Professing
darkened. was heart foolish their and imaginations, their in vain became but thankful; were neither God, as not him glorified they God, knew they when that, Because
excuse: without are they that so Godhead; and power eternal his even made, are that things the by understood being seen, clearly are world the of creation the from him of things invisible the For
them. unto it shewed hath God for them; in manifest is God of known be may which that Because
unrighteousness; in truth the hold who men, of unrighteousness and ungodliness all against heaven from revealed is God of wrath the For
faith. by live shall just The written, is it as faith: to faith from revealed God of righteousness the is therein For
Greek. the to also and first, Jew the to believeth; that one every to salvation unto God of power the is it for Christ: of gospel the of ashamed not am I For
also. Rome at are that you to gospel the preach to ready am I is, me in as much as So,
unwise. the to and wise, the to both Barbarians; the to and Greeks, the to both debtor am I
Gentiles. other among as even also, you among fruit some have might I that hitherto,) let was (but you, unto come to purposed I oftentimes that brethren, ignorant, you have not would I Now
me. and you of both faith mutual the by you with together comforted be may I that is, That
established; be may ye end the to gift, spiritual some you unto impart may I that you, see to long I For
you. unto come to God of will the by journey prosperous a have might I length at now means any by if request, Making
prayers; my in always you of mention make I ceasing without that Son, his of gospel the in spirit my with serve I whom witness, my is God For
world. whole the throughout of spoken is faith your that all, you for Christ Jesus through God my thank I First,
Christ. Jesus Lord the and Father, our God from peace and you to Grace saints: be to called God, of beloved Rome, in be that all To
Christ: Jesus of called the also ye are whom Among
name: his for nations, all among faith the to obedience for apostleship, and grace received have we whom By
dead: the from resurrection the by holiness, of spirit the to according power, with God of Son the be to declared And
flesh; the to according David of seed the of made was which Lord, our Christ Jesus Son his Concerning
scriptures,) holy the in prophets his by afore promised had he (Which
God, of gospel the unto separated apostle, an be to called Christ, Jesus of servant a Paul,
Romans
him. forbidding man no confidence, all with Christ, Jesus Lord the concern which things those teaching and God, of kingdom the Preaching
him, unto in came that all received and house, hired own his in years whole two dwelt Paul And
themselves. among reasoning great had and departed, Jews the words, these said had he when And
it. hear will they that and Gentiles, the unto sent is God of salvation the that you, unto therefore known it Be
them. heal should I and converted, be should and heart, their with understand and ears, their with hear and eyes, their with see should they lest closed; they have eyes their and hearing, of dull are ears their and gross, waxed is people this of heart the For
perceive: not and see, shall ye seeing and understand; not shall and hear, shall ye Hearing say, and people, this unto Go Saying,
fathers, our unto prophet the Esaias by Ghost Holy the spake Well word, one spoken had Paul that after departed, they themselves, among not agreed they when And
not. believed some and spoken, were which things the believed some And
evening. till morning from prophets, the of out and Moses, of law the of out both Jesus, concerning them persuading God, of kingdom the testified and expounded he whom to lodging; his into him to many came there day, a him appointed had they when And
against. spoken is it where every that know we sect, this concerning as for thinkest: thou what thee of hear to desire we But
thee. of harm any spake or shewed came that brethren the of any neither thee, concerning Judaea of out letters received neither We him, unto said they And
chain. this with bound am I Israel of hope the for that because you: with speak to and you, see to you, for called I have therefore cause this For
of. nation my accuse to ought had I that not Caesar; unto appeal to constrained was I it, against spake Jews the when But
me. in death of cause no was there because go, me let have would me, examined had they when Who,
Romans. the of hands the into Jerusalem from prisoner delivered I was yet fathers, our of customs or people, the against nothing committed have I though brethren, and Men them, unto said he together, come were they when and together: Jews the of chief the called Paul days three after that pass, to came it And
him. kept that soldier a with himself by dwell to suffered was Paul but guard: the of captain the to prisoners the delivered centurion the Rome, to came we when And
courage. took and God, thanked he saw, Paul when whom taverns: three The and forum, Appii as far as us meet to came they us, of heard brethren the when thence, from And
Rome. toward went we so and days: seven them with tarry to desired were and brethren, found we Where
Puteoli: to day next the came we and blew, wind south the day one after and Rhegium: to came and compass, a fetched we thence from And
days. three there tarried we Syracuse, at landing And
Pollux. and Castor was sign whose isle, the in wintered had which Alexandria, of ship a in departed we months three after And
necessary. were as things such with us laded they departed, we when and honours; many with us honoured also Who
healed: were and came, island, the in diseases had which also, others done, was this when So
him. healed and him, on hands his laid and prayed, and in, entered Paul whom to flux: bloody a of and fever a of sick lay Publius of father the that pass, to came it And
courteously. days three us lodged and us, received who Publius; was name whose island, the of man chief the of possessions were quarters same the In
god. a was he that said and minds, their changed they him, to come harm no saw and while, great a looked had they after but suddenly: dead down fallen or swollen, have should he when looked they Howbeit
harm. no felt and fire, the into beast the off shook he And
live. to not suffereth vengeance yet sea, the escaped hath he though whom, murderer, a is man this doubt No themselves, among said they hand, his on hang beast venomous the saw barbarians the when And
hand. his on fastened and heat, the of out viper a came there fire, the on them laid and sticks, of bundle a gathered had Paul when And
cold. the of because and rain, present the of because one, every us received and fire, a kindled they for kindness: little no us shewed people barbarous the And
Melita. called was island the that knew they then escaped, were they when And
land. to safe all escaped they that pass, to came it so And ship. the of pieces broken on some and boards, on some rest, the And
land: to get and sea, the into first themselves cast should swim could which they that commanded and purpose; their from them kept Paul, save to willing centurion, the But
escape. and out, swim should them of any lest prisoners, the kill to was counsel soldiers' the And
waves. the of violence the with broken was part hinder the but unmoveable, remained and fast, stuck forepart the and aground; ship the ran they met, seas two where place a into falling And
shore. toward made and wind, the to mainsail the up hoised and bands, rudder the loosed and sea, the unto themselves committed they anchors, the up taken had they when And
ship. the in thrust to possible, were it if minded, were they which the into shore, a with creek certain a discovered they but land: the not knew they day, was it when And
sea. the into wheat the out cast and ship, the lightened they enough, eaten had they when And
souls. sixteen and threescore hundred two ship the in all in were we And
meat. some took also they and cheer, good of all they were Then
eat. to began he it, broken had he when and all: them of presence in God to thanks gave and bread, took he spoken, thus had he when And
you. of any of head the from fall hair an not shall there for health: your for is this for meat: some take to you pray I Wherefore
nothing. taken having fasting, continued and tarried have ye that day fourteenth the is day This saying, meat, take to all them besought Paul on, coming was day the while And
off. fall her let and boat, the of ropes the off cut soldiers the Then
saved. be cannot ye ship, the in abide these Except soldiers, the to and centurion the to said Paul
foreship, the of out anchors cast have would they though as colour under sea, the into boat the down let had they when ship, the of out flee to about were shipmen the as And
day. the for wished and stern, the of out anchors four cast they rocks, upon fallen have should we lest fearing Then
fathoms. fifteen it found and again, sounded they further, little a gone had they when and fathoms: twenty it found and sounded, And
country; some to near drew they that deemed shipmen the midnight about Adria, in down and up driven were we as come, was night fourteenth the when But
island. certain a upon cast be must we Howbeit
me. told was it as even be shall it that God, believe I for cheer: good of be sirs, Wherefore,
thee. with sail that them all thee given hath God lo, and, Caesar: before brought be must thou Paul; not, Fear Saying,
serve, I whom and am, I whose God, of angel the night this me by stood there For
ship. the of but you, among life man's any of loss no be shall there for cheer: good of be to you exhort I now And
loss. and harm this gained have to and Crete, from loosed have not and me, unto hearkened have should ye Sirs, said, and them, of midst the in forth stood Paul abstinence long after But
away. taken then was saved be should we that hope all us, on lay tempest small no and appeared, days many in stars nor sun neither when And
ship. the of tackling the hands own our with out cast we day third the And
ship; the lightened they day next the tempest, a with tossed exceedingly being we And
driven. were so and sail, strake quicksands, the into fall should they lest fearing and, ship; the undergirding helps, used they up, taken had they when Which
boat: the by come to work much had we Clauda, called is which island certain a under running And
drive. her let we wind, the into up bear not could and caught, was ship the when And
Euroclydon. called wind, tempestuous a it against arose there after long not But
Crete. by close sailed they thence, loosing purpose, their obtained had they that supposing softly, blew wind south the when And
west. north and west south the toward lieth and Crete, of haven an is which winter; to there and Phenice, to attain might they means any by if also, thence depart to advised part more the in, winter to commodious not was haven the because And
Paul. by spoken were which things those than more ship, the of owner the and master the believed centurion the Nevertheless
lives. our of also but ship, and lading the of only not damage, much and hurt with be will voyage this that perceive I Sirs, them, unto said And
them, admonished Paul past, already now was fast the because dangerous, now was sailing when and spent, was time much when Now
Lasea. of city the was whereunto nigh havens; fair The called is which place a unto came it, passing hardly And,
Salmone; against over Crete, under sailed we us, suffering not wind the Cnidus, against over come were scarce and days, many slowly sailed had we when And
therein. us put he and Italy; into sailing Alexandria of ship a found centurion the there And
Lycia. of city a Myra, to came we Pamphylia, and Cilicia of sea the over sailed had we when And
contrary. were winds the because Cyprus, under sailed we thence, from launched had we when And
himself. refresh to friends his unto go to liberty him gave and Paul, entreated courteously Julius And Sidon. at touched we day next the And
us. with being Thessalonica, of Macedonian a Aristarchus, one Asia; of coasts the by sail to meaning launched, we Adramyttium, of ship a into entering And
band. Augustus' of centurion a Julius, named one unto prisoners other certain and Paul delivered they Italy, into sail should we that determined was it when And
Caesar. unto appealed not had he if liberty, at set been have might man This Festus, unto Agrippa said Then
bonds. of or death of worthy nothing doeth man This saying, themselves, between talked they aside, gone were they when And
them: with sat that they and Bernice, and governor, the and up, rose king the spoken, thus had he when And
bonds. these except am, I as such altogether and almost, both were day, this me hear that all also but thou, only not that God, to would I said, Paul And
Christian. a be to me persuadest thou Almost Paul, unto said Agrippa Then
believest. thou that know I prophets? the thou believest Agrippa, King
corner. a in done not was thing this for him; from hidden are things these of none that persuaded am I for freely: speak I also whom before things, these of knoweth king the For
soberness. and truth of words the forth speak but Festus; noble most mad, not am I said, he But
mad. thee make doth learning much thyself; beside art thou Paul, voice, loud a with said Festus himself, for spake thus he as And
Gentiles. the to and people, the unto light shew should and dead, the from rise should that first the be should he that and suffer, should Christ That
come: should say did Moses and prophets the which those than things other none saying great, and small to both witnessing day, this unto continue I God, of help obtained therefore Having
me. kill to about went and temple, the in me caught Jews the causes these For
repentance. for meet works do and God, to turn and repent should they that Gentiles, the to then and Judaea, of coasts the all throughout and Jerusalem, at and Damascus, of them unto first shewed But
vision: heavenly the unto disobedient not was I Agrippa, king O Whereupon,
me. in is that faith by sanctified are which them among inheritance and sins, of forgiveness receive may they that God, unto Satan of power the from and light, to darkness from them turn to and eyes, their open To
thee, send I now whom unto Gentiles, the from and people, the from thee Delivering
thee; unto appear will I which the in things those of and seen, hast thou which things these of both witness a and minister a thee make to purpose, this for thee unto appeared have I for feet: thy upon stand and rise, But
persecutest. thou whom Jesus am I said, he And Lord? thou, art Who said, I And
pricks. the against kick to thee for hard is it me? thou persecutest why Saul, Saul, tongue, Hebrew the in saying and me, unto speaking voice a heard I earth, the to fallen all were we when And
me. with journeyed which them and me about round shining sun, the of brightness the above heaven, from light a way the in saw I king, O midday, At
priests, chief the from commission and authority with Damascus to went I as Whereupon
cities. strange unto even them persecuted I them, against mad exceedingly being and blaspheme; to them compelled and synagogue, every in oft them punished I And
them. against voice my gave I death, to put were they when and priests; chief the from authority received having prison, in up shut I did saints the of many and Jerusalem: in did also I thing Which
Nazareth. of Jesus of name the to contrary things many do to ought I that myself, with thought verily I
dead? the raise should God that you, with incredible thing a thought be it should Why
Jews. the of accused am I Agrippa, king sake, hope's which For come. to hope night, and day God serving instantly tribes, twelve our promise which Unto
fathers: our unto God, of made promise the of hope the for judged am and stand I now And
Pharisee. a lived I religion our of sect straitest most the after that testify, would they if beginning, the from me knew Which
Jews; the all know Jerusalem, at nation own mine among first the at was which youth, my from life of manner My
patiently. me hear to thee beseech I wherefore Jews: the among are which questions and customs all in expert be to thee know I because Especially
Jews: the of accused am I whereof things the all touching thee before day this myself for answer shall I because Agrippa, king happy, myself think I
himself: for answered and hand, the forth stretched Paul Then thyself. for speak to permitted art Thou Paul, unto said Agrippa Then
him. against laid crimes the signify to withal not and prisoner, a send to unreasonable me to seemeth it For
write. to somewhat have might I had, examination after that, Agrippa, king O thee, before specially and you, before forth him brought have I Wherefore lord. my unto write to thing certain no have I whom Of
him. send to determined have I Augustus, to appealed hath himself he that and death, of worthy nothing committed had he that found I when But
longer. any live to not ought he that crying here, also and Jerusalem, at both me, with dealt have Jews the of multitude the all whom about man, this see ye us, with present here are which men all and Agrippa, King said, Festus And
forth. brought was Paul commandment Festus' at city, the of men principal and captains, chief the with hearing, of place the into entered was and pomp, great with Bernice, and come, was Agrippa when morrow, the on And
him. hear shalt thou he, said morrow, To myself. man the hear also would I Festus, unto said Agrippa Then
Caesar. to him send might I till kept be to him commanded I Augustus, of hearing the unto reserved be to appealed had Paul when But
matters. these of judged be there and Jerusalem, to go would he whether him asked I questions, of manner such of doubted I because And
alive. be to affirmed Paul whom dead, was which Jesus, one of and superstition, own their of him against questions certain had But
supposed: I as things such of accusation none brought they up, stood accusers the when whom Against
forth. brought be to man the commanded and seat, judgment the on sat I morrow the on delay any without hither, come were they when Therefore,
him. against laid crime the concerning himself for answer to licence have and face, to face accusers the have accused is which he that before die, to man any deliver to Romans the of manner the not is It answered, I whom To
him. against judgment have to desiring me, informed Jews the of elders the and priests chief the Jerusalem, at was I when whom, About
Felix: by bonds in left man certain a is There saying, king, the unto cause Paul's declared Festus days, many there been had they when And
Festus. salute to Caesarea unto came Bernice and Agrippa king days certain after And
go. thou shalt Caesar unto Caesar? unto appealed thou Hast answered, council, the with conferred had he when Festus, Then
Caesar. unto appeal I them. unto me deliver may man no me, accuse these whereof things these of none be there if but die: to not refuse I death, of worthy thing any committed have or offender, an be I if For
knowest. well very thou as wrong, no done I have Jews the to judged: be to ought I where seat, judgment Caesar's at stand I Paul, said Then
me? before things these of judged be there and Jerusalem, to up go thou Wilt said, and Paul, answered pleasure, a Jews the do to willing Festus, But
all. at thing any offended I have Caesar, against yet nor temple, the against neither Jews, the of law the against Neither himself, for answered he While
prove. not could they which Paul, against complaints grievous and many laid and about, round stood Jerusalem from down came which Jews the come, was he when And
brought. be to Paul commanded seat judgment the on sitting day next the and Caesarea; unto down went he days, ten than more them among tarried had he when And
him. in wickedness any be there if man, this accuse and me, with down go able, are you among which he, said therefore, them Let
thither. shortly depart would himself he that and Caesarea, at kept be should Paul that answered, Festus But
him. kill to way the in wait laying Jerusalem, to him for send would he that him, against favour desired And
him, besought and Paul, against him informed Jews the of chief the and priest high the Then
Jerusalem. to Caesarea from ascended he days three after province, the into come was Festus when Now
bound. Paul left pleasure, a Jews the shew to willing Felix, and room: Felix' into came Festus Porcius years two after But
him. with communed and oftener, the him for sent he wherefore him: loose might he that Paul, of him given been have should money that also hoped He
thee. for call will I season, convenient a have I when time; this for way thy Go answered, and trembled, Felix come, to judgment and temperance, righteousness, of reasoned he as And
Christ. in faith the concerning him heard and Paul, for sent he Jewess, a was which Drusilla, wife his with came Felix when days, certain after And
him. unto come or minister to acquaintance his of none forbid should he that and liberty, have him let to and Paul, keep to centurion a commanded he And
matter. your of uttermost the know will I down, come shall captain chief the Lysias When said, and them, deferred he way, that of knowledge perfect more having things, these heard Felix when And
day. this you by question in called am I dead the of resurrection the Touching them, among standing cried I that voice, one this for be it Except
council, the before stood I while me, in doing evil any found have they if say, here same these let else Or
me. against ought had they if object, and thee, before here been have to ought Who
tumult. with nor multitude, with neither temple, the in purified me found Asia from Jews certain Whereupon
offerings. and nation, my to alms bring to came I years many after Now
men. toward and God, toward offence to void conscience a always have to myself, exercise I do herein And
unjust. and just the of both dead, the of resurrection a be shall there that allow, also themselves they which God, toward hope have And
prophets: the in and law the in written are which things all believing fathers, my of God the I worship so heresy, call they which way the after that thee, unto confess I this But
me. accuse now they whereof things the prove they can Neither
city: the in nor synagogues, the in neither people, the up raising neither man, any with disputing temple the in me found neither they And
worship. to for Jerusalem to up went I since days twelve but yet are there that understand, mayest thou that Because
myself: for answer cheerfully more the do I nation, this unto judge a years many of been hast thou that know I as Forasmuch answered, speak, to him unto beckoned had governor the that after Paul, Then
so. were things these that saying assented, also Jews the And
him. accuse we whereof things, these all of knowledge take mayest thyself whom of examining by thee: unto come to accusers his Commanding
hands, our of out away him took violence great with and us, upon came Lysias captain chief the But
law. our to according judged have would and took, we whom temple: the profane to about gone hath also Who
Nazarenes: the of sect the of ringleader a and world, the throughout Jews the all among sedition of mover a and fellow, pestilent a man this found have we For
words. few a clemency thy of us hear wouldest thou that thee pray I thee, unto tedious further not be I that Notwithstanding,
thankfulness. all with Felix, noble most places, all in and always, it accept We
providence, thy by nation this unto done are deeds worthy very that and quietness, great enjoy we thee by that Seeing saying, him, accuse to began Tertullus forth, called was he when And
Paul. against governor the informed who Tertullus, named orator certain a with and elders, the with descended priest high the Ananias days five after And
hall. judgment Herod's in kept be to him commanded he And come. also are accusers thine when he, said thee, hear will I
Cilicia; of was he that understood he when And was. he province what of asked he letter, the read had governor the when And
him. before also Paul presented governor, the to epistle the delivered and Caesarea to came they when Who,
castle: the to returned and him, with go to horsemen the left they morrow the On
Antipatris. to night by him brought and Paul, took them, commanded was it as soldiers, the Then
Farewell. him. against had they what thee before say to also accusers his to commandment gave and thee, to straightway sent I man, the for wait laid Jews the that how me told was it when And
bonds. of or death of worthy charge his to laid nothing have to but law, their of questions of accused be to perceived I Whom
council: their into forth him brought I him, accused they wherefore cause the known have would I when And
Roman. a was he that understood having him, rescued and army, an with I came then them: of killed been have should and Jews, the of taken was man This
greeting. sendeth Felix governor excellent most the unto Lysias Claudius
manner: this after letter a wrote he And
governor. the Felix unto safe him bring and on, Paul set may they that beasts, them provide And
night; the of hour third the at hundred, two spearmen and ten, and threescore horsemen and Caesarea, to go to soldiers hundred two ready Make saying, centurions, two him unto called he And
me. to things these shewed hast thou that man no tell thou See him, charged and depart, man young the let then captain chief the So
thee. from promise a for looking ready, they are now and him: killed have they till drink nor eat neither will they that oath, an with themselves bound have which men, forty than more them of him for wait in lie there for them: unto yield thou not do But
perfectly. more him of somewhat enquire would they though as council, the into morrow to Paul down bring wouldest thou that thee desire to agreed have Jews The said, he And
me? tell to hast thou that is What him, asked and privately, aside him with went and hand, the by him took captain chief the Then
thee. unto say to something hath who thee, unto man young this bring to me prayed and him, unto me called prisoner the Paul said, and captain, chief the to him brought and him, took he So
him. tell to thing certain a hath he for captain: chief the unto man young this Bring said, and him, unto centurions the of one called Paul Then
Paul. told and castle, the into entered and went he wait, in lying their of heard son sister's Paul's when And
him. kill to ready are near, come he ever or we, and him: concerning perfectly more something enquire would ye though as morrow, to you unto down him bring he that captain chief the to signify council the with ye therefore Now
Paul. slain have we until nothing eat will we that curse, great a under ourselves bound have We said, and elders, and priests chief the to came they And
conspiracy. this made had which forty than more were they And
Paul. killed had they till drink nor eat neither would they that saying curse, a under themselves bound and together, banded Jews the of certain day, was it when And
Rome. at also witness bear thou must so Jerusalem, in me of testified hast thou as for Paul: cheer, good of Be said, and him, by stood Lord the following night the And
castle. the into him bring to and them, among from force by him take to and down, go to soldiers the commanded them, of pieces in pulled been have should Paul lest fearing captain, chief the dissension, great a arose there when And
God. against fight not us let him, to spoken hath angel an or spirit a if but man: this in evil no find We saying, strove, and arose, part Pharisees' the of were that scribes the and cry: great a arose there And
both. confess Pharisees the but spirit: nor angel, neither resurrection, no is there that say Sadducees the For
divided. was multitude the and Sadducees: the and Pharisees the between dissension a arose there said, so had he when And
question. in called am I dead the of resurrection and hope the of Pharisee: a of son the Pharisee, a am I brethren, and Men council, the in out cried he Pharisees, other the and Sadducees, were part one the that perceived Paul when But
people. thy of ruler the of evil speak not shalt Thou written, is it for priest: high the was he that brethren, not, wist I Paul, said Then
priest? high God's thou Revilest said, by stood that they And
law? the to contrary smitten be to me commandest and law, the after me judge to thou sittest for wall: whited thou thee, smite shall God him, unto Paul said Then
mouth. the on him smite to him by stood that them commanded Ananias priest high the And
day. this until God before conscience good all in lived have I brethren, and Men said, council, the beholding earnestly Paul, And
them. before him set and down, Paul brought and appear, to council their all and priests chief the commanded and bands, his from him loosed he Jews, the of accused was he wherefore certainty the known have would he because morrow, the On
him. bound had he because and Roman, a was he that knew he after afraid, was also captain chief the and him: examined have should which him from departed they straightway Then
born. free was I But said, Paul And freedom. this I obtained sum great a With answered, captain chief the And
Yea. said, He Roman? a thou art me, Tell him, unto said and came, captain chief the Then
Roman. a is man this for doest: thou what heed Take saying, captain, chief the told and went he that, heard centurion the When
uncondemned? and Roman, a is that man a scourge to you for lawful it Is by, stood that centurion the unto said Paul thongs, with him bound they as And
him. against so cried they wherefore know might he that scourging; by examined be should he that bade and castle, the into brought be to him commanded captain chief The
air, the into dust threw and clothes, their off cast and out, cried they as And
live. should he that fit not is it for earth: the from fellow a such with Away said, and voices, their up lifted then and word, this unto audience him gave they And
Gentiles. the unto hence far thee send will I for Depart: me, unto said he And
him. slew that them of raiment the kept and death, his unto consenting and by, standing was also I shed, was Stephen martyr thy of blood the when And
thee: on believed that them synagogue every in beat and imprisoned I that know they Lord, said, I And
me. concerning testimony thy receive not will they for Jerusalem: of out quickly thee get and haste, Make me, unto saying him saw And
trance; a in was I temple, the in prayed I while even Jerusalem, to again come was I when that, pass, to came it And
Lord. the of name the on calling sins, thy away wash and baptized, be and arise, thou? tarriest why now And
heard. and seen hast thou what of men all unto witness his be shalt thou For
mouth. his of voice the hear shouldest and One, Just that see and will, his know shouldest thou that thee, chosen hath fathers our of God The said, he And
him. upon up looked I hour same the And sight. thy receive Saul, Brother me, unto said and stood, and me, unto Came
there, dwelt which Jews the all of report good a having law, the to according man devout a Ananias, one And
Damascus. into came I me, with were that them of hand the by led being light, that of glory the for see not could I when And
do. to thee for appointed are which things all of thee told be shall it there and Damascus; into go and Arise, me, unto said Lord the And ? Lord do, I shall What said, I And
me. to spake that him of voice the not heard they but afraid; were and light, the indeed saw me with were that they And
persecutest. thou whom Nazareth, of Jesus am I me, unto said he And Lord? thou, art Who answered, I And
me? thou persecutest why Saul, Saul, me, unto saying voice a heard and ground, the unto fell I And
me. about round light great a heaven from shone there suddenly noon, about Damascus unto nigh come was and journey, my made I as that, pass, to came it And
punished. be to for Jerusalem, unto bound there were which them bring to Damascus, to went and brethren, the unto letters received I also whom from elders: the of estate the all and witness, me bear doth priest high the also As
women. and men both prisons into delivering and binding death, the unto way this persecuted I And
day. this are all ye as God, toward zealous was and fathers, the of law the of manner perfect the to according taught and Gamaliel, of feet the at city this in up brought yet Cilicia, in city a Tarsus, in born Jew, a am which man a verily am I
saith,) he and silence: more the kept they them, to tongue Hebrew the in spake he that heard they when (And
you. unto now make I which defence my ye hear fathers, and brethren, Men,
saying, tongue, Hebrew the in them unto spake he silence, great a made was there when And people. the unto hand the with beckoned and stairs, the on stood Paul licence, him given had he when And
people. the unto speak to me suffer thee, beseech I and, city: mean no of citizen a Cilicia, in city a Tarsus, of Jew a am which man a am I said, Paul But
murderers? were that men thousand four wilderness the into out leddest and uproar, an madest days these before which Egyptian, that thou not Art
Greek? speak thou Canst said, Who thee? unto speak I May captain, chief the unto said he castle, the into led be to was Paul as And
him. with Away crying, after, followed people the of multitude the For
people. the of violence the for soldiers the of borne was he that was, it so stairs, the upon came he when And
castle. the into carried be to him commanded he tumult, the for certainty the know not could he when and multitude: the among another, some thing, one cried some And
done. had he what and was, he who demanded and chains; two with bound be to him commanded and him, took and near, came captain chief the Then
Paul. of beating left they soldiers, the and captain chief the saw they when and them: unto down ran and centurions, and soldiers took immediately Who
uproar. an in was Jerusalem all that band, the of captain chief the unto came tidings him, kill to about went they as And
shut. were doors the forthwith and temple: the of out him drew and Paul, took they and together: ran people the and moved, was city the all And
temple.) the into brought had Paul that supposed they whom Ephesian, an Trophimus city the in him with before seen had they (For
place. holy this polluted hath and temple, the into also Greeks brought further and place: this and law, the and people, the against where every men all teacheth that man, the is This help: Israel, of Men out, Crying
him, on hands laid and people, the all up stirred temple, the in him saw they when Asia, of were which Jews the ended, almost were days seven the when And
them. of one every for offered be should offering an that until purification, of days the of accomplishment the signify to temple, the into entered them with himself purifying day next the and men, the took Paul Then
fornication. from and strangled, from and blood, from and idols, to offered things from themselves keep they that only save thing, such no observe they that concluded and written have we believe, which Gentiles the touching As
law. the keepest and orderly, walkest also thyself thou that but nothing; are thee, concerning informed were they whereof things, those that know may all and heads: their shave may they that them, with charges at be and them, with thyself purify and take, Them
them; on vow a have which men four have We thee: to say we that this therefore Do
come. art thou that hear will they for together: come needs must multitude the therefore? it is What
customs. the after walk to neither children, their circumcise to not ought they that saying Moses, forsake to Gentiles the among are which Jews the all teachest thou that thee, of informed are they And
law: the of zealous all are they and believe; which are there Jews of thousands many how brother, seest, Thou him, unto said and Lord, the glorified they it, heard they when And
ministry. his by Gentiles the among wrought had God things what particularly declared he them, saluted had he when And
present. were elders the all and James; unto us with in went Paul following day the And
gladly. us received brethren the Jerusalem, to come were we when And
lodge. should we whom with disciple, old an Cyprus, of Mnason one them with brought and Caesarea, of disciples the of certain also us with went There
Jerusalem. to up went and carriages, our up took we days those after And
done. be Lord the of will The saying, ceased, we persuaded, be not would he when And
Jesus. Lord the of name the for Jerusalem at die to also but only, bound be to not ready am I for heart? mine break to and weep to ye mean What answered, Paul Then
Jerusalem. to up go to not him besought place, that of they and we, both things, these heard we when And
Gentiles. the of hands the into him deliver shall and girdle, this owneth that man the bind Jerusalem at Jews the shall So Ghost, Holy the saith Thus said, and feet, and hands own his bound and girdle, Paul's took he us, unto come was he when And
Agabus. named prophet, certain a Judaea from down came there days, many there tarried we as And
prophesy. did which virgins, daughters, four had man same the And
him. with abode and seven; the of one was which evangelist, the Philip of house the into entered we and Caesarea: unto came and departed, company Paul's of were that we day next the And
day. one them with abode and brethren, the saluted and Ptolemais, to came we Tyre, from course our finished had we when And
again. home returned they and ship; took we another, of one leave our taken had we when And
prayed. and shore, the on down kneeled we and city: the of out were we till children, and wives with way, our on us brought all they and way; our went and departed we days, those accomplished had we when And
Jerusalem. to up go not should he that Spirit, the through Paul to said who days: seven there tarried we disciples, finding And
burden. her unlade to was ship the there for Tyre: at landed and Syria, into sailed and hand, left the on it left we Cyprus, discovered had we when Now
forth. set and aboard, went we Phenicia, unto over sailing ship a finding And
Patara: unto thence from and Rhodes, unto following day the and Coos, unto course straight a with came we launched, had and them, from gotten were we after that pass, to came it And
ship. the unto him accompanied they And more. no face his see should they that spake, he which words the for all of most Sorrowing
him, kissed and neck, Paul's on fell and sore, wept all they And
all. them with prayed and down, kneeled he spoken, thus had he when And
receive. to than give to blessed more is It said, he how Jesus, Lord the of words the remember to and weak, the support to ought ye labouring so that how things, all you shewed have I
me. with were that them to and necessities, my unto ministered have hands these that know, yourselves ye Yea,
apparel. or gold, or silver, man's no coveted have I
sanctified. are which them all among inheritance an you give to and up, you build to able is which grace, his of word the to and God, to you commend I brethren, now, And
tears. with day and night one every warn to not ceased I years three of space the by that remember, and watch, Therefore
them. after disciples away draw to things, perverse speaking arise, men shall selves own your of Also
flock. the sparing not you, among in enter wolves grievous shall departing my after that this, know I For
blood. own his with purchased hath he which God, of church the feed to overseers, you made hath Ghost Holy the which the over flock, the all to and yourselves, unto therefore heed Take
God. of counsel the all you unto declare to shunned not have I For
men. all of blood the from pure am I that day, this record to you take I Wherefore
more. no face my see shall God, of kingdom the preaching gone have I whom among all, ye that know I behold, now, And
God. of grace the of gospel the testify to Jesus, Lord the of received have I which ministry, the and joy, with course my finish might I that so myself, unto dear life my I count neither me, move things these of none But
me. abide afflictions and bonds that saying city, every in witnesseth Ghost Holy the that Save
there: me befall shall that things the knowing not Jerusalem, unto spirit the in bound go I behold, now, And
Christ. Jesus Lord our toward faith and God, toward repentance Greeks, the to also and Jews, the to both Testifying
house, to house from and publicly, you taught have and you, shewed have but you, unto profitable was that nothing back kept I how And
Jews: the of wait in lying the by me befell which temptations, and tears, many with and mind, of humility all with Lord the Serving
seasons, all at you with been have I manner what after Asia, into came I that day first the from know, Ye them, unto said he him, to come were they when And
church. the of elders the called and Ephesus, to sent he Miletus from And
Pentecost. of day the Jerusalem at be to him, for possible were it if hasted, he for Asia: in time the spend not would he because Ephesus, by sail to determined had Paul For
Miletus. to came we day next the and Trogyllium; at tarried and Samos, at arrived we day next the and Chios; against over day next the came and thence, sailed we And
Mitylene. to came and in, him took we Assos, at us with met he when And
afoot. go to himself minding appointed, he had so for Paul: in take to intending there Assos, unto sailed and ship, to before went we And
comforted. little a not were and alive, man young the brought they And
departed. he so day, of break till even while, long a talked and eaten, and bread, broken had and again, up come was therefore he When
him. in is life his for yourselves; not Trouble said, him embracing and him, on fell and down, went Paul And
dead. up taken was and loft, third the from down fell and sleep, with down sunk he preaching, long was Paul as and sleep: deep a into fallen being Eutychus, named man young certain a window a in sat there And
together. gathered were they where chamber, upper the in lights many were there And
midnight. until speech his continued and morrow; the on depart to ready them, unto preached Paul bread, break to together came disciples the when week, the of day first the upon And
days. seven abode we where days; five in Troas to them unto came and bread, unleavened of days the after Philippi from away sailed we And
Troas. at us for tarried before going These
Trophimus. and Tychicus Asia, of and Timotheus; and Derbe, of Gaius and Secundus; and Aristarchus Thessalonians, the of and Berea; of Sopater Asia into him accompanied there And
Macedonia. through return to purposed he Syria, into sail to about was he as him, for wait laid Jews the when And months. three abode there And
Greece, into came he exhortation, much them given had and parts, those over gone had he when And
Macedonia. into go to for departed and them, embraced and disciples, the him unto called Paul ceased, was uproar the after And
assembly. the dismissed he spoken, thus had he when And
concourse. this of account an give may we whereby cause no being there uproar, day's this for question in called be to danger in are we For
assembly. lawful a in determined be shall it matters, other concerning thing any enquire ye if But
another. one implead them let deputies: are there and open, is law the man, any against matter a have him, with are which craftsmen the and Demetrius, if Wherefore
goddess. your of blasphemers yet nor churches, of robbers neither are which men, these hither brought have ye For
rashly. nothing do to and quiet, be to ought ye against, spoken be cannot things these that then Seeing
Jupiter? from down fell which image the of and Diana, goddess great the of worshipper a is Ephesians the of city the that how not knoweth that there is man what Ephesus, of men Ye said, he people, the appeased had townclerk the when And
Ephesians. the of Diana is Great out, cried hours two of space the about voice one with all Jew, a was he that knew they when But
people. the unto defence his made have would and hand, the with beckoned Alexander And forward. him putting Jews the multitude, the of out Alexander drew they And
together. come were they wherefore not knew part more the and confused: was assembly the for another: some and thing, one cried therefore Some
theatre. the into himself adventure not would he that him desiring him, unto sent friends, his were which Asia, of chief the of certain And
not. him suffered disciples the people, the unto in entered have would Paul when And
theatre. the into accord one with rushed they travel, in companions Paul's Macedonia, of men Aristarchus, and Gaius caught having and confusion: with filled was city whole the And
Ephesians. the of Diana is Great saying, out, cried and wrath, of full were they sayings, these heard they when And
worshippeth. world the and Asia all whom destroyed, be should magnificence her and despised, be should Diana goddess great the of temple the that also but nought; at set be to danger in is craft our this only not that So
hands: with made are which gods, no be they that saying people, much away turned and persuaded hath Paul this Asia, all throughout almost but Ephesus, at alone not that hear, and see ye Moreover
wealth. our have we craft this by that know ye Sirs, said, and occupation, like of workmen the with together called he Whom
craftsmen; the unto gain small no brought Diana, for shrines silver made which silversmith, a Demetrius, named man certain a For
way. that about stir small no arose there time same the And
season. a for Asia in stayed himself he but Erastus; and Timotheus him, unto ministered that them of two Macedonia into sent he So
Rome. see also must I there, been have I After saying, Jerusalem, to go to Achaia, and Macedonia through passed had he when spirit, the in purposed Paul ended, were things these After
prevailed. and God of word the grew mightily So
silver. of pieces thousand fifty it found and them, of price the counted they and men: all before them burned and together, books their brought arts curious used which also them of Many
deeds. their shewed and confessed, and came, believed that many And
magnified. was Jesus Lord the of name the and all, them on fell fear and Ephesus; at dwelling also Greeks and Jews the all to known was this And
wounded. and naked house that of out fled they that so them, against prevailed and them, overcame and them, on leaped was spirit evil the whom in man the And
ye? are who but know; I Paul and know, I Jesus said, and answered spirit evil the And
so. did which priests, the of chief and Jew, a Sceva, one of sons seven were there And
preacheth. Paul whom Jesus by you adjure We saying, Jesus, Lord the of name the spirits evil had which them over call to them upon took exorcists, Jews, vagabond the of certain Then
them. of out went spirits evil the and them, from departed diseases the and aprons, or handkerchiefs sick the unto brought were body his from that So
Paul: of hands the by miracles special wrought God And
Greeks. and Jews both Jesus, Lord the of word the heard Asia in dwelt which they all that so years; two of space the by continued this And
Tyrannus. one of school the in daily disputing disciples, the separated and them, from departed he multitude, the before way that of evil spake but not, believed and hardened, were divers when But
God. of kingdom the concerning things the persuading and disputing months, three of space the for boldly spake and synagogue, the into went he And
twelve. about were men the all And
prophesied. and tongues, with spake they and them; on came Ghost Holy the them, upon hands his laid had Paul when And
Jesus. Lord the of name the in baptized were they this, heard they When
Jesus. Christ on is, that him, after come should which him on believe should they that people, the unto saying repentance, of baptism the with baptized verily John Paul, said Then
baptism. John's Unto said, they And baptized? ye were then what Unto them, unto said he And
Ghost. Holy any be there whether heard as much so not have We him, unto said they And believed? ye since Ghost Holy the received ye Have them, unto said He
disciples, certain finding and Ephesus: to came coasts upper the through passed having Paul Corinth, at was Apollos while that, pass, to came it And
Christ. was Jesus that scriptures the by shewing publicly, that and Jews, the convinced mightily he For
grace: through believed had which much them helped come, was he when who, him: receive to disciples the exhorting wrote, brethren the Achaia, into pass to disposed was he when And
perfectly. more God of way the him unto expounded and them, unto him took they heard, had Priscilla and Aquila when whom synagogue: the in boldly speak to began he And
John. of baptism the only knowing Lord, the of things the diligently taught and spake he spirit, the in fervent being and Lord; the of way the in instructed was man This
Ephesus. to came scriptures, the in mighty and man, eloquent an Alexandria, at born Apollos, named Jew certain a And
disciples. the all strengthening order, in Phrygia and Galatia of country the all over went and departed, he there, time some spent had he after And
Antioch. to down went he church, the saluted and up, gone and Caesarea, at landed had he when And
Ephesus. from sailed he And will. God if you, unto again return will I but Jerusalem: in cometh that feast this keep means all by must I saying, farewell, them bade But
not; consented he them, with time longer tarry to him desired they When
Jews. the with reasoned and synagogue, the into entered himself he but there: them left and Ephesus, to came he And
vow. a had he for Cenchrea: in head his shorn having Aquila; and Priscilla him with and Syria, into thence sailed and brethren, the of leave his took then and while, good a yet there tarried this after Paul And
things. those of none for cared Gallio And seat. judgment the before him beat and synagogue, the of ruler chief the Sosthenes, took Greeks the all Then
seat. judgment the from them drave he And
matters. such of judge no be will I for it; to ye look law, your of and names, and words of question a be it if But
you: with bear should I that would reason Jews, ye O lewdness, wicked or wrong of matter a were it If Jews, the unto said Gallio mouth, his open to about now was Paul when And
law. the to contrary God worship to men persuadeth fellow This Saying,
seat, judgment the to him brought and Paul, against accord one with insurrection made Jews the Achaia, of deputy the was Gallio when And
them. among God of word the teaching months, six and year a there continued he And
city. this in people much have I for thee: hurt to thee on set shall man no and thee, with am I For
peace: thy not hold and speak, but afraid, not Be vision, a by night the in Paul to Lord the spake Then
baptized. were and believed, hearing Corinthians the of many and house; his all with Lord the on believed synagogue, the of ruler chief the Crispus, And
synagogue. the to hard joined house whose God, worshipped that one Justus, named house, man's certain a into entered and thence, departed he And
Gentiles. the unto go will I henceforth from clean; am I heads; own your upon be blood Your them, unto said and raiment, his shook he blasphemed, and themselves, opposed they when And
Christ. was Jesus that Jews the to testified and spirit, the in pressed was Paul Macedonia, from come were Timotheus and Silas when And
Greeks. the and Jews the persuaded and sabbath, every synagogue the in reasoned he And
tentmakers. were they occupation their by for wrought: and them, with abode he craft, same the of was he because And
them. unto came and Rome:) from depart to Jews all commanded had Claudius that (because Priscilla; wife his with Italy, from come lately Pontus, in born Aquila, named Jew certain a found And
Corinth; to came and Athens, from departed Paul things these After
them. with others and Damaris, named woman a and Areopagite, the Dionysius was which the among believed: and him, unto clave men certain Howbeit
them. among from departed Paul So
matter. this of again thee hear will We said, others and mocked: some dead, the of resurrection the of heard they when And
dead. the from him raised hath he that in men, all unto assurance given hath he whereof ordained; hath he whom man that by righteousness in world the judge will he which the in day, a appointed hath he Because
repent: to where every men all commandeth now but at; winked God ignorance this of times the And
device. man's and art by graven stone, or silver, or gold, unto like is Godhead the that think to not ought we God, of offspring the are we as then Forasmuch
offspring. his also are we For said, have poets own your of also certain as being; our have and move, and live, we him in For
us: of one every from far not be he though him, find and him, after feel might they haply if Lord, the seek should they That
habitation; their of bounds the and appointed, before times the determined hath and earth, the of face the all on dwell to for men of nations all blood one of made hath And
things; all and breath, and life, all to giveth he seeing thing, any needed he though as hands, men's with worshipped is Neither
hands; with made temples in not dwelleth earth, and heaven of Lord is he that seeing therein, things all and world the made that God
you. unto I declare him worship, ignorantly ye therefore Whom . God Unknown The To inscription, this with altar an found I devotions, your beheld and by, passed I as For
superstitious. too are ye things all in that perceive I Athens, of men Ye said, and hill, Mars' of midst the in stood Paul Then
thing.) new some hear to or tell, to either but else, nothing in time their spent there were which strangers and Athenians the all (For
mean. things these what therefore know would we ears: our to things strange certain bringest thou For
is? speakest, thou whereof doctrine, new this what know we May saying, Areopagus, unto him brought and him, took they And
resurrection. the and Jesus, them unto preached he because gods: strange of forth setter a be to seemeth He some, other say? babbler this will What said, some And him. encountered Stoicks, the of and Epicureans, the of philosophers certain Then
him. with met that them with daily market the in and persons, devout the with and Jews, the with synagogue the in he disputed Therefore
idolatry. to given wholly city the saw he when him, in stirred was spirit his Athens, at them for waited Paul while Now
departed. they speed, all with him to come to for Timotheus and Silas unto commandment a receiving and Athens: unto him brought Paul conducted that they And
still. there abode Timotheus and Silas but sea: the to were it as go to Paul away sent brethren the immediately then And
people. the up stirred and also, thither came they Berea, at Paul of preached was God of word the that knowledge had Thessalonica of Jews the when But
few. a not men, of and Greeks, were which women honourable of also believed; them of many Therefore
so. were things those whether daily, scriptures the searched and mind, of readiness all with word the received they that in Thessalonica, in those than noble more were These
Jews. the of synagogue the into went thither coming who Berea: unto night by Silas and Paul away sent immediately brethren the And
go. them let they other, the of and Jason, of security taken had they when And
things. these heard they when city, the of rulers the and people the troubled they And
Jesus. one king, another is there that saying Caesar, of decrees the to contrary do all these and received: hath Jason Whom
also; hither come are down upside world the turned have that These crying, city, the of rulers the unto brethren certain and Jason drew they not, them found they when And
people. the to out them bring to sought and Jason, of house the assaulted and uproar, an on city the all set and company, a gathered and sort, baser the of fellows lewd certain them unto took envy, with moved not, believed which Jews the But
few. a not women chief the of and multitude, great a Greeks devout the of and Silas; and Paul with consorted and believed, them of some And
Christ. is you, unto preach I whom Jesus, this that and dead; the from again risen and suffered, have needs must Christ that alleging, and Opening
scriptures, the of out them with reasoned days sabbath three and them, unto in went was, manner his as Paul, And
Jews: the of synagogue a was where Thessalonica, to came they Apollonia, and Amphipolis through passed had they when Now
departed. and them, comforted they brethren, the seen had they when and Lydia: of house the into entered and prison, the of out went they And
city. the of out depart to them desired and out, them brought and them, besought and came they And
Romans. were they that heard they when feared, they and magistrates: the unto words these told serjeants the And
out. us fetch and themselves come them let but verily; nay privily? out us thrust they do now and prison; into us cast have and Romans, being uncondemned, openly us beaten have They them, unto said Paul But
peace. in go and depart, therefore now go: you let to sent have magistrates The Paul, to saying this told prison the of keeper the And
go. men those Let saying, serjeants, the sent magistrates the day, was it when And
house. his all with God in believing rejoiced, and them, before meat set he house, his into them brought had he when And
straightway. his, all and he baptized, was and stripes; their washed and night, the of hour same the them took he And
house. his in were that all to and Lord, the of word the him unto spake they And
house. thy and saved, be shalt thou and Christ, Jesus Lord the on Believe said, they And
saved? be to do I must what Sirs, said, and out, them brought And
Silas, and Paul before down fell and trembling, came and in, sprang and light, a for called he Then
here. all are we for harm: no thyself Do saying, voice, loud a with cried Paul But
fled. been had prisoners the that supposing himself, killed have would and sword, his out drew he open, doors prison the seeing and sleep, his of out awaking prison the of keeper the And
loosed. were bands one's every and opened, were doors the all immediately and shaken: were prison the of foundations the that so earthquake, great a was there suddenly And
them. heard prisoners the and God: unto praises sang and prayed, Silas and Paul midnight at And
stocks. the in fast feet their made and prison, inner the into them thrust charge, a such received having Who,
safely: them keep to jailor the charging prison, into them cast they them, upon stripes many laid had they when And
them. beat to commanded and clothes, their off rent magistrates the and them: against together up rose multitude the And
Romans. being observe, to neither receive, to us for lawful not are which customs, teach And
city, our trouble exceedingly do Jews, being men, These saying, magistrates, the to them brought And
rulers, the unto marketplace the into them drew and Silas, and Paul caught they gone, was gains their of hope the that saw masters her when And
hour. same the out came he And her. of out come to Christ Jesus of name the in thee command I spirit, the to said and turned grieved, being Paul, But days. many she did this And
salvation. of way the us unto shew which God, high most the of servants the are men These saying, cried, and us, and Paul followed same The
soothsaying: by gain much masters her brought which us, met divination of spirit a with possessed damsel certain a prayer, to went we as pass, to came it And
us. constrained she And there. abide and house, my into come Lord, the to faithful be to me judged have ye If saying, us, besought she household, her and baptized, was she when And
Paul. of spoken were which things the unto attended she that opened, Lord the heart whose us: heard God, worshipped which Thyatira, of city the of purple, of seller a Lydia, named woman certain a And
thither. resorted which women the unto spake and down, sat we and made; be to wont was prayer where side, river a by city the of out went we sabbath the on And
days. certain abiding city that in were we and colony: a and Macedonia, of part that of city chief the is which Philippi, to thence from And
Neapolis; to day next the and Samothracia, to course straight a with came we Troas, from loosing Therefore
them. unto gospel the preach to for us called had Lord the that gathering assuredly Macedonia, into go to endeavoured we immediately vision, the seen had he after And
us. help and Macedonia, into over Come saying, him, prayed and Macedonia, of man a stood There night; the in Paul to appeared vision a And
Troas. to down came Mysia by passing they And
not. them suffered Spirit the but Bithynia: into go to assayed they Mysia, to come were they After
Asia, in word the preach to Ghost Holy the of forbidden were and Galatia, of region the and Phrygia throughout gone had they when Now
daily. number in increased and faith, the in established churches the were so And
Jerusalem. at were which elders and apostles the of ordained were that keep, to for decrees the them delivered they cities, the through went they as And
Greek. a was father his that all knew they for quarters: those in were which Jews the of because him circumcised and took and him; with forth go to have Paul would Him
Iconium. and Lystra at were that brethren the by of reported well was Which
Greek: a was father his but believed; and Jewess, a was which woman, certain a of son the Timotheus, named there, was disciple certain a behold, and, Lystra: and Derbe to he came Then
churches. the confirming Cilicia, and Syria through went he And
God. of grace the unto brethren the by recommended being departed, and Silas, chose Paul And
Cyprus; unto sailed and Mark, took Barnabas so and other: the from one asunder departed they that them, between sharp so was contention the And
work. the to them with not went and Pamphylia, from them from departed who them, with him take to good not thought Paul But
Mark. was surname whose John, them with take to determined Barnabas And
do. they how see and , Lord the of word the preached have we where city every in brethren our visit and again go us Let Barnabas, unto said Paul after days some And
also. others many with Lord, the of word the preaching and teaching Antioch, in continued Barnabas and also Paul
still. there abide to Silas pleased it Notwithstanding
apostles. the unto brethren the from peace in go let were they space, a there tarried had they after And
them. confirmed and words, many with brethren the exhorted themselves, also prophets being Silas, and Judas And
consolation. the for rejoiced they read, had they when Which
epistle: the delivered they together, multitude the gathered had they when and Antioch: to came they dismissed, were they when So
well. ye Fare well. do shall ye yourselves, keep ye if which from fornication: from and strangled, things from and blood, from and idols, to offered meats from abstain ye That
things; necessary these than burden greater no you upon lay to us, to and Ghost, Holy the to good seemed it For
mouth. by things same the you tell also shall who Silas, and Judas therefore sent have We
Christ. Jesus Lord our of name the for lives their hazarded have that Men
Paul, and Barnabas beloved our with you unto men chosen send to accord, one with assembled being us, unto good seemed It
commandment: such no gave we whom to law: the keep and circumcised, be must Ye saying, souls, your subverting words, with you troubled have us from out went which certain that heard, have we as Forasmuch
Cilicia. and Syria and Antioch in Gentiles the of are which brethren the unto greeting send brethren and elders and apostles The manner; this after them by letters wrote they And
brethren: the among men chief Silas, and Barsabas surnamed Judas namely, Barnabas; and Paul with Antioch to company own their of men chosen send to church, whole the with elders and apostles the it pleased Then
day. sabbath every synagogues the in read being him, preach that them city every in hath time old of Moses For
blood. from and strangled, things from and fornication, from and idols, of pollutions from abstain they that them, unto write we that But
God: to turned are Gentiles the among from which them, not trouble we that is, sentence my Wherefore
world. the of beginning the from works his all are God unto Known
things. these all doeth who Lord, the saith called, is name my whom upon Gentiles, the all and Lord, the after seek might men of residue the That
up: it set will I and thereof, ruins the again build will I and down; fallen is which David, of tabernacle the again build will and return, will I this After
written, is it as prophets; the of words the agree this to And
name. his for people a them of out take to Gentiles, the visit did first the at God how declared hath Simeon
me: unto hearken brethren, and Men saying, answered, James peace, their held had they after And
them. by Gentiles the among wrought had God wonders and miracles what declaring Paul, and Barnabas to audience gave and silence, kept multitude the all Then
they. as even saved, be shall we Christ Jesus Lord the of grace the through that believe we But
bear? to able were we nor fathers our neither which disciples, the of neck the upon yoke a put to God, ye tempt why therefore Now
faith. by hearts their purifying them, and us between difference no put And
us; unto did he as even Ghost, Holy the them giving witness, them bare hearts, the knoweth which God, And
believe. and gospel, the of word the hear should mouth my by Gentiles the that us, among choice made God ago while good a that how know ye brethren, and Men them, unto said and up, rose Peter disputing, much been had there when And
matter. this of consider to for together came elders and apostles the And
Moses. of law the keep to them command to and them, circumcise to needful was it That saying, believed, which Pharisees the of sect the of certain up rose there But
them. with done had God that things all declared they and elders, and apostles the of and church, the of received were they Jerusalem, to come were they when And
brethren. the all unto joy great caused they and Gentiles: the of conversion the declaring Samaria, and Phenice through passed they church, the by way their on brought being And
question. this about elders and apostles the unto Jerusalem to up go should them, of other certain and Barnabas, and Paul that determined they them, with disputation and dissension small no had Barnabas and Paul therefore When
saved. be cannot ye Moses, of manner the after circumcised be ye Except said, and brethren, the taught Judaea from down came which men certain And
disciples. the with time long abode they there And
Gentiles. the unto faith of door the opened had he how and them, with done had God that all rehearsed they together, church the gathered had and come, were they when And
fulfilled. they which work the for God of grace the to recommended been had they whence from Antioch, to sailed thence And
Attalia: into down went they Perga, in word the preached had they when And
Pamphylia. to came they Pisidia, throughout passed had they after And
believed. they whom on Lord, the to them commended they fasting, with prayed had and church, every in elders them ordained had they when And
God. of kingdom the into enter tribulation much through must we that and faith, the in continue to them exhorting and disciples, the of souls the Confirming
Antioch, and Iconium, to and Lystra, to again returned they many, taught had and city, that to gospel the preached had they when And
Derbe. to Barnabas with departed he day next the and city: the into came and up, rose he him, about round stood disciples the as Howbeit,
dead. been had he supposing city, the of out him drew Paul, stoned having and people, the persuaded who Iconium, and Antioch from Jews certain thither came there And
them. unto sacrifice done not had they that people, the they restrained scarce sayings these with And
gladness. and food with hearts our filling seasons, fruitful and heaven, from rain us gave and good, did he that in witness, without himself not left he Nevertheless
ways. own their in walk to nations all suffered past times in Who
therein: are that things all and sea, the and earth, and heaven, made which God, living the unto vanities these from turn should ye that you unto preach and you, with passions like of men are also We things? these ye do why Sirs, saying, And
out, crying people, the among in ran and clothes, their rent they of, heard Paul, and Barnabas apostles, the when Which
people. the with sacrifice done have would and gates, the unto garlands and oxen brought city, their before was which Jupiter, of priest the Then
speaker. chief the was he because Mercurius, Paul, and Jupiter; Barnabas, called they And
men. of likeness the in us to down come are gods The Lycaonia, of speech the in saying voices, their up lifted they done, had Paul what saw people the when And
walked. and leaped he And feet. thy on upright Stand voice, loud a with Said
healed, be to faith had he that perceiving and him, beholding stedfastly who speak: Paul heard same The
walked: had never who womb, mother's his from cripple a being feet, his in impotent Lystra, at man certain a sat there And
gospel. the preached they there And
about: round lieth that region the unto and Lycaonia, of cities Derbe, and Lystra unto fled and it, of ware were They
them, stone to and despitefully, them use to rulers, their with Jews the of also and Gentiles, the of both made assault an was there when And
apostles. the with part and Jews, the with held part and divided: was city the of multitude the But
hands. their by done be to wonders and signs granted and grace, his of word the unto testimony gave which Lord, the in boldly speaking they abode therefore time Long
brethren. the against affected evil minds their made and Gentiles, the up stirred Jews unbelieving the But
believed. Greeks the of also and Jews the of both multitude great a that spake, so and Jews, the of synagogue the into together both went they that Iconium, in pass to came it And
Ghost. Holy the with and joy, with filled were disciples the And
Iconium. unto came and them, against feet their of dust the off shook they But
coasts. their of out them expelled and Barnabas, and Paul against persecution raised and city, the of men chief the and women, honourable and devout the up stirred Jews the But
region. the all throughout published was Lord the of word the And
believed. life eternal to ordained were as many as and Lord: the of word the glorified and glad, were they this, heard Gentiles the when And
earth. the of ends the unto salvation for be shouldest thou that Gentiles, the of light a be to thee set have I saying, us, commanded Lord the hath so For
Gentiles. the to turn we lo, life, everlasting of unworthy yourselves judge and you, from it put ye seeing but you: to spoken been have first should God of word the that necessary was It said, and bold, waxed Barnabas and Paul Then
blaspheming. and contradicting Paul, by spoken were which things those against spake and envy, with filled were they multitudes, the saw Jews the when But
God. of word the hear to together city whole the almost came day sabbath next the And
God. of grace the in continue to them persuaded them, to speaking who, Barnabas: and Paul followed proselytes religious and Jews the of many up, broken was congregation the when Now
sabbath. next the them to preached be might words these that besought Gentiles the synagogue, the of out gone were Jews the when And
you. unto it declare man a though believe, wise no in shall ye which work a days, your in work a work I for perish: and wonder, and despisers, ye Behold,
prophets; the in of spoken is which you, upon come that lest therefore, Beware
Moses. of law the by justified be not could ye which from things, all from justified are believe that all him by And
sins: of forgiveness the you unto preached is man this through that brethren, and men therefore, you unto known it Be
corruption. no saw again, raised God whom he, But
corruption: saw and fathers, his unto laid was and sleep, on fell God, of will the by generation own his served had he after David, For
corruption. see to One Holy thine suffer not shalt Thou psalm, another in also saith he Wherefore
David. of mercies sure the you give will I wise, this on said he corruption, to return to more no now dead, the from up him raised he that concerning as And
thee. begotten I have day this Son, my art Thou psalm, second the in written also is it as again; Jesus up raised hath he that in children, their us unto same the fulfilled hath God
fathers, the unto made was which promise the that how tidings, glad you unto declare we And
people. the unto witnesses his are who Jerusalem, to Galilee from him with up came which them of days many seen was he And
dead: the from him raised God But
sepulchre. a in him laid and tree, the from down him took they him, of written was that all fulfilled had they when And
slain. be should he that Pilate they desired yet him, in death of cause no found they though And
him. condemning in them fulfilled have they day, sabbath every read are which prophets the of voices the yet nor not, him knew they because rulers, their and Jerusalem, at dwell that they For
sent. salvation this of word the is you to God, feareth you among whosoever and Abraham, of stock the of children brethren, and Men
loose. to worthy not am I feet his of shoes whose me, after one cometh there behold, But, he. not am I am? I that ye think Whom said, he course, his fulfilled John as And
Israel. of people the all to repentance of baptism the coming his before preached first had John When
Jesus: Saviour, a Israel unto raised promise his to according God hath seed man's this Of
will. my all fulfil shall which heart, own mine after man a Jesse, of son the David found have I said, and testimony, their gave he also whom to king; their be to David them unto up raised he him, removed had he when And
years. forty of space the by Benjamin, of tribe the of man a Cis, of son the Saul them unto gave God and king: a desired they afterward And
prophet. the Samuel until years, fifty and hundred four of space the about judges them unto gave he that after And
lot. by them to land their divided he Chanaan, of land the in nations seven destroyed had he when And
wilderness. the in manners their he suffered years forty of time the about And
it. of out them he brought arm high an with and Egypt, of land the in strangers as dwelt they when people the exalted and fathers, our chose Israel of people this of God The
audience. give God, fear that ye and Israel, of Men said, hand his with beckoning and up, stood Paul Then
on. say people, the for exhortation of word any have ye if brethren, and men Ye saying, them, unto sent synagogue the of rulers the prophets the and law the of reading the after And
down. sat and day, sabbath the on synagogue the into went and Pisidia, in Antioch to came they Perga, from departed they when But
Jerusalem. to returned them from departing John and Pamphylia: in Perga to came they Paphos, from loosed company his and Paul when Now
Lord. the of doctrine the at astonished being believed, done, was what saw he when deputy, the Then
hand. the by him lead to some seeking about went he and darkness; a and mist a him on fell there immediately And season. a for sun the seeing not blind, be shalt thou and thee, upon is Lord the of hand the behold, now, And
Lord? the of ways right the pervert to cease not thou wilt righteousness, all of enemy thou devil, the of child thou mischief, all and subtilty all of full O said, And
him. on eyes his set Ghost, Holy the with filled Paul,) called is also (who Saul, Then
faith. the from deputy the away turn to seeking them, withstood interpretation) by name his is so (for sorcerer the Elymas But
God. of word the hear to desired and Saul, and Barnabas for called who man; prudent a Paulus, Sergius country, the of deputy the with was Which
Barjesus: was name whose Jew, a prophet, false a sorcerer, certain a found they Paphos, unto isle the through gone had they when And
minister. their to John also had they and Jews: the of synagogues the in God of word the preached they Salamis, at were they when And
Cyprus. to sailed they thence from and Seleucia; unto departed Ghost, Holy the by forth sent being they, So
away. them sent they them, on hands their laid and prayed, and fasted had they when And
them. called have I whereunto work the for Saul and Barnabas me Separate said, Ghost Holy the fasted, and Lord, the to ministered they As
Saul. and tetrarch, the Herod with up brought been had which Manaen, and Cyrene, of Lucius and Niger, called was that Simeon and Barnabas, as teachers; and prophets certain Antioch at was that church the in were there Now
Mark. was surname whose John, them with took and ministry, their fulfilled had they when Jerusalem, from returned Saul and Barnabas And
multiplied. and grew God of word the But
ghost. the up gave and worms, of eaten was he and glory: the God not gave he because him, smote Lord the of angel the immediately And
man. a of not and god, a of voice the is It saying, shout, a gave people the And
them. unto oration an made and throne, his upon sat apparel, royal in arrayed Herod, day set a upon And
country. king's the by nourished was country their because peace; desired friend, their chamberlain king's the Blastus made having and, him, to accord one with came they but Sidon: and Tyre of them with displeased highly was Herod And
abode. there and Caesarea, to Judaea from down went he And death. to put be should they that commanded and keepers, the examined he not, him found and him, for sought had Herod when And
Peter. of become was what soldiers, the among stir small no was there day, was it as soon as Now
place. another into went and departed, he And brethren. the to and James, unto things these shew Go said, he And prison. the of out him brought had Lord the how them unto declared peace, their hold to hand the with them unto beckoning he, But
astonished. were they him, saw and door, the opened had they when and knocking: continued Peter But
angel. his is It they, said Then so. even was it that affirmed constantly she But mad. art Thou her, unto said they And
gate. the before stood Peter how told and in, ran but gladness, for gate the not opened she voice, Peter's knew she when And
Rhoda. named hearken, to came damsel a gate, the of door the at knocked Peter as And
praying. together gathered were many where Mark; was surname whose John, of mother the Mary of house the to came he thing, the considered had he when And
Jews. the of people the of expectation the all from and Herod, of hand the of out me delivered hath and angel, his sent hath Lord the that surety, a of know I Now said, he himself, to come was Peter when And
him. from departed angel the forthwith and street; one through on passed and out, went they and accord: own his of them to opened which city; the unto leadeth that gate iron the unto came they ward, second the and first the past were they When
vision. a saw he thought but angel; the by done was which true was it that not wist and him; followed and out, went he And
me. follow and thee, about garment thy Cast him, unto saith he And did. he so And sandals. thy on bind and thyself, Gird him, unto said angel the And
hands. his from off fell chains his And quickly. up Arise saying, up, him raised and side, the on Peter smote he and prison: the in shined light a and him, upon came Lord the of angel the behold, And,
prison. the kept door the before keepers the and chains: two with bound soldiers, two between sleeping was Peter night same the forth, him brought have would Herod when And
him. for God unto church the of ceasing without made was prayer but prison: in kept was therefore Peter
people. the to forth him bring to Easter after intending him; keep to soldiers of quaternions four to him delivered and prison, in him put he him, apprehended had he when And
bread.) unleavened of days the were (Then also. Peter take to further proceeded he Jews, the pleased it saw he because And
sword. the with John of brother the James killed he And
church. the of certain vex to hands his forth stretched king the Herod time that about Now
Saul. and Barnabas of hands the by elders the to it sent and did, they also Which
Judaea: in dwelt which brethren the unto relief send to determined ability, his to according man every disciples, the Then
Caesar. Claudius of days the in pass to came which world: the all throughout dearth great be should there that Spirit the by signified and Agabus, named them of one up stood there And
Antioch. unto Jerusalem from prophets came days these in And
Antioch. in first Christians called were disciples the And people. much taught and church, the with themselves assembled they year whole a that pass, to came it And Antioch. unto him brought he him, found had he when And
Saul: seek to for Tarsus, to Barnabas departed Then
Lord. the unto added was people much and faith: of and Ghost Holy the of full and man, good a was he For
Lord. the unto cleave would they heart of purpose with that all, them exhorted and glad, was God, of grace the seen had and came, he when Who,
Antioch. as far as go should he that Barnabas, forth sent they and Jerusalem: in was which church the of ears the unto came things these of tidings Then
Lord. the unto turned and believed, number great a and them: with was Lord the of hand the And
Jesus. Lord the preaching Grecians, the unto spake Antioch, to come were they when which, Cyrene, and Cyprus of men were them of some And
only. Jews the unto but none to word the preaching Antioch, and Cyprus, and Phenice, as far as travelled Stephen about arose that persecution the upon abroad scattered were which they Now
life. unto repentance granted Gentiles the to also God hath Then saying, God, glorified and peace, their held they things, these heard they When
God? withstand could I that I, was what Christ; Jesus Lord the on believed who us, unto did he as gift like the them gave God as then Forasmuch
Ghost. Holy the with baptized be shall ye but water; with baptized indeed John said, he that how Lord, the of word the I remembered Then
beginning. the at us on as them, on fell Ghost Holy the speak, to began I as And
saved. be shall house thy all and thou whereby words, thee tell shall Who
Peter; is surname whose Simon, for call and Joppa, to men Send him, unto said and stood which house, his in angel an seen had he how us shewed he And
house: man's the into entered we and me, accompanied brethren six these Moreover doubting. nothing them, with go me bade Spirit the And
me. unto Caesarea from sent was, I where house the unto come already men three were there immediately behold, And,
heaven. into again up drawn were all and times: three done was this And
common. thou not call that cleansed, hath God What heaven, from again me answered voice the But
mouth. my into entered time any at hath unclean or common nothing for Lord: so, Not said, I But
eat. and slay Peter; Arise, me, unto saying voice a heard I And
air. the of fowls and things, creeping and beasts, wild and earth, the of beasts fourfooted saw and considered, I eyes, mine fastened had I when which the Upon
me: to even came it and corners; four by heaven from down let sheet, great a been had it as descend, vessel certain A vision, a saw I trance a in and praying: Joppa of city the in was I
saying, them, unto order by it expounded and beginning, the from matter the rehearsed Peter But
them. with eat didst and uncircumcised, men to in wentest Thou Saying,
him, with contended circumcision the of were that they Jerusalem, to up come was Peter when And
God. of word the received also had Gentiles the that heard Judaea in were that brethren and apostles the And
days. certain tarry to him they prayed Then Lord. the of name the in baptized be to them commanded he And
we? as well as Ghost Holy the received have which baptized, be not should these that water, forbid man any Can
Peter, answered Then God. magnify and tongues, with speak them heard they For
Ghost. Holy the of gift the out poured was also Gentiles the on that because Peter, with came as many as astonished, were believed which circumcision the of they And
word. the heard which them all on fell Ghost Holy the words, these spake yet Peter While
sins. of remission receive shall him in believeth whosoever name his through that witness, prophets the all give him To
dead. and quick of Judge the be to God of ordained was which he is it that testify to and people, the unto preach to us commanded he And
dead. the from rose he after him with drink and eat did who us, to even God, before chosen witnesses unto but people, the all to Not
openly; him shewed and day, third the up raised God Him
tree: a on hanged and slew they whom Jerusalem; in and Jews, the of land the in both did he which things all of witnesses are we And
him. with was God for devil; the of oppressed were that all healing and good, doing about went who power: with and Ghost Holy the with Nazareth of Jesus anointed God How
preached; John which baptism the after Galilee, from began and Judaea, all throughout published was which know, ye say, I word, That
all:) of Lord is (he Christ: Jesus by peace preaching Israel, of children the unto sent God which word The
him. with accepted is righteousness, worketh and him, feareth that he nation every in But
persons: of respecter no is God that perceive I truth a Of said, and mouth, his opened Peter Then
God. of thee commanded are that things all hear to God, before present here all we are therefore Now come. art thou that done well hast thou and thee; to sent I therefore Immediately
thee. unto speak shall cometh, he when who, side: sea the by tanner a Simon one of house the in lodged is he Peter; is surname whose Simon, hither call and Joppa, to therefore Send
God. of sight the in remembrance in had are alms thine and heard, is prayer thy Cornelius, said, And
clothing, bright in me before stood man a behold, and, house, my in prayed I hour ninth the at and hour; this until fasting was I ago days Four said, Cornelius And
me? for sent have ye intent what for therefore ask I for: sent was I as soon as gainsaying, without you unto I came Therefore
unclean. or common man any call not should I that me shewed hath God but nation; another of one unto come or company, keep to Jew a is that man a for thing unlawful an is it that how know Ye them, unto said he And
together. come were that many found and in, went he him, with talked he as And
man. a am also myself I up; Stand saying, up, him took Peter But
him. worshipped and feet, his at down fell and him, met Cornelius in, coming was Peter as And
friends. near and kinsmen his together called had he and them, for waited Cornelius And Caesarea. into entered they after morrow the And
him. accompanied Joppa from brethren certain and them, with away went Peter morrow the on And them. lodged and in, them he called Then
thee. of words hear to and house, his into thee for send to angel holy an by God from warned was Jews, the of nation the all among report good of and God, feareth that one and man, just a centurion, the Cornelius said, they And
come? are ye wherefore cause the is what seek: ye whom he am I Behold, said, and Cornelius; from him unto sent were which men the to down went Peter Then
them. sent have I for nothing: doubting them, with go and down, thee get and therefore, Arise
thee. seek men three Behold, him, unto said Spirit the vision, the on thought Peter While
there. lodged were Peter, surnamed was which Simon, whether asked and called, And
gate, the before stood and house, Simon's for enquiry made had Cornelius from sent were which men the behold, mean, should seen had he which vision this what himself in doubted Peter while Now
heaven. into again up received was vessel the and thrice: done was This
common. thou not call that cleansed, hath God What time, second the again him unto spake voice the And
unclean. or common is that thing any eaten never have I for Lord; so, Not said, Peter But
eat. and kill, Peter; Rise, him, to voice a came there And
air. the of fowls and things, creeping and beasts, wild and earth, the of beasts fourfooted of manner all were Wherein
earth: the to down let and corners, four the at knit sheet great a been had it as him, upon descending vessel certain a and opened, heaven saw And
trance, a into fell he ready, made they while but eaten: have would and hungry, very became he And
hour: sixth the about pray to housetop the upon up went Peter city, the unto nigh drew and journey, their on went they as morrow, the On
Joppa. to them sent he them, unto things these all declared had he when And
continually; him on waited that them of soldier devout a and servants, household his of two called he departed, was Cornelius unto spake which angel the when And
do. to oughtest thou what thee tell shall he side: sea the by is house whose tanner, a Simon one with lodgeth He
Peter: is surname whose Simon, one for call and Joppa, to men send now And
God. before memorial a for up come are alms thine and prayers Thy him, unto said he And Lord? it, is What said, and afraid, was he him, on looked he when And
Cornelius. him, unto saying and him, to in coming God of angel an day the of hour ninth the about evidently vision a in saw He
alway. God to prayed and people, the to alms much gave which house, his all with God feared that one and man, devout A
band, Italian the called band the of centurion a Cornelius, called Caesarea in man certain a was There
tanner. a Simon one with Joppa in days many tarried he that pass, to came it And
Lord. the in believed many and Joppa; all throughout known was it And
alive. her presented widows, and saints the called had he when and up, her lifted and hand, his her gave he And
up. sat she Peter, saw she when and eyes: her opened she And arise. Tabitha, said, body the to him turning and prayed; and down, kneeled and forth, all them put Peter But
them. with was she while made, Dorcas which garments and coats the shewing and weeping, him by stood widows the all and chamber: upper the into him brought they come, was he When them. with went and arose Peter Then
them. to come to delay not would he that him desiring men, two him unto sent they there, was Peter that heard had disciples the and Joppa, to nigh was Lydda as forasmuch And
chamber. upper an in her laid they washed, had they when whom died: and sick, was she that days, those in pass to came it And
did. she which almsdeeds and works good of full was woman this Dorcas: called is interpretation by which Tabitha, named disciple certain a Joppa at was there Now
Lord. the to turned and him, saw Saron and Lydda at dwelt that all And
immediately. arose he And bed. thy make and arise, whole: thee maketh Christ Jesus Aeneas, him, unto said Peter And
palsy. the of sick was and years, eight bed his kept had which Aeneas, named man certain a found he there And
Lydda. at dwelt which saints the to also down came he quarters, all throughout passed Peter as pass, to came it And
multiplied. were Ghost, Holy the of comfort the in and Lord, the of fear the in walking and edified; were and Samaria, and Galilee and Judaea all throughout rest churches the had Then
Tarsus. to forth him sent and Caesarea, to down him brought they knew, brethren the when Which
him. slay to about went they but Grecians: the against disputed and Jesus, Lord the of name the in boldly spake he And
Jerusalem. at out going and in coming them with was he And
Jesus. of name the in Damascus at boldly preached had he how and him, to spoken had he that and way, the in Lord the seen had he how them unto declared and apostles, the to him brought and him, took Barnabas But
disciple. a was he that not believed and him, of afraid all were they but disciples: the to himself join to assayed he Jerusalem, to come was Saul when And
basket. a in wall the by down him let and night, by him took disciples the Then
him. kill to night and day gates the watched they And Saul. of known was await laying their But
him: kill to counsel took Jews the fulfilled, were days many that after And
Christ. very is this that proving Damascus, at dwelt which Jews the confounded and strength, in more the increased Saul But
priests? chief the unto bound them bring might he that intent, that for hither came and Jerusalem, in name this on called which them destroyed that he this not Is said; and amazed, were him heard that all But
God. of Son the is he that synagogues, the in Christ preached he straightway And
Damascus. at were which disciples the with days certain Saul was Then strengthened. was he meat, received had he when And
baptized. was and arose, and forthwith, sight received he and scales: been had it as eyes his from fell there immediately And
Ghost. Holy the with filled be and sight, thy receive mightest thou that me, sent hath camest, thou as way the in thee unto appeared that Jesus, even Lord, the Saul, Brother said, him on hands his putting and house; the into entered and way, his went Ananias And
sake. name's my for suffer must he things great how him shew will I For
Israel: of children the and kings, and Gentiles, the before name my bear to me, unto vessel chosen a is he for way: thy Go him, unto said Lord the But
name. thy on call that all bind to priests chief the from authority hath he here And
Jerusalem: at saints thy to done hath he evil much how man, this of many by heard have I Lord, answered, Ananias Then
sight. his receive might he that him, on hand his putting and in, coming Ananias named man a vision a in seen hath And
prayeth, he behold, for, Tarsus: of Saul, called one for Judas of house the in enquire and Straight, called is which street the into go and Arise, him, unto said Lord the And
Lord. here, am I Behold, said, he And Ananias. vision, a in Lord the said him to and Ananias; named Damascus, at disciple certain a was there And
drink. nor eat did neither and sight, without days three was he And
Damascus. into him brought and hand, the by him led they but man: no saw he opened, were eyes his when and earth; the from arose Saul And
man. no seeing but voice, a hearing speechless, stood him with journeyed which men the And
do. must thou what thee told be shall it and city, the into go and Arise, him, unto said Lord the And do? to me have thou wilt what Lord, said, astonished and trembling he And
pricks. the against kick to thee for hard is it persecutest: thou whom Jesus am I said, Lord the And Lord? thou, art Who said, he And
me? thou persecutest why Saul, Saul, him, unto saying voice a heard and earth, the to fell he And
heaven: from light a him about round shined there suddenly and Damascus: near came he journeyed, he as And
Jerusalem. unto bound them bring might he women, or men were they whether way, this of any found he if that synagogues, the to Damascus to letters him of desired And
priest, high the unto went Lord, the of disciples the against slaughter and threatenings out breathing yet Saul, And
Caesarea. to came he till cities, the all in preached he through passing and Azotus: at found was Philip But
rejoicing. way his on went he and more: no him saw eunuch the that Philip, away caught Lord the of Spirit the water, the of out up come were they when And
him. baptized he and eunuch; the and Philip both water, the into both down went they and still: stand to chariot the commanded he And
God. of Son the is Christ Jesus that believe I said, and answered he And mayest. thou heart, thine all with believest thou If said, Philip And
baptized? be to me hinder doth what water; is here See, said, eunuch the and water: certain a unto came they way, their on went they as And
Jesus. him unto preached and scripture, same the at began and mouth, his opened Philip Then
man? other some of or himself, of this? prophet the speaketh whom of thee, pray I said, and Philip, answered eunuch the And
earth. the from taken is life his for generation? his declare shall who and away: taken was judgment his humiliation his In
mouth: his not he opened so shearer, his before dumb lamb a like and slaughter; the to sheep a as led was He this, was read he which scripture the of place The
him. with sit and up come would he that Philip desired he And me? guide should man some except I, can How said, he And
readest? thou what thou Understandest said, and Esaias, prophet the read him heard and him, to thither ran Philip And
chariot. this to thyself join and near, Go Philip, unto said Spirit the Then
prophet. the Esaias read chariot his in sitting and returning, Was
worship, to for Jerusalem to come had and treasure, her all of charge the had who Ethiopians, the of queen Candace under authority great of eunuch an Ethiopia, of man a behold, and, went: and arose he And
desert. is which Gaza, unto Jerusalem from down goeth that way the unto south the toward go and Arise, saying, Philip, unto spake Lord the of angel the And
Samaritans. the of villages many in gospel the preached and Jerusalem, to returned Lord, the of word the preached and testified had they when they, And
me. upon come spoken have ye which things these of none that me, for Lord the to ye Pray said, and Simon, answered Then
iniquity. of bond the in and bitterness, of gall the in art thou that perceive I For
thee. forgiven be may heart thine of thought the perhaps if God, pray and wickedness, thy this of therefore Repent
God. of sight the in right not is heart thy for matter: this in lot nor part neither hast Thou
money. with purchased be may God of gift the that thought hast thou because thee, with perish money Thy him, unto said Peter But
Ghost. Holy the receive may he hands, lay I whomsoever on that power, this also me Give Saying,
money, them offered he given, was Ghost Holy the hands apostles' the of on laying through that saw Simon when And
Ghost. Holy the received they and them, on hands their they laid Then
Jesus.) Lord the of name the in baptized were they only them: of none upon fallen was he yet as (For
Ghost: Holy the receive might they that them, for prayed down, come were they when Who,
John: and Peter them unto sent they God, of word the received had Samaria that heard Jerusalem at were which apostles the when Now
done. were which signs and miracles the beholding wondered, and Philip, with continued he baptized, was he when and also: believed himself Simon Then
women. and men both baptized, were they Christ, Jesus of name the and God, of kingdom the concerning things the preaching Philip believed they when But
sorceries. with them bewitched had he time long of that because regard, had they him to And
God. of power great the is man This saying, greatest, the to least the from heed, gave all they whom To
one: great some was himself that out giving Samaria, of people the bewitched and sorcery, used city same the in beforetime which Simon, called man, certain a was there But
city. that in joy great was there And
healed. were lame, were that and palsies, with taken many and them: with possessed were that many of out came voice, loud with crying spirits, unclean For
did. he which miracles the seeing and hearing spake, Philip which things those unto heed gave accord one with people the And
them. unto Christ preached and Samaria, of city the to down went Philip Then
word. the preaching where every went abroad scattered were that they Therefore
prison. to them committed women and men haling and house, every into entering church, the of havock made he Saul, for As
him. over lamentation great made and burial, his to Stephen carried men devout And
apostles. the except Samaria, and Judaea of regions the throughout abroad scattered all were they and Jerusalem; at was which church the against persecution great a was there time that at And death. his unto consenting was Saul And
asleep. fell he this, said had he when And charge. their to sin this not lay Lord, voice, loud a with cried and down, kneeled he And
spirit. my receive Jesus, Lord saying, and God, upon calling Stephen, stoned they And
Saul. was name whose feet, man's young a at clothes their down laid witnesses the and him: stoned and city, the of out him cast And
accord, one with him upon ran and ears, their stopped and voice, loud a with out cried they Then
God. of hand right the on standing man of Son the and opened, heavens the see I Behold, said, And
God, of hand right the on standing Jesus and God, of glory the saw and heaven, into stedfastly up looked Ghost, Holy the of full being he, But
teeth. their with him on gnashed they and heart, the to cut were they things, these heard they When
it. kept not have and angels, of disposition the by law the received have Who
murderers: and betrayers the now been have ye whom of One; Just the of coming the of before shewed which them slain have they and persecuted? fathers your not have prophets the of Which
ye. do so did, fathers your as Ghost: Holy the resist always do ye ears, and heart in uncircumcised and stiffnecked Ye
things? these all made hand my not Hath
rest? my of place the is what or Lord: the saith me? build ye will house what footstool: my is earth and throne, my is Heaven
prophet, the saith as hands; with made temples in not dwelleth High most the Howbeit
house. an him built Solomon But
Jacob. of God the for tabernacle a find to desired and God, before favour found Who
David; of days the unto fathers, our of face the before out drave God whom Gentiles, the of possession the into Jesus with in brought after came that fathers our also Which
seen. had he that fashion the to according it make should he that Moses, unto speaking appointed, had he as wilderness, the in witness of tabernacle the had fathers Our
Babylon. beyond away you carry will I and them: worship to made ye which figures Remphan, god your of star the and Moloch, of tabernacle the up took ye Yea,
wilderness? the in years forty of space the by sacrifices and beasts slain me to offered ye have Israel, of house ye O prophets, the of book the in written is it as heaven; of host the worship to up them gave and turned, God Then
hands. own their of works the in rejoiced and idol, the unto sacrifice offered and days, those in calf a made they And
him. of become is what not wot we Egypt, of land the of out us brought which Moses, this for as for us: before go to gods us Make Aaron, unto Saying
Egypt, into again back turned hearts their in and them, from him thrust but obey, not would fathers our whom To
us: unto give to oracles lively the received who fathers: our with and Sina, mount the in him to spake which angel the with wilderness the in church the in was that he, is This
hear. ye shall him me; unto like brethren, your of you unto up raise God your Lord the shall prophet A Israel, of children the unto said which Moses, that is This
years. forty wilderness the in and sea, Red the in and Egypt, of land the in signs and wonders shewed had he that after out, them brought He
bush. the in him to appeared which angel the of hand the by deliverer a and ruler a be to send God did same the judge? a and ruler a thee made Who saying, refused, they whom Moses This
Egypt. into thee send will I come, now And them. deliver to down come am and groaning, their heard have I and Egypt, in is which people my of affliction the seen have I seen, have I
ground. holy is standest thou where place the for feet: thy from shoes thy off Put him, to Lord the said Then
behold. not durst and trembled, Moses Then Jacob. of God the and Isaac, of God the and Abraham, of God the fathers, thy of God the am I Saying,
him, unto came Lord the of voice the it, behold to near drew he as and sight: the at wondered he it, saw Moses When
bush. a in fire of flame a in Lord the of angel an Sina mount of wilderness the in him to appeared there expired, were years forty when And
sons. two begat he where Madian, of land the in stranger a was and saying, this at Moses fled Then
yesterday? Egyptian the diddest thou as me, kill thou Wilt
us? over judge a and ruler a thee made Who saying, away, him thrust wrong neighbour his did that he But
another? to one wrong ye do why brethren; are ye Sirs, saying, again, one at them set have would and strove, they as them unto himself shewed he day next the And
not. understood they but them: deliver would hand his by God that how understood have would brethren his supposed he For
Egyptian: the smote and oppressed, was that him avenged and him, defended he wrong, suffer them of one seeing And
Israel. of children the brethren his visit to heart his into came it old, years forty full was he when And
deeds. in and words in mighty was and Egyptians, the of wisdom the all in learned was Moses And
son. own her for him nourished and up, him took daughter Pharaoh's out, cast was he when And
months: three house father's his in up nourished and fair, exceeding was and born, was Moses time which In
live. not might they end the to children, young their out cast they that so fathers, our entreated evil and kindred, our with subtilly dealt same The
Joseph. not knew which arose, king another Till
Egypt, in multiplied and grew people the Abraham, to sworn had God which nigh, drew promise the of time the when But
Sychem. of father the Emmor of sons the of money of sum a for bought Abraham that sepulchre the in laid and Sychem, into over carried were And
fathers, our and he, died, and Egypt, into down went Jacob So
souls. fifteen and threescore kindred, his all and him, to Jacob father his called and Joseph, sent Then
Pharaoh. unto known made was kindred Joseph's and brethren; his to known made was Joseph time second the at And
first. fathers our out sent he Egypt, in corn was there that heard Jacob when But
sustenance. no found fathers our and affliction: great and Chanaan, and Egypt of land the all over dearth a came there Now
house. his all and Egypt over governor him made he and Egypt; of king Pharaoh of sight the in wisdom and favour him gave and afflictions, his all of out him delivered And
him, with was God but Egypt: into Joseph sold envy, with moved patriarchs, the And
patriarchs. twelve the begat Jacob and Jacob; begat Isaac and day; eighth the him circumcised and Isaac, begat Abraham so and circumcision: of covenant the him gave he And
place. this in me serve and forth, come they shall that after and God: said judge, I will bondage in be shall they whom to nation the And
years. hundred four evil them entreat and bondage, into them bring should they that and land; strange a in sojourn should seed his That wise, this on spake God And
child. no had he yet as when him, after seed his to and possession, a for him to it give would he that promised he yet on: foot his set to as much so not no, it, in inheritance none him gave he And
dwell. now ye wherein land, this into him removed he dead, was father his when thence, from and Charran: in dwelt and Chaldaeans, the of land the of out he came Then
thee. shew shall I which land the into come and kindred, thy from and country, thy of out thee Get him, unto said And
Charran, in dwelt he before Mesopotamia, in was he when Abraham, father our unto appeared glory of God The hearken; fathers, and brethren, Men, said, he And
so? things these Are priest, high the said Then
angel. an of face the been had it as face his saw him, on stedfastly looking council, the in sat that all And
us. delivered Moses which customs the change shall and place, this destroy shall Nazareth of Jesus this that say, him heard have we For
law: the and place, holy this against words blasphemous speak to not ceaseth man This said, which witnesses, false up set And
council, the to him brought and him, caught and him, upon came and scribes, the and elders, the and people, the up stirred they And
God. against and Moses, against words blasphemous speak him heard have We said, which men, suborned they Then
spake. he which by spirit the and wisdom the resist to able not were they And
Stephen. with disputing Asia, of and Cilicia of them of and Alexandrians, and Cyrenians, and Libertines, the of synagogue the called is which synagogue, the of certain arose there Then
people. the among miracles and wonders great did power, and faith of full Stephen, And
faith. the to obedient were priests the of company great a and greatly; Jerusalem in multiplied disciples the of number the and increased; God of word the And
them. on hands their laid they prayed, had they when and apostles: the before set they Whom
Antioch: of proselyte a Nicolas and Parmenas, and Timon, and Nicanor, and Prochorus, and Philip, and Ghost, Holy the of and faith of full man a Stephen, chose they and multitude: whole the pleased saying the And
word. the of ministry the to and prayer, to continually ourselves give will we But
business. this over appoint may we whom wisdom, and Ghost Holy the of full report, honest of men seven you among out ye look brethren, Wherefore,
tables. serve and God, of word the leave should we that reason not is It said, and them, unto disciples the of multitude the called twelve the Then
ministration. daily the in neglected were widows their because Hebrews, the against Grecians the of murmuring a arose there multiplied, was disciples the of number the when days, those in And
Christ. Jesus preach and teach to not ceased they house, every in and temple, the in daily And
name. his for shame suffer to worthy counted were they that rejoicing council, the of presence the from departed they And
go. them let and Jesus, of name the in speak not should they that commanded they them, beaten and apostles, the called had they when and agreed: they him to And
God. against fight to even found be ye haply lest it; overthrow cannot ye God, of be it if But
nought: to come will it men, of be work this or counsel this if for alone: them let and men, these from Refrain you, unto say I now And
dispersed. were him, obeyed as many as even all, and perished; also he him: after people much away drew and taxing, the of days the in Galilee of Judas up rose man this After
nought. to brought and scattered, were him, obeyed as many as all, and slain; was who themselves: joined hundred, four about men, of number a whom to somebody; be to himself boasting Theudas, up rose days these before For
men. these touching as do to intend ye what yourselves to heed take Israel, of men Ye them, unto said And
space; little a forth apostles the put to commanded and people, the all among reputation in had law, the of doctor a Gamaliel, named Pharisee, a council, the in one up there stood Then
them. slay to counsel took and heart, the to cut were they that, heard they When
him. obey that them to given hath God whom Ghost, Holy the also is so and things; these of witnesses his are we And
sins. of forgiveness and Israel, to repentance give to for Saviour, a and Prince a be to hand right his with exalted God hath Him
tree. a on hanged and slew ye whom Jesus, up raised fathers our of God The
men. than rather God obey to ought We said, and answered apostles other the and Peter Then
us. upon blood man's this bring to intend and doctrine, your with Jerusalem filled have ye behold, and, name? this in teach not should ye that you command straitly we not Did Saying,
them, asked priest high the and council: the before them set they them, brought had they when And
stoned. been have should they lest people, the feared they for violence: without them brought and officers, the with captain the went Then
people. the teaching and temple, the in standing are prison in put ye whom men the Behold, saying, them, told and one came Then
grow. would this whereunto them of doubted they things, these heard priests chief the and temple the of captain the and priest high the when Now
within. man no found we opened, had we when but doors: the before without standing keepers the and safety, all with shut we found truly prison The Saying,
told, and returned they prison, the in not them found and came, officers the when But
brought. them have to prison the to sent and Israel, of children the of senate the all and together, council the called and him, with were that they and came, priest high the But taught. and morning, the in early temple the into entered they that, heard they when And
life. this of words the all people the to temple the in speak and stand Go,
said, and forth, them brought and doors, prison the opened night by Lord the of angel the But
prison. common the in them put and apostles, the on hands their laid And
indignation, with filled were and Sadducees,) the of sect the is (which him, with were that they all and up, rose priest high the Then
one. every healed were they and spirits: unclean with vexed were which them and folks, sick bringing Jerusalem, unto about round cities the of out multitude a also came There
them. of some overshadow might by passing Peter of shadow the least the at that couches, and beds on them laid and streets, the into sick the forth brought they that Insomuch
women.) and men of both multitudes Lord, the to added more the were believers And
them. magnified people the but them: to himself join man no durst rest the of And
porch. Solomon's in accord one with all were they (and people; the among wrought wonders and signs many were apostles the of hands the by And
things. these heard as many as upon and church, the all upon came fear great And
husband. her by her buried forth, her carrying and, dead, her found and in, came men young the and ghost: the up yielded and feet, his at straightway down she fell Then
out. thee carry shall and door, the at are husband thy buried have which them of feet the behold, Lord? the of Spirit the tempt to together agreed have ye that it is How her, unto said Peter Then
much. so for Yea, said, she And much? so for land the sold ye whether me Tell her, unto answered Peter And
in. came done, was what knowing not wife, his when after, hours three of space the about was it And
him. buried and out, him carried and up, him wound arose, men young the And
things. these heard that them all on came fear great and ghost: the up gave and down, fell words these hearing Ananias And
God. unto but men, unto lied not hast thou heart? thine in thing this conceived thou hast why power? own thine in not it was sold, was it after and own? thine not it was remained, it Whiles
land? the of price the of part back keep to and Ghost, Holy the to lie to heart thine filled Satan hath why Ananias, said, Peter But
feet. apostles' the at it laid and part, certain a brought and it, to privy being also wife his price, the of part back kept And
possession, a sold wife, his Sapphira with Ananias, named man certain a But
feet. apostles' the at it laid and money, the brought and it, sold land, Having
Cyprus, of country the of and Levite, a consolation,) of son The interpreted, being is, (which Barnabas, surnamed was apostles the by who Joses, And
need. had he as according man every unto made was distribution and feet: apostles' the at down them laid And
sold, were that things the of prices the brought and them, sold houses or lands of possessors were as many as for lacked: that them among any there was Neither
all. them upon was grace great and Jesus: Lord the of resurrection the of witness apostles the gave power great with And
common. things all had they but own; his was possessed he which things the of ought that them of any said neither soul: one of and heart one of were believed that them of multitude the And
boldness. with God of word the spake they and Ghost, Holy the with filled all were they and together; assembled were they where shaken was place the prayed, had they when And
Jesus. child holy thy of name the by done be may wonders and signs that and heal; to hand thine forth stretching By
word, thy speak may they boldness all with that servants, thy unto grant and threatenings: their behold Lord, now, And
done. be to before determined counsel thy and hand thy whatsoever do to For
together, gathered were Israel, of people the and Gentiles, the with Pilate, Pontius and Herod, both anointed, hast thou whom Jesus, child holy thy against truth a of For
Christ. his against and Lord, the against together gathered were rulers the and up, stood earth the of kings The
things? vain imagine people the and rage, heathen the did Why said, hast David servant thy of mouth the by Who
is: them in that all and sea, the and earth, and heaven, made hast which God, art thou Lord, said, and accord, one with God to voice their up lifted they that, heard they when And
them. unto said had elders and priests chief the that all reported and company, own their to went they go, let being And
shewed. was healing of miracle this whom on old, years forty above was man the For
done. was which that for God glorified men all for people: the of because them, punish might they how nothing finding go, them let they them, threatened further had they when So
heard. and seen have we which things the speak but cannot we For
ye. judge God, unto than more you unto hearken to God of sight the in right be it Whether them, unto said and answered John and Peter But
Jesus. of name the in teach nor all at speak to not them commanded and them, called they And
name. this in man no to henceforth speak they that them, threaten straitly us let people, the among further no spread it that But
it. deny cannot we and Jerusalem; in dwell that them all to manifest is them by done been hath miracle notable a indeed that for men? these to do we shall What Saying,
themselves, among conferred they council, the of out aside go to them commanded had they when But
it. against nothing say could they them, with standing healed was which man the beholding And
Jesus. with been had they that them, of knowledge took they and marvelled; they men, ignorant and unlearned were they that perceived and John, and Peter of boldness the saw they when Now
saved. be must we whereby men, among given heaven under name other none is there for other: any in salvation there is Neither
corner. the of head the become is which builders, you of nought at set was which stone the is This
whole. you before here stand man this doth him by even dead, the from raised God whom crucified, ye whom Nazareth, of Christ Jesus of name the by that Israel, of people the all to and all, you unto known it Be
whole; made is he means what by man, impotent the to done deed good the of examined be day this we If
Israel, of elders and people, the of rulers Ye them, unto said Ghost, Holy the with filled Peter, Then
this? done ye have name, what by or power, what By asked, they midst, the in them set had they when And
Jerusalem. at together gathered were priest, high the of kindred the of were as many as and Alexander, and John, and Caiaphas, and priest, high the Annas And
scribes, and elders, and rulers, their that morrow, the on pass to came it And
thousand. five about was men the of number the and believed; word the heard which them of many Howbeit
eventide. now was it for day: next the unto hold in them put and them, on hands laid they And
dead. the from resurrection the Jesus through preached and people, the taught they that grieved Being
them, upon came Sadducees, the and temple, the of captain the and priests, the people, the unto spake they as And
iniquities. his from you of one every away turning in you, bless to him sent Jesus, Son his up raised having God, first you Unto
blessed. be earth the of kindreds the all shall seed thy in And Abraham, unto saying fathers, our with made God which covenant the of and prophets, the of children the are Ye
days. these of foretold likewise have spoken, have as many as after, follow that those and Samuel from prophets the all and Yea,
people. the among from destroyed be shall prophet, that hear not will which soul, every that pass, to come shall it And
you. unto say shall he whatsoever things all in hear ye shall him me; unto like brethren, your of you unto up raise God your Lord the shall prophet A fathers, the unto said truly Moses For
began. world the since prophets holy his all of mouth the by spoken hath God which things, all of restitution of times the until receive must heaven the Whom
you: unto preached was before which Christ, Jesus send shall he And
Lord. the of presence the from come shall refreshing of times the when out, blotted be may sins your that converted, be and therefore, ye Repent
fulfilled. so hath he suffer, should Christ that prophets, his all of mouth the by shewed had before God which things, those But
rulers. your also did as it, did ye ignorance through that wot I brethren, now, And
all. you of presence the in soundness perfect this him given hath him by is which faith the yea, know: and see ye whom strong, man this made hath name his in faith through name his And
witnesses. are we whereof dead; the from raised hath God whom life, of Prince the killed And
you; unto granted be to murderer a desired and Just, the and One Holy the denied ye But
go. him let to determined was he when Pilate, of presence the in him denied and up, delivered ye whom Jesus; Son his glorified hath fathers, our of God the Jacob, of and Isaac, of and Abraham, of God The
walk? to man this made had we holiness or power own our by though as us, on earnestly so ye look why or this? at ye marvel why Israel, of men Ye people, the unto answered he it, saw Peter when And
wondering. greatly Solomon's, called is that porch the in them unto together ran people the all John, and Peter held healed was which man lame the as And
him. unto happened had which that at amazement and wonder with filled were they and temple: the of gate Beautiful the at alms for sat which he was it that knew they And
God: praising and walking him saw people the all And
God. praising and leaping, and walking, temple, the into them with entered and walked, and stood, up leaping he And
strength. received bones ankle and feet his immediately and up: him lifted and hand, right the by him took he And
walk. and up rise Nazareth of Christ Jesus of name the In thee: I give have I as such but none; I have gold and Silver said, Peter Then
them. of something receive to expecting them, unto heed gave he And
us. on Look said, John, with him upon eyes his fastening Peter, And
alms. an asked temple the into go to about John and Peter seeing Who
temple; the into entered that them of alms ask to Beautiful, called is which temple the of gate the at daily laid they whom carried, was womb mother's his from lame man certain a And
hour. ninth the being prayer, of hour the at temple the into together up went John and Peter Now
saved. be should as such daily church the to added Lord the And people. the all with favour having and God, Praising
heart, of singleness and gladness with meat their eat did house, to house from bread breaking and temple, the in accord one with daily continuing they, And
need. had man every as men, all to them parted and goods, and possessions their sold And
common; things all had and together, were believed that all And
apostles. the by done were signs and wonders many and soul: every upon came fear And
prayers. in and bread, of breaking in and fellowship, and doctrine apostles' the in stedfastly continued they And
souls. thousand three about them unto added were there day same the and baptized: were word his received gladly that they Then
generation. untoward this from yourselves Save saying, exhort, and testify he did words other many with And
call. shall God our Lord the as many as even off, afar are that all to and children, your to and you, unto is promise the For
Ghost. Holy the of gift the receive shall ye and sins, of remission the for Christ Jesus of name the in you of one every baptized be and Repent, them, unto said Peter Then
do? we shall what brethren, and Men apostles, the of rest the to and Peter unto said and heart, their in pricked were they this, heard they when Now
Christ. and Lord both crucified, have ye whom Jesus, same the made hath God that assuredly, know Israel of house the all let Therefore
footstool. thy foes thy make I Until
hand, right my on thou Sit Lord, my unto said Lord The himself, saith he but heavens: the into ascended not is David For
hear. and see now ye which this, forth shed hath he Ghost, Holy the of promise the Father the of received having and exalted, God of hand right the by being Therefore
witnesses. are all we whereof up, raised God hath Jesus This
corruption. see did flesh his neither hell, in left not was soul his that Christ, of resurrection the of spake before this seeing He
throne; his on sit to Christ up raise would he flesh, the to according loins, his of fruit the of that him, to oath an with sworn had God that knowing and prophet, a being Therefore
day. this unto us with is sepulchre his and buried, and dead both is he that David, patriarch the of you unto speak freely me let brethren, and Men
countenance. thy with joy of full me make shalt thou life; of ways the me to known made hast Thou
corruption. see to One Holy thine suffer thou wilt neither hell, in soul my leave not wilt thou Because
hope: in rest shall flesh my also moreover glad; was tongue my and rejoice, heart my did Therefore
moved: be not should I that hand, right my on is he for face, my before always Lord the foresaw I him, concerning speaketh David For
it. of holden be should he that possible not was it because death: of pains the loosed having up, raised hath God Whom
slain: and crucified have hands wicked by and taken, have ye God, of foreknowledge and counsel determinate the by delivered being Him,
know: also yourselves ye as you, of midst the in him by did God which signs, and wonders and miracles by you among God of approved man a Nazareth, of Jesus words; these hear Israel, of men Ye
saved. be shall Lord the of name the on call shall whosoever that pass, to come shall it And
come: Lord the of day notable and great the before blood, into moon the and darkness, into turned be shall sun The
smoke: of vapour and fire, and blood, beneath; earth the in signs and above, heaven in wonders shew will I And
prophesy: shall they and Spirit; my of days those in out pour will I handmaidens my on and servants my on And
dreams: dream shall men old your and visions, see shall men young your and prophesy, shall daughters your and sons your and flesh: all upon Spirit my of out pour will I God, saith days, last the in pass to come shall it And
Joel; prophet the by spoken was which that is this But
day. the of hour third the but is it seeing suppose, ye as drunken, not are these For
words: my to hearken and you, unto known this be Jerusalem, at dwell that ye all and Judaea, of men Ye them, unto said and voice, his up lifted eleven, the with up standing Peter, But
wine. new of full are men These said, mocking Others
this? meaneth What another, to one saying doubt, in were and amazed, all were they And
God. of works wonderful the tongues our in speak them hear do we Arabians, and Cretes
proselytes, and Jews Rome, of strangers and Cyrene, about Libya of parts the in and Egypt, in Pamphylia, and Phrygia,
Asia, and Pontus, in Cappadocia, and Judaea, in and Mesopotamia, in dwellers the and Elamites, and Medes, and Parthians,
born? were we wherein tongue, own our in man every we hear how And
Galilaeans? speak which these all not are Behold, another, to one saying marvelled, and amazed all were they And
language. own his in speak them heard man every that because confounded, were and together, came multitude the abroad, noised was this when Now
heaven. under nation every of out men, devout Jews, Jerusalem at dwelling were there And
utterance. them gave Spirit the as tongues, other with speak to began and Ghost, Holy the with filled all were they And
them. of each upon sat it and fire, of as like tongues cloven them unto appeared there And
sitting. were they where house the all filled it and wind, mighty rushing a of as heaven from sound a came there suddenly And
place. one in accord one with all were they come, fully was Pentecost of day the when And
apostles. eleven the with numbered was he and Matthias; upon fell lot the and lots; their forth gave they And
place. own his to go might he that fell, transgression by Judas which from apostleship, and ministry this of part take may he That
chosen, hast thou two these of whether shew men, all of hearts the knowest which Lord, Thou, said, and prayed, they And
Matthias. and Justus, surnamed was who Barsabas, called Joseph two, appointed they And
resurrection. his of us with witness a be to ordained be one must us, from up taken was he that day same that unto John, of baptism the from Beginning
us, among out and in went Jesus Lord the that time the all us with companied have which men these of Wherefore
take. another let bishoprick his and therein: dwell man no let and desolate, be habitation his Let Psalms, of book the in written is it For
blood. of field The say, to is that Aceldama, tongue, proper their in called is field that as insomuch Jerusalem; at dwellers the all unto known was it And
out. gushed bowels his all and midst, the in asunder burst he headlong, falling and iniquity; of reward the with field a purchased man this Now
ministry. this of part obtained had and us, with numbered was he For
Jesus. took that them to guide was which Judas, concerning before spake David of mouth the by Ghost Holy the which fulfilled, been have needs must scripture this brethren, and Men
twenty,) and hundred an about were together names of number (the said, and disciples, the of midst the in up stood Peter days those in And
brethren. his with and Jesus, of mother the Mary and women, the with supplication, and prayer in accord one with continued all These
James. of brother the Judas and Zelotes, Simon and Alphaeus, of son the James Matthew, and Bartholomew, Thomas, and Philip, Andrew, and John, and James, and Peter, both abode where room, upper an into up went they in, come were they when And
journey. day's sabbath a Jerusalem from is which Olivet, called mount the from Jerusalem unto they returned Then
heaven. into go him seen have ye as manner like in come so shall heaven, into you from up taken is which Jesus, same this heaven? into up gazing ye stand why Galilee, of men Ye said, also Which
apparel; white in them by stood men two behold, up, went he as heaven toward stedfastly looked they while And
sight. their of out him received cloud a and up; taken was he beheld, they while things, these spoken had he when And
earth. the of part uttermost the unto and Samaria, in and Judaea, all in and Jerusalem, in both me unto witnesses be shall ye and you: upon come is Ghost Holy the that after power, receive shall ye But
power. own his in put hath Father the which seasons, the or times the know to you for not is It them, unto said he And
Israel? to kingdom the again restore time this at thou wilt Lord, saying, him, of asked they together, come were therefore they When
hence. days many not Ghost Holy the with baptized be shall ye but water; with baptized truly John For
me. of heard have ye he, saith which, Father, the of promise the for wait but Jerusalem, from depart not should they that them commanded them, with together assembled being And,
God: of kingdom the to pertaining things the of speaking and days, forty them of seen being proofs, infallible many by passion his after alive himself shewed he also whom To
chosen: had he whom apostles the unto commandments given had Ghost Holy the through he that after up, taken was he which in day the Until
teach, and do to both began Jesus that all of Theophilus, O made, I have treatise former The
Acts
Amen. written. be should that books the contain not could itself world the even that suppose I one, every written be should they if which, the did, Jesus which things other many also are there And
true. is testimony his that know we and things: these wrote and things, these of testifieth which disciple the is This
thee? to that is what come, I till tarry he that will I If but, die; not shall He him, unto not said Jesus yet die: not should disciple that that brethren, the among abroad saying this went Then
me. thou follow thee? to that is what come, I till tarry he that will I If him, unto saith Jesus
do? man this shall what and Lord, Jesus, to saith him seeing Peter
thee? betrayeth that he is which Lord, said, and supper, at breast his on leaned also which following; loved Jesus whom disciple the seeth about, turning Peter, Then
me. Follow him, unto saith he this, spoken had he when And God. glorify should he death what by signifying he, spake This
not. wouldest thou whither thee carry and thee, gird shall another and hands, thy forth stretch shalt thou old, be shalt thou when but wouldest: thou whither walkedst and thyself, girdest thou young, wast thou When thee, unto say I verily, Verily,
sheep. my Feed him, unto saith Jesus thee. love I that knowest thou things; all knowest thou Lord, him, unto said he And me? thou Lovest time, third the him unto said he because grieved was Peter me? thou lovest Jonas, of son Simon, time, third the him unto saith He
sheep. my Feed him, unto saith He thee. love I that knowest thou Lord; Yea, him, unto saith He me? thou lovest Jonas, of son Simon, time, second the again him to saith He
lambs. my Feed him, unto saith He thee. love I that knowest thou Lord; Yea, him, unto saith He these? than more me thou lovest Jonas, of son Simon, Peter, Simon to saith Jesus dined, had they when So
dead. the from risen was he that after disciples, his to himself shewed Jesus that time third the now is This
likewise. fish and them, giveth and bread, taketh and cometh, then Jesus
Lord. the was it that knowing thou? art Who him, ask durst disciples the of none And dine. and Come them, unto saith Jesus
broken. net the not was yet many, so were there all for and three: and fifty and hundred an fishes, great of full land to net the drew and up, went Peter Simon
caught. now have ye which fish the of Bring them, unto saith Jesus
bread. and thereon, laid fish and there, coals of fire a saw they land, to come were they as then soon As
fishes. with net the dragging cubits,) hundred two were it as but land, from far not were they (for ship; little a in came disciples other the And
sea. the into himself cast did and naked,) was he (for him, unto coat fisher's his girt he Lord, the was it that heard Peter Simon when Now Lord. the is It Peter, unto saith loved Jesus whom disciple that Therefore
fishes. of multitude the for it draw to able not were they now and therefore, cast They find. shall ye and ship, the of side right the on net the Cast them, unto said he And
No. him, answered They meat? any ye have Children, them, unto saith Jesus Then
Jesus. was it that not knew disciples the but shore: the on stood Jesus come, now was morning the when But
nothing. caught they night that and immediately; ship a into entered and forth, went They thee. with go also We him, unto say They fishing. a go I them, unto saith Peter Simon
disciples. his of other two and Zebedee, of sons the and Galilee, in Cana of Nathanael and Didymus, called Thomas and Peter, Simon together were There
himself. he shewed wise this on and Tiberias; of sea the at disciples the to again himself shewed Jesus things these After
name. his through life have might ye believing that and God; of Son the Christ, the is Jesus that believe might ye that written, are these But
book: this in written not are which disciples, his of presence the in Jesus did truly signs other many And
believed. have yet and seen, not have that they are blessed believed: hast thou me, seen hast thou because Thomas, him, unto saith Jesus
God. my and Lord My him, unto said and answered Thomas And
believing. but faithless, not be and side: my into it thrust and hand, thy hither reach and hands; my behold and finger, thy hither Reach Thomas, to he saith Then
you. unto be Peace said, and midst, the in stood and shut, being doors the Jesus, came then them: with Thomas and within, were disciples his again days eight after And
believe. not will I side, his into hand my thrust and nails, the of print the into finger my put and nails, the of print the hands his in see shall I Except them, unto said he But . Lord the seen have We him, unto said therefore disciples other The
came. Jesus when them with not was Didymus, called twelve, the of one Thomas, But
retained. are they retain, ye sins soever whose and them; unto remitted are they remit, ye sins soever Whose
Ghost: Holy the ye Receive them, unto saith and them, on breathed he this, said had he when And
you. I send so even me, sent hath Father my as you: unto be Peace again, them to Jesus said Then
. Lord the saw they when glad, disciples the were Then side. his and hands his them unto shewed he said, so had he when And
you. unto be Peace them, unto saith and midst, the in stood and Jesus came Jews, the of fear for assembled were disciples the where shut were doors the when week, the of day first the being evening, at day same the Then
her. unto things these spoken had he that and , Lord the seen had she that disciples the told and came Magdalene Mary
God. your and God, my to and Father; your and Father, my unto ascend I them, unto say and brethren, my to go but Father: my to ascended yet not am I for not; me Touch her, unto saith Jesus
Master. say, to is which Rabboni; him, unto saith and herself, turned She Mary. her, unto saith Jesus
away. him take will I and him, laid hast thou where me tell hence, him borne have thou if Sir, him, unto saith gardener, the be to him supposing She, thou? seekest whom thou? weepest why Woman, her, unto saith Jesus
Jesus. was it that not knew and standing, Jesus saw and back, herself turned she said, thus had she when And
him. laid have they where not know I and , Lord my away taken have they Because them, unto saith She thou? weepest why Woman, her, unto say they And
lain. had Jesus of body the where feet, the at other the and head, the at one the sitting, white in angels two seeth And
sepulchre, the into looked and down, stooped she wept, she as and weeping: sepulchre the at without stood Mary But
home. own their unto again away went disciples the Then
dead. the from again rise must he that scripture, the not knew they yet as For
believed. and saw, he and sepulchre, the to first came which disciple, other that also in went Then
itself. by place a in together wrapped but clothes, linen the with lying not head, his about was that napkin, the And
lie, clothes linen the seeth and sepulchre, the into went and him, following Peter Simon cometh Then
in. not he went yet lying; clothes linen the saw in, looking and down, stooping he And
sepulchre. the to first came and Peter, outrun did disciple other the and together: both ran they So
sepulchre. the to came and disciple, other that and forth, went therefore Peter
him. laid have they where not know we and sepulchre, the of out Lord the away taken have They them, unto saith and loved, Jesus whom disciple, other the to and Peter, Simon to cometh and runneth, she Then
sepulchre. the from away taken stone the seeth and sepulchre, the unto dark, yet was it when early, Magdalene Mary cometh week the of day first The
hand. at nigh was sepulchre the for day; preparation Jews' the of because therefore Jesus they laid There
laid. yet man never was wherein sepulchre, new a garden the in and garden; a was there crucified was he where place the in Now
bury. to is Jews the of manner the as spices, the with clothes linen in it wound and Jesus, of body the they took Then
weight. pound hundred an about aloes, and myrrh of mixture a brought and night, by Jesus to came first the at which Nicodemus, also came there And
Jesus. of body the took and therefore, came He leave. him gave Pilate and Jesus: of body the away take might he that Pilate besought Jews, the of fear for secretly but Jesus, of disciple a being Arimathaea, of Joseph this after And
pierced. they whom him on look shall They saith, scripture another again And
broken. be not shall him of bone A fulfilled, be should scripture the that done, were things these For
believe. might ye that true, saith he that knoweth he and true: is record his and record, bare it saw that he And
water. and blood out there came forthwith and side, his pierced spear a with soldiers the of one But
legs: his not brake they already, dead was he that saw and Jesus, to came they when But
him. with crucified was which other the of and first, the of legs the brake and soldiers, the came Then
away. taken be might they that and broken, be might legs their that Pilate besought day,) high an was day sabbath that (for day, sabbath the on cross the upon remain not should bodies the that preparation, the was it because therefore, Jews The
ghost. the up gave and head, his bowed he and finished: is It said, he vinegar, the received had therefore Jesus When
mouth. his to it put and hyssop, upon it put and vinegar, with spunge a filled they and vinegar: of full vessel a set was there Now
thirst. I saith, fulfilled, be might scripture the that accomplished, now were things all that knowing Jesus this, After
home. own his unto her took disciple that hour that from And mother! thy Behold disciple, the to he saith Then
son! thy behold Woman, mother, his unto saith he loved, he whom by, standing disciple the and mother, his saw therefore Jesus When
Magdalene. Mary and Cleophas, of wife the Mary sister, mother's his and mother, his Jesus of cross the by stood there Now
did. soldiers the therefore things These lots. cast did they vesture my for and them, among raiment my parted They saith, which fulfilled, be might scripture the that be: shall it whose it, for lots cast but it, rend not us Let themselves, among therefore said They
throughout. top the from woven seam, without was coat the now coat: his also and part; a soldier every to parts, four made and garments, his took Jesus, crucified had they when soldiers, the Then
written. have I written have I What answered, Pilate
Jews. the of King am I said, he that but Jews; the of King The not, Write Pilate, to Jews the of priests chief the said Then
Latin. and Greek, and Hebrew, in written was it and city: the to nigh was crucified was Jesus where place the for Jews: the of many read then title This
. Jews The Of King The Nazareth Of Jesus was writing the And cross. the on it put and title, a wrote Pilate And
midst. the in Jesus and one, side either on him, with other two and him, crucified they Where
Golgotha: Hebrew the in called is which skull, a of place the called place a into forth went cross his bearing he And
away. him led and Jesus, took they And crucified. be to them unto therefore him he delivered Then
Caesar. but king no have We answered, priests chief The King? your crucify I Shall them, unto saith Pilate him. crucify him, with away him, with Away out, cried they But
King! your Behold Jews, the unto saith he and hour: sixth the about and passover, the of preparation the was it And
Gabbatha. Hebrew, the in but Pavement, the called is that place a in seat judgment the in down sat and forth, Jesus brought he saying, that heard therefore Pilate When
Caesar. against speaketh king a himself maketh whosoever friend: Caesar's not art thou go, man this let thou If saying, out, cried Jews the but him: release to sought Pilate thenceforth from And
sin. greater the hath thee unto me delivered that he therefore above: from thee given were it except me, against all at power no have couldest Thou answered, Jesus
thee? release to power have and thee, crucify to power have I that not thou knowest me? unto not thou Speakest him, unto Pilate saith Then
answer. no him gave Jesus But thou? art Whence Jesus, unto saith and hall, judgment the into again went And
afraid; more the was he saying, that heard therefore Pilate When
God. of Son the himself made he because die, to ought he law our by and law, a have We him, answered Jews The
him. in fault no find I for him: crucify and him, ye Take them, unto saith Pilate him. crucify him, Crucify saying, out, cried they him, saw officers and therefore priests chief the When
man! the Behold them, unto saith Pilate And robe. purple the and thorns, of crown the wearing forth, Jesus came Then
him. in fault no find I that know may ye that you, to forth him bring I Behold, them, unto saith and again, forth went therefore Pilate
hands. their with him smote they and Jews! the of King Hail, said, And
robe, purple a him on put they and head, his on it put and thorns, of crown a platted soldiers the And
him. scourged and Jesus, took therefore Pilate Then
robber. a was Barabbas Now Barabbas. but man, this Not saying, again, all they cried Then
Jews? the of King the you unto release I that therefore ye will passover: the at one you unto release should I that custom, a have ye But
all. at fault no him in find I them, unto saith and Jews, the unto again out went he this, said had he when And truth? is What him, unto saith Pilate
voice. my heareth truth the of is that one Every truth. the unto witness bear should I that world, the into I came cause this for and born, I was end this To king. a am I that sayest Thou answered, Jesus then? king a thou Art him, unto said therefore Pilate
hence. from not kingdom my is now but Jews: the to delivered be not should I that fight, servants my would then world, this of were kingdom my if world: this of not is kingdom My answered, Jesus
done? thou hast what me: unto thee delivered have priests chief the and nation own Thine Jew? a I Am answered, Pilate
me? of thee it tell others did or thyself, of thing this thou Sayest him, answered Jesus
Jews? the of King the thou Art him, unto said and Jesus, called and again, hall judgment the into entered Pilate Then
die. should he death what signifying spake, he which fulfilled, be might Jesus of saying the That
death: to man any put to us for lawful not is It him, unto said therefore Jews The law. your to according him judge and him, ye Take them, unto Pilate said Then
thee. unto up him delivered have not would we malefactor, a not were he If him, unto said and answered They
man? this against ye bring accusation What said, and them, unto out went then Pilate
passover. the eat might they that but defiled; be should they lest hall, judgment the into not went themselves they and early; was it and judgment: of hall the unto Caiaphas from Jesus they led Then
crew. cock the immediately and again: denied then Peter
him? with garden the in thee see I not Did saith, off, cut Peter ear whose kinsman his being priest, high the of servants the of One
not. am I said, and it, denied He disciples? his of one also thou not Art him, unto therefore said They himself. warmed and stood Peter Simon And
priest. high the Caiaphas unto bound him sent had Annas Now
me? thou smitest why well, if but evil: the of witness bear evil, spoken have I If him, answered Jesus
so? priest high the thou Answerest saying, hand, his of palm the with Jesus struck by stood which officers the of one spoken, thus had he when And
said. I what know they behold, them: unto said have I what me, heard which them ask me? thou askest Why
nothing. said I have secret in and resort; always Jews the whither temple, the in and synagogue, the in taught ever I world; the to openly spake I him, answered Jesus
doctrine. his of and disciples, his of Jesus asked then priest high The
himself. warmed and them, with stood Peter and themselves: warmed they and cold: was it for coals; of fire a made had who there, stood officers and servants the And
not. am I saith, He disciples? man's this of one also thou not Art Peter, unto door the kept that damsel the saith Then
Peter. in brought and door, the kept that her unto spake and priest, high the unto known was which disciple, other that out went Then without. door the at stood Peter But
priest. high the of palace the into Jesus with in went and priest, high the unto known was disciple that disciple: another did so and Jesus, followed Peter Simon And
people. the for die should man one that expedient was it that Jews, the to counsel gave which he, was Caiaphas Now
year. same that priest high the was which Caiaphas, to law in father was he for first; Annas to away him led And
him, bound and Jesus, took Jews the of officers and captain the and band the Then
it? drink not I shall me, given hath Father my which cup the sheath: the into sword thy up Put Peter, unto Jesus said Then
Malchus. was name servant's The ear. right his off cut and servant, priest's high the smote and it, drew sword a having Peter Simon Then
none. lost I have me gavest thou which them Of spake, he which fulfilled, be might saying the That
way: their go these let me, seek ye therefore if he: am I that you told have I answered, Jesus
Nazareth. of Jesus said, they And ye? seek Whom again, them he asked Then
ground. the to fell and backward, went they he, am I them, unto said had he as then soon As
them. with stood him, betrayed which also, Judas And he. am I them, unto saith Jesus Nazareth. of Jesus him, answered They
ye? seek Whom them, unto said and forth, went him, upon come should that things all knowing therefore, Jesus
weapons. and torches and lanterns with thither cometh Pharisees, and priests chief the from officers and men of band a received having then, Judas
disciples. his with thither resorted ofttimes Jesus for place: the knew him, betrayed which also, Judas And
disciples. his and entered, he which the into garden, a was where Cedron, brook the over disciples his with forth went he words, these spoken had Jesus When
them. in I and them, in be may me loved hast thou wherewith love the that it: declare will and name, thy them unto declared have I And
me. sent hast thou that known have these and thee, known have I but thee: known not hath world the Father, righteous O
world. the of foundation the before me lovedst thou for me: given hast thou which glory, my behold may they that am; I where me with be me, given hast thou whom also, they that will I Father,
me. loved hast thou as them, loved hast and me, sent hast thou that know may world the that and one; in perfect made be may they that me, in thou and them, in I
one: are we as even one, be may they that them; given have I me gavest thou which glory the And
me. sent hast thou that believe may world the that us: in one be may also they that thee, in I and me, in art Father, thou, as one; be may all they That
word; their through me on believe shall which also them for but alone, these for I pray Neither
truth. the through sanctified be might also they that myself, sanctify I sakes their for And
world. the into them sent also I have so even world, the into me sent hast thou As
truth. is word thy truth: thy through them Sanctify
world. the of not am I as even world, the of not are They
evil. the from them keep shouldest thou that but world, the of out them take shouldest thou that not pray I
world. the of not am I as even world, the of not are they because them, hated hath world the and word; thy them given have I
themselves. in fulfilled joy my have might they that world, the in speak I things these and thee; to I come now And
fulfilled. be might scripture the that perdition; of son the but lost, is them of none and kept, have I me gavest thou that those name: thy in them kept I world, the in them with was I While
are. we as one, be may they that me, given hast thou whom those name own thine through keep Father, Holy thee. to come I and world, the in are these but world, the in more no am I now And
them. in glorified am I and mine; are thine and thine, are mine all And
thine. are they for me; given hast thou which them for but world, the for not pray I them: for pray I
me. send didst thou that believed have they and thee, from out came I that surely known have and them, received have they and me; gavest thou which words the them unto given have I For
thee. of are me given hast thou whatsoever things all that known have they Now
word. thy kept have they and me; them gavest thou and were, they thine world: the of out me gavest thou which men the unto name thy manifested have I
was. world the before thee with had I which glory the with self own thine with me thou glorify Father, O now, And
do. to me gavest thou which work the finished have I earth: the on thee glorified have I
sent. hast thou whom Christ, Jesus and God, true only the thee know might they that eternal, life is this And
him. given hast thou as many as to life eternal give should he that flesh, all over power him given hast thou As
thee: glorify may also Son thy that Son, thy glorify come; is hour the Father, said, and heaven, to eyes his up lifted and Jesus, spake words These
world. the overcome have I cheer; good of be but tribulation: have shall ye world the In peace. have might ye me in that you, unto spoken have I things These
me. with is Father the because alone, not am I yet and alone: me leave shall and own, his to man every scattered, be shall ye that come, now is yea, cometh, hour the Behold,
believe? now ye Do them, answered Jesus
God. from forth camest thou that believe we this by thee: ask should man any that not needest and things, all knowest thou that sure we are Now
proverb. no speakest and plainly, thou speakest now Lo, him, unto said disciples His
Father. the to go and world, the leave I again, world: the into come am and Father, the from forth came I
God. from out came I that believed have and me, loved have ye because you, loveth himself Father the For
you: for Father the pray will I that you, unto not say I and name: my in ask shall ye day that At
Father. the of plainly you shew shall I but proverbs, in you unto speak more no shall I when cometh, time the but proverbs: in you unto spoken I have things These
full. be may joy your that receive, shall ye and ask, name: my in nothing asked ye have Hitherto
you. it give will he name, my in Father the ask shall ye Whatsoever you, unto say I verily, Verily, nothing. me ask shall ye day that in And
you. from taketh man no joy your and rejoice, shall heart your and again, you see will I but sorrow: have therefore now ye And
world. the into born is man a that joy for anguish, the more no remembereth she child, the of delivered is she as soon as but come: is hour her because sorrow, hath travail in is she when woman A
joy. into turned be shall sorrow your but sorrowful, be shall ye and rejoice: shall world the but lament, and weep shall ye That you, unto say I verily, Verily,
me? see shall ye and while, little a again, and me: see not shall ye and while, little A said, I that of yourselves among enquire ye Do them, unto said and him, ask to desirous were they that knew Jesus Now
saith. he what tell cannot we while? little A saith, he that this is What therefore, said They
Father? the to go I Because and, me: see shall ye and while, little a again, and me: see not shall ye and while, little A us, unto saith he that this is What themselves, among disciples his of some said Then
Father. the to go I because me, see shall ye and while, little a again, and me: see not shall ye and while, little A
you. unto it shew shall and mine, of take shall he that I, said therefore mine: are hath Father the that things All
you. unto it shew shall and mine, of receive shall he for me: glorify shall He
come. to things you shew will he and speak: he shall that hear, shall he whatsoever but himself; of speak not shall he for truth: all into you guide will he come, is truth, of Spirit the he, when Howbeit
now. them bear cannot ye but you, unto say to things many yet have I
judged. is world this of prince the because judgment, Of
more; no me see ye and Father, my to go I because righteousness, Of
me; on not believe they because sin, Of
judgment: of and righteousness, of and sin, of world the reprove will he come, is he when And
you. unto him send will I depart, I if but you; unto come not will Comforter the away, not go I if for away: go I that you for expedient is It truth; the you tell I Nevertheless
heart. your filled hath sorrow you, unto things these said have I because But
thou? goest Whither me, asketh you of none and me; sent that him to way my go I now But
you. with was I because beginning, the at you unto not said I things these And them. of you told I that remember may ye come, shall time the when that you, told I have things these But
me. nor Father, the known not have they because you, unto do they will things these And
service. God doeth he that think will you killeth whosoever that cometh, time the yea, synagogues: the of out you put shall They
offended. be not should ye that you, unto spoken I have things These
beginning. the from me with been have ye because witness, bear shall also ye And
me: of testify shall he Father, the from proceedeth which truth, of Spirit the even Father, the from you unto send will I whom come, is Comforter the when But
cause. a without me hated They law, their in written is that fulfilled be might word the that pass, to cometh this But
Father. my and me both hated and seen both they have now but sin: had not had they did, man other none which works the them among done not had I If
also. Father my hateth me hateth that He
sin. their for cloak no have they now but sin: had not had they them, unto spoken and come not had I If
me. sent that him not know they because sake, name's my for you unto do they will things these all But
also. yours keep will they saying, my kept have they if you; persecute also will they me, persecuted have they If lord. his than greater not is servant The you, unto said I that word the Remember
you. hateth world the therefore world, the of out you chosen have I but world, the of not are ye because but own: his love would world the world, the of were ye If
you. hated it before me hated it that know ye you, hate world the If
another. one love ye that you, command I things These
you. it give may he name, my in Father the of ask shall ye whatsoever that remain: should fruit your that and fruit, forth bring and go should ye that you, ordained and you, chosen have I but me, chosen not have Ye
you. unto known made have I Father my of heard have I that things all for friends; you called have I but doeth: lord his what not knoweth servant the for servants; not you call I Henceforth
you. command I whatsoever do ye if friends, my are Ye
friends. his for life his down lay man a that this, than man no hath love Greater
you. loved have I as another, one love ye That commandment, my is This
full. be might joy your that and you, in remain might joy my that you, unto spoken I have things These
love. his in abide and commandments, Father's my kept have I as even love; my in abide shall ye commandments, my keep ye If
love. my in ye continue you: loved I have so me, loved hath Father the As
disciples. my be ye shall so fruit; much bear ye that glorified, Father my is Herein
you. unto done be shall it and will, ye what ask shall ye you, in abide words my and me, in abide ye If
burned. are they and fire, the into them cast and them, gather men and withered; is and branch, a as forth cast is he me, in not abide man a If
nothing. do can ye me without for fruit: much forth bringeth same the him, in I and me, in abideth that He branches: the are ye vine, the am I
me. in abide ye except ye, can more no vine; the in abide it except itself, of fruit bear cannot branch the As you. in I and me, in Abide
you. unto spoken have I which word the through clean are ye Now
fruit. more forth bring may it that it, purgeth he fruit, beareth that branch every and away: taketh he fruit not beareth that me in branch Every
husbandman. the is Father my and vine, true the am I
hence. go us let Arise, do. I so even commandment, me gave Father the as and Father; the love I that know may world the that But
me. in nothing hath and cometh, world this of prince the for you: with much talk not will I Hereafter
believe. might ye pass, to come is it when that, pass, to come it before you told have I now And
I. than greater is Father my for Father: the unto go I said, I because rejoice, would ye me, loved ye If you. unto again come and away, go I you, unto said I how heard have Ye
afraid. be it let neither troubled, be heart your not Let you. unto I give giveth, world the as not you: unto give I peace my you, with leave I Peace
you. unto said have I whatsoever remembrance, your to things all bring and things, all you teach shall he name, my in send will Father the whom Ghost, Holy the is which Comforter, the But
you. with present yet being you, unto spoken I have things These
me. sent which Father's the but mine, not is hear ye which word the and sayings: my not keepeth not me loveth that He
him. with abode our make and him, unto come will we and him, love will Father my and words: my keep will he me, love man a If him, unto said and answered Jesus
world? the unto not and us, unto thyself manifest wilt thou that it is how Lord, Iscariot, not him, unto saith Judas
him. to myself manifest will and him, love will I and Father, my of loved be shall me loveth that he and me: loveth that is it he them, keepeth and commandments, my hath that He
you. in I and me, in ye and Father, my in am I that know shall ye day that At
also. live shall ye live, I because me: see ye but more; no me seeth world the and while, little a Yet
you. to come will I comfortless: you leave not will I
you. in be shall and you, with dwelleth he for him; know ye but him: knoweth neither not, him seeth it because receive, cannot world the whom truth; of Spirit the Even
ever; for you with abide may he that Comforter, another you give shall he and Father, the pray will I And
commandments. my keep me, love ye If
it. do will I name, my in thing any ask shall ye If
Son. the in glorified be may Father the that do, I will that name, my in ask shall ye whatsoever And
Father. my unto go I because do; he shall these than works greater and also; do he shall do I that works the me, on believeth that He you, unto say I verily, Verily,
sake. works' very the for me believe else or me: in Father the and Father, the in am I that me Believe
works. the doeth he me, in dwelleth that Father the but myself: of not speak I you unto speak I that words the me? in Father the and Father, the in am I that not thou Believest
Father? the us Show then, thou sayest how and Father; the seen hath me seen hath that he Philip? me, known not thou hast yet and you, with time long so been I Have him, unto saith Jesus
us. sufficeth it and Father, the us show Lord, him, unto saith Philip
him. seen have and him, know ye henceforth from and also: Father my known have should ye me, known had ye If
me. by but Father, the unto cometh man no life: the and truth, the way, the am I him, unto saith Jesus
way? the know we can how and goest; thou whither not know we Lord, him, unto saith Thomas
know. ye way the and know, ye go I whither And
also. be may ye there am, I where that myself; unto you receive and again, come will I you, for place a prepare and go I if And
you. for place a prepare to go I you. told have would I so, not were it if mansions: many are house Father's my In
me. in also believe God, in believe ye troubled: be heart your not Let
thrice. me denied hast thou till crow, not shall cock The thee, unto say I verily, Verily, sake? my for life thy down lay thou Wilt him, answered Jesus
sake. thy for life my down lay will I now? thee follow I cannot why Lord, him, unto said Peter
afterwards. me follow shalt thou but now; me follow not canst thou go, I Whither him, answered Jesus thou? goest whither Lord, him, unto said Peter Simon
another. to one love have ye if disciples, my are ye that know men all shall this By
another. one love also ye that you, loved have I as another; one love ye That you, unto give I commandment new A
you. to say I now so come; cannot ye go, I Whither Jews, the unto said I as and me: seek shall Ye you. with am I while little a yet children, Little
him. glorify straightway shall and himself, in him glorify also shall God him, in glorified be God If
him. in glorified is God and glorified, man of Son the is Now said, Jesus out, gone was he when Therefore,
night. was it and out: immediately went sop the received having then He
poor. the to something give should he that or, feast; the against of need have we that things those Buy him, unto said had Jesus that bag, the had Judas because thought, them of some For
him. unto this spake he intent what for knew table the at man no Now
quickly. do doest, thou That him, unto Jesus said Then him. into entered Satan sop the after And
Simon. of son the Iscariot, Judas to it gave he sop, the dipped had he when And it. dipped have I when sop, a give shall I whom to is, it He answered, Jesus
it? is who Lord, him, unto saith breast Jesus' on lying then He
spake. he whom of be should it who ask should he that him, to beckoned therefore Peter Simon
loved. Jesus whom disciples, his of one bosom Jesus' on leaning was there Now
spake. he whom of doubting another, on one looked disciples the Then
me. betray shall you of one that you, unto say I verily, Verily, said, and testified, and spirit, in troubled was he said, thus had Jesus When
me. sent that him receiveth me receiveth that he and me; receiveth send I whomsoever receiveth that He you, unto say I verily, Verily,
he. am I that believe may ye pass, to come is it when that, come, it before you tell I Now
me. against heel his up lifted hath me with bread eateth that He fulfilled, be may scripture the that but chosen: have I whom know I all: you of not speak I
them. do ye if ye are happy things, these know ye If
him. sent that he than greater sent is that he neither lord; his than greater not is servant The you, unto say I verily, Verily,
you. to done have I as do should ye that example, an you given have I For
feet. another's one wash to ought also ye feet; your washed have Master, and Lord your then, I If
am. I so for well; say ye and Lord: and Master me call Ye
you? to done have I what ye Know them, unto said he again, down set was and garments, his taken had and feet, their washed had he after So
clean. all not are Ye he, said therefore him; betray should who knew he For
all. not but clean, are ye and whit: every clean is but feet, his wash to save not needeth washed is that He him, to saith Jesus
head. my and hands my also but only, feet my not Lord, him, unto saith Peter Simon
me. with part no hast thou not, thee wash I If him, answered Jesus feet. my wash never shalt Thou him, unto saith Peter
hereafter. know shalt thou but now; not knowest thou do I What him, unto said and answered Jesus
feet? my wash thou dost Lord, him, unto saith Peter and Peter: Simon to he cometh Then
girded. was he wherewith towel the with them wipe to and feet, disciples' the wash to began and bason, a into water poureth he that After
himself. girded and towel, a took and garments; his aside laid and supper, from riseth He
God; to went and God, from come was he that and hands, his into things all given had Father the that knowing Jesus
him; betray to son, Simon's Iscariot, Judas of heart the into put now having devil the ended, being supper And
end. the unto them loved he world, the in were which own his loved having Father, the unto world this of out depart should he that come was hour his that knew Jesus when passover, the of feast the before Now
speak. I so me, unto said Father the as even therefore, speak I whatsoever everlasting: life is commandment his that know I And
speak. should I what and say, should I what commandment, a me gave he me, sent which Father the but myself; of spoken not have I For
day. last the in him judge shall same the spoken, have I that word the him: judgeth that one hath words, my not receiveth and me, rejecteth that He
world. the save to but world, the judge to not came I for not: him judge I not, believe and words, my hear man any if And
darkness. in abide not should me on believeth whosoever that world, the into light a come am I
me. sent that him seeth me seeth that he And
me. sent that him on but me, on not believeth me, on believeth that He said, and cried Jesus
God. of praise the than more men of praise the loved they For
synagogue: the of out put be should they lest him, confess not did they Pharisees the of because but him; on believed many also rulers chief the among Nevertheless
him. of spake and glory, his saw he when Esaias, said things These
them. heal should I and converted, be and heart, their with understand nor eyes, their with see not should they that heart; their hardened and eyes, their blinded hath He
again, said Esaias that because believe, not could they Therefore
revealed? been Lord the of arm the hath whom to and report? our believed hath who Lord, spake, he which fulfilled, be might prophet the Esaias of saying the That
him: on not believed they yet them, before miracles many so done had he though But
them. from himself hide did and departed, and Jesus, spake things These light. of children the be may ye that light, the in believe light, have ye While
goeth. he whither not knoweth darkness in walketh that he for you: upon come darkness lest light, the have ye while Walk you. with light the is while little a Yet them, unto said Jesus Then
man? of Son this is who up? lifted be must man of Son The thou, sayest how and ever: for abideth Christ that law the of out heard have We him, answered people The
die. should he death what signifying said, he This
me. unto men all draw will earth, the from up lifted be I if I, And
out. cast be world this of prince the shall now world: this of judgment the is Now
sakes. your for but me, of because not came voice This said, and answered Jesus
him. to spake angel An said, others thundered: it that said it, heard and by, stood that therefore, people The
again. it glorify will and it, glorified both have I saying, heaven, from voice a there came Then name. thy glorify Father,
hour. this unto I came cause this for but hour: this from me save Father, say? I shall what and troubled; soul my is Now
honour. Father my will him me, serve man any if be: servant my also shall there am, I where and me; follow him let me, serve man any If
eternal. life unto it keep shall world this in life his hateth that he and it; lose shall life his loveth that He
fruit. much forth bringeth it die, it if but alone: abideth it die, and ground the into fall wheat of corn a Except you, unto say I verily, Verily,
glorified. be should man of Son the that come, is hour The saying, them, answered Jesus And
Jesus. tell Philip and Andrew again and Andrew: telleth and cometh Philip
Jesus. see would we Sir, saying, him, desired and Galilee, of Bethsaida of was which Philip, to therefore came same The
feast: the at worship to up came that them among Greeks certain were there And
him. after gone is world the behold, nothing? prevail ye how ye Perceive themselves, among said therefore Pharisees The
miracle. this done had he that heard they that for him, met also people the cause this For
record. bare dead, the from him raised and grave, his of out Lazarus called he when him with was that therefore people The
him. unto things these done had they that and him, of written were things these that they remembered then glorified, was Jesus when but first: the at disciples his not understood things These
colt. ass's an on sitting cometh, King thy behold, Sion: of daughter not, Fear
written, is it as thereon; sat ass, young a found had he when Jesus, And
Lord. the of name the in cometh that Israel of King the is Blessed Hosanna: cried, and him, meet to forth went and trees, palm of branches Took
Jerusalem, to coming was Jesus that heard they when feast, the to come were that people much day next the On
Jesus. on believed and away, went Jews the of many him of reason by that Because
death; to also Lazarus put might they that consulted priests chief the But
dead. the from raised had he whom also, Lazarus see might they that but only, sake Jesus' for not came they and there: was he that knew therefore Jews the of people Much
always. not have ye me but you; with have ye always poor the For
this. kept she hath burying my of day the against alone: her Let Jesus, said Then
therein. put was what bare and bag, the had and thief, a was he because but poor; the for cared he that not said, he This
poor? the to given and pence, hundred three for sold ointment this not was Why
him, betray should which son, Simon's Iscariot, Judas disciples, his of one saith Then
ointment. the of odour the with filled was house the and hair: her with feet his wiped and Jesus, of feet the anointed and costly, very spikenard, of ointment of pound a Mary took Then
him. with table the at sat that them of one was Lazarus but served: Martha and supper; a him made they There
dead. the from raised he whom dead, been had which was, Lazarus where Bethany, to came passover the before days six Jesus Then
him. take might they that it, shew should he were, he where knew man any if that, commandment, a given had Pharisees the and priests chief the both Now
feast? the to come not will he that ye, think What temple, the in stood they as themselves, among spake and Jesus, for they sought Then
themselves. purify to passover, the before Jerusalem to up country the of out went many and hand: at nigh was passover Jews' the And
disciples. his with continued there and Ephraim, called city a into wilderness, the to near country a unto thence went but Jews; the among openly more no walked therefore Jesus
death. to him put to for together counsel took they forth day that from Then
abroad. scattered were that God of children the one in together gather should he also that but only, nation that for not And
nation; that for die should Jesus that prophesied he year, that priest high being but himself: of not he spake this And
not. perish nation whole the that and people, the for die should man one that us, for expedient is it that consider Nor
all, at nothing know Ye them, unto said year, same that priest high the being Caiaphas, named them, of one And
nation. and place our both away take and come shall Romans the and him: on believe will men all alone, thus him let we If
miracles. many doeth man this for we? do What said, and council, a Pharisees the and priests chief the gathered Then
done. had Jesus things what them told and Pharisees, the to ways their went them of some But
him. on believed did, Jesus which things the seen had and Mary, to came which Jews the of many Then
go. him let and him, Loose them, unto saith Jesus napkin. a with about bound was face his and graveclothes: with foot and hand bound forth, came dead was that he And
forth. come Lazarus, voice, loud a with cried he spoken, had thus he when And
me. sent hast thou that believe may they that it, said I by stand which people the of because but always: me hearest thou that knew I And
me. heard hast thou that thee thank I Father, said, and eyes, his up lifted Jesus And laid. was dead the where place the from stone the away took they Then
God? of glory the see shouldest thou believe, wouldest thou if that, thee, unto not I Said her, unto saith Jesus
days. four dead been hath he for stinketh: he time this by Lord, him, unto saith dead, was that him of sister the Martha, stone. the away ye Take said, Jesus
it. upon lay stone a and cave, a was It grave. the to cometh himself in groaning again therefore Jesus
died? have not should man this even that caused have blind, the of eyes the opened which man, this not Could said, them of some And
him! loved he how Behold Jews, the said Then
wept. Jesus
see. and come Lord, him, unto said They him? laid ye have Where said, And
troubled. was and spirit, the in groaned he her, with came which weeping also Jews the and weeping, her saw therefore Jesus When
died. not had brother my here, been hadst thou if Lord, him, unto saying feet, his at down fell she him, saw and was, Jesus where come was Mary when Then
there. weep to grave the unto goeth She saying, her, followed out, went and hastily up rose she that Mary, saw they when her, comforted and house, the in her with were which then Jews The
him. met Martha where place that in was but town, the into come yet not was Jesus Now
him. unto came and quickly, arose she that, heard she as soon As
thee. for calleth and come, is Master The saying, secretly, sister her Mary called and way, her went she said, so had she when And
world. the into come should which God, of Son the Christ, the art thou that believe I Lord: Yea, him, unto saith She
this? thou Believest die. never shall me in believeth and liveth whosoever And
live: he shall yet dead, were he though me, in believeth that he life: the and resurrection, the am I her, unto said Jesus
day. last the at resurrection the in again rise shall he that know I him, unto saith Martha
again. rise shall brother Thy her, unto saith Jesus
thee. it give will God God, of ask wilt thou whatsoever now, even that know, I But
died. not had brother my here, been hadst thou if Lord, Jesus, unto Martha said Then
house. the in still sat Mary but him: met and went coming, was Jesus that heard she as soon as Martha, Then
brother. their concerning them comfort to Mary, and Martha to came Jews the of many And
off: furlongs fifteen about Jerusalem, unto nigh was Bethany Now
already. days four grave the in lain had he that found he came, Jesus when Then
him. with die may we that go, also us Let fellowdisciples, his unto Didymus, called is which Thomas, said Then
him. unto go us let nevertheless believe; may ye intent the to there, not was I that sakes your for glad am I And
dead. is Lazarus plainly, them unto Jesus said Then
sleep. in rest of taking of spoken had he that thought they but death: his of spake Jesus Howbeit
well. do shall he sleep, he if Lord, disciples, his said Then
sleep. of out him awake may I that go, I but sleepeth; Lazarus friend Our them, unto saith he that after and he: said things These
him. in light no is there because stumbleth, he night, the in walk man a if But
world. this of light the seeth he because not, stumbleth he day, the in walk man any If day? the in hours twelve not there Are answered, Jesus
again? thither thou goest and thee; stone to sought late of Jews the Master, him, unto say disciples His
again. Judaea into go us Let disciples, his to he saith that after Then
was. he where place same the in still days two abode he sick, was he that therefore heard had he When
Lazarus. and sister, her and Martha, loved Jesus Now
thereby. glorified be might God of Son the that God, of glory the for but death, unto not is sickness This said, he that, heard Jesus When
sick. is lovest thou whom he behold, Lord, saying, him, unto sent sisters his Therefore
sick.) was Lazarus brother whose hair, her with feet his wiped and ointment, with Lord the anointed which Mary that was (It
Martha. sister her and Mary of town the Bethany, of Lazarus, named sick, was man certain a Now
there. him on believed many And
true. were man this of spake John that things all but miracle: no did John said, and him, unto resorted many And
abode. he there and baptized; first at John where place the into Jordan beyond again away went And
hand, their of out escaped he but him: take to again sought they Therefore
him. in I and me, in is Father the that believe, and know, may ye that works: the believe me, not believe ye though do, I if But
not. me believe Father, my of works the not do I If
God? of Son the am I said, I because blasphemest; Thou world, the into sent and sanctified, hath Father the whom him, of ye Say
broken; be cannot scripture the and came, God of word the whom unto gods, them called he If
gods? are Ye said, I law, your in written not it Is them, answered Jesus
God. thyself makest man, a being thou, that because and blasphemy; for but not; thee stone we work good a For saying, him, answered Jews The
me? stone ye do works those of which for Father; my from you shewed I have works good Many them, answered Jesus
him. stone to again stones up took Jews the Then
one. are Father my and I
hand. Father's my of out them pluck to able is man no and all; than greater is me, them gave which Father, My
hand. my of out them pluck man any shall neither perish, never shall they and life; eternal them unto give I And
me: follow they and them, know I and voice, my hear sheep My
you. unto said I as sheep, my of not are ye because not, believe ye But
me. of witness bear they name, Father's my in do I that works the not: believed ye and you, told I them, answered Jesus
plainly. us tell Christ, the be thou If doubt? to us make thou dost long How him, unto said and him, about round Jews the came Then
porch. Solomon's in temple the in walked Jesus And
winter. was it and dedication, the of feast the Jerusalem at was it And
blind? the of eyes the open devil a Can devil. a hath that him of words the not are These said, Others
him? ye hear why mad; is and devil, a hath He said, them of many And
sayings. these for Jews the among again therefore division a was There
Father. my of received I have commandment This again. it take to power have I and down, it lay to power have I myself. of down it lay I but me, from it taketh man No
again. it take might I that life, my down lay I because me, love Father my doth Therefore
shepherd. one and fold, one be shall there and voice; my hear shall they and bring, must I also them fold: this of not are which have, I sheep other And
sheep. the for life my down lay I and Father: the I know so even me, knoweth Father the As
mine. of known am and sheep, my know and shepherd, good the am I
sheep. the for not careth and hireling, an is he because fleeth, hireling The
sheep. the scattereth and them, catcheth wolf the and fleeth: and sheep, the leaveth and coming, wolf the seeth not, are sheep the own whose shepherd, the not and hireling, an is that he But
sheep. the for life his giveth shepherd good the shepherd: good the am I
abundantly. more it have might they that and life, have might they that come am I destroy: to and kill, to and steal, to for but not, cometh thief The
pasture. find and out, and in go shall and saved, be shall he in, enter man any if me by door: the am I
them. hear not did sheep the but robbers: and thieves are me before came ever that All
sheep. the of door the am I you, unto say I verily, Verily, again, them unto Jesus said Then
them. unto spake he which were they things what not understood they but them: unto Jesus spake parable This
strangers. of voice the not know they for him: from flee will but follow, not they will stranger a And
voice. his know they for him: follow sheep the and them, before goeth he sheep, own his forth putteth he when And
out. them leadeth and name, by sheep own his calleth he and voice: his hear sheep the and openeth; porter the him To
sheep. the of shepherd the is door the by in entereth that he But
robber. a and thief a is same the way, other some up climbeth but sheepfold, the into door the by not entereth that He you, unto say I verily, Verily,
remaineth. sin your therefore see; We say, ye now but sin: no have should ye blind, were ye If them, unto said Jesus
also? blind we Are him, unto said and words, these heard him with were which Pharisees the of some And
blind. made be might see which they that and see; might not see which they that world, this into come am I judgment For said, Jesus And
him. worshipped he And believe. I Lord, said, he And
thee. with talketh that he is it and him, seen both hast Thou him, unto said Jesus And
him? on believe might I that Lord, he, is Who said, and answered He
God? of Son the on believe thou Dost him, unto said he him, found had he when and out; him cast had they that heard Jesus
out. him cast they And us? teach thou dost and sins, in born altogether wast Thou him, unto said and answered They
nothing. do could he God, of not were man this If
blind. born was that one of eyes the opened man any that heard not it was began world the Since
heareth. he him will, his doeth and God, of worshipper a be man any if but sinners: not heareth God that know we Now
eyes. mine opened hath he yet and is, he whence from not know ye that thing, marvellous a is herein Why them, unto said and answered man The
is. he whence from not know we fellow, this for as Moses: unto spake God that know We
disciples. Moses' are we but disciple; his art Thou said, and him, reviled they Then
disciples? his be also ye will again? it hear ye would wherefore hear: not did ye and already, you told have I them, answered He
eyes? thine he opened how thee? to he did What again, him to they said Then
see. I now blind, was I whereas that, know, I thing one not: know I no, or sinner a be he Whether said, and answered He
sinner. a is man this that know we praise: the God Give him, unto said and blind, was that man the they called again Then
him. ask age; of is He parents, his said Therefore
synagogue. the of out put be should he Christ, was he that confess did man any if that already, agreed had Jews the for Jews: the feared they because parents, his spake words These
himself. for speak shall he him: ask age; of is he not: know we eyes, his opened hath who or not; know we seeth, now he means what by But
blind: born was he that and son, our is this that know We said, and them answered parents His
see? now he doth then how blind? born was say ye who son, your this Is saying, them, asked they And
sight. his received had that him of parents the called they until sight, his received and blind, been had he that him, concerning believe not did Jews the But
prophet. a is He said, He eyes? thine opened hath he that him, of thou sayest What again, man blind the unto say They
them. among division a was there And miracles? such do sinner a is that man a can How said, Others day. sabbath the not keepeth he because God, of not is man This Pharisees, the of some said Therefore
see. do and washed, I and eyes, mine upon clay put He them, unto said He sight. his received had he how him asked also Pharisees the again Then
eyes. his opened and clay, the made Jesus when day sabbath the was it And
blind. was aforetime that him Pharisees the to brought They
not. know I said, He he? is Where him, unto they said Then
sight. received I and washed, and went I and wash: and Siloam, of pool the to Go me, unto said and eyes, mine anointed and clay, made Jesus called is that man A said, and answered He
opened? eyes thine were How him, unto they said Therefore
he. am I said, he but him: like is He said, others he: is This said, Some
begged? and sat that he this not Is said, blind, was he that him seen had before which they and therefore, neighbours The
seeing. came and washed, and therefore, way his went He Sent.) interpretation, by is (which Siloam, of pool the in wash Go, him, unto said And
clay, the with man blind the of eyes the anointed he and spittle, the of clay made and ground, the on spat he spoken, thus had he When
world. the of light the am I world, the in am I as long As
work. can man no when cometh, night the day: is it while me, sent that him of works the work must I
him. in manifest made be should God of works the that but parents: his nor sinned, man this hath Neither answered, Jesus
blind? born was he that parents, his or man, this sin, did who Master, saying, him, asked disciples his And
birth. his from blind was which man a saw he by, passed Jesus as And
by. passed so and them, of midst the through going temple, the of out went and himself, hid Jesus but him: at cast to stones up they took Then
am. I was, Abraham Before you, unto say I verily, Verily, them, unto said Jesus
Abraham? seen thou hast and old, years fifty yet not art Thou him, unto Jews the said Then
glad. was and it, saw he and day: my see to rejoiced Abraham father Your
saying. his keep and him, know I but you: unto like liar a be shall I not, him know I say, should I if and him: know I but him; known not have ye Yet
God: your is he that say, ye whom of me; honoureth that Father my is it nothing: is honour my myself, honour I If answered, Jesus
thyself? thou makest whom dead: are prophets the and dead? is which Abraham, father our than greater thou Art
death. of taste never shall he saying, my keep man a If sayest, thou and prophets; the and dead, is Abraham devil. a hast thou that know we Now him, unto Jews the said Then
death. see never shall he saying, my keep man a If you, unto say I verily, Verily,
judgeth. and seeketh that one is there glory: own mine not seek I And
me. dishonour do ye and Father, my honour I but devil; a not have I answered, Jesus
devil? a hast and Samaritan, a art thou that well not we Say him, unto said and Jews, the answered Then
God. of not are ye because not, them hear therefore ye words: God's heareth God of is that He
me? believe not ye do why truth, the say I if And sin? of me convinceth you of Which
not. me believe ye truth, the you tell I because And
it. of father the and liar, a is he for own: his of speaketh he lie, a speaketh he When him. in truth no is there because truth, the in not abode and beginning, the from murderer a was He do. will ye father your of lusts the and devil, the father your of are Ye
word. my hear cannot ye because even speech? my understand not ye do Why
me. sent he but myself, of I came neither God; from came and forth proceeded I for me: love would ye Father, your were God If them, unto said Jesus
God. even Father, one have we fornication; of born not be We him, to they said Then father. your of deeds the do Ye
Abraham. not did this God: of heard have I which truth, the you told hath that man a me, kill to seek ye now But
Abraham. of works the do would ye children, Abraham's were ye If them, unto saith Jesus father. our is Abraham him, unto said and answered They
father. your with seen have ye which that do ye and Father: my with seen have I which that speak I
you. in place no hath word my because me, kill to seek ye but seed; Abraham's are ye that know I
indeed. free be shall ye free, you make shall therefore Son the If
ever. abideth Son the but ever: for house the in not abideth servant the And
sin. of servant the is sin committeth Whosoever you, unto say I verily, Verily, them, answered Jesus
free? made be shall Ye thou, sayest how man: any to bondage in never were and seed, Abraham's be We him, answered They
free. you make shall truth the and truth, the know shall ye And
indeed; disciples my ye are then word, my in continue ye If him, on believed which Jews those to Jesus said Then
him. on believed many words, these spake he As
him. please that things those always do I for alone; me left not hath Father the me: with is me sent that he And
things. these speak I me, taught hath Father my as but myself; of nothing do I that and he, am I that know ye shall then man, of Son the up lifted have ye When them, unto Jesus said Then
Father. the of them to spake he that not understood They
him. of heard have I which things those world the to speak I and true; is me sent that he but you: of judge to and say to things many have I
beginning. the from you unto said I that same the Even them, unto saith Jesus And thou? art Who him, unto they said Then
sins. your in die shall ye he, am I that not believe ye if for sins: your in die shall ye that you, unto therefore said I
world. this of not am I world; this of are ye above: from am I beneath; from are Ye them, unto said he And
come. cannot ye go, I Whither saith, he because himself? kill he Will Jews, the said Then
come. cannot ye go, I whither sins: your in die shall and me, seek shall ye and way, my go I them, unto again Jesus said Then
come. yet not was hour his for him; on hands laid man no and temple: the in taught he as treasury, the in Jesus spake words These
also. Father my known have should ye me, known had ye if Father: my nor me, know neither Ye answered, Jesus Father? thy is Where him, unto they said Then
me. of witness beareth me sent that Father the and myself, of witness bear that one am I
true. is men two of testimony the that law, your in written also is It
me. sent that Father the and I but alone, not am I for true: is judgment my judge, I if yet And
man. no judge I flesh; the after judge Ye
go. I whither and come, I whence tell cannot ye but go; I whither and came, I whence know I for true: is record my yet myself, of record bear I Though them, unto said and answered Jesus
true. not is record thy thyself; of record bearest Thou him, unto said therefore Pharisees The
life. of light the have shall but darkness, in walk not shall me followeth that he world: the of light the am I saying, them, unto again Jesus spake Then
more. no sin and go, thee: condemn I do Neither her, unto said Jesus And Lord. man, No said, She
thee? condemned man no hath accusers? thine those are where Woman, her, unto said he woman, the but none saw and himself, up lifted had Jesus When
midst. the in standing woman the and alone, left was Jesus and last: the unto even eldest, the at beginning one, by one out went conscience, own their by convicted being it, heard which they And
ground. the on wrote and down, stooped he again And
her. at stone a cast first him let you, among sin without is that He them, unto said and himself, up lifted he him, asking continued they when So
not. them heard he though as ground, the on wrote finger his with and down, stooped Jesus But him. accuse to have might they that him, tempting said, they This
thou? sayest what but stoned: be should such that us, commanded law the in Moses Now
act. very the in adultery, in taken was woman this Master, him, unto say They
midst, the in her set had they when and adultery; in taken woman a him unto brought Pharisees and scribes the And
them. taught and down, sat he and him; unto came people the all and temple, the into again came he morning the in early And
Olives. of mount the unto went Jesus
house. own his unto went man every And
prophet. no ariseth Galilee of out for look: and Search, Galilee? of also thou Art him, unto said and answered They
doeth? he what know and him, hear it before man, any judge law our Doth
them,) of one being night, by Jesus to came that (he them, unto saith Nicodemus
cursed. are law the not knoweth who people this But
him? on believed Pharisees the of or rulers the of any Have
deceived? also ye Are Pharisees, the them answered Then
man. this like spake man Never answered, officers The
him? brought not ye have Why them, unto said they and Pharisees; and priests chief the to officers the came Then
him. on hands laid man no but him; taken have would them of some And
him. of because people the among division a was there So
was? David where Bethlehem, of town the of out and David, of seed the of cometh Christ That said, scripture the not Hath
Galilee? of out come Christ Shall said, some But Christ. the is This said, Others
Prophet. the is this truth a Of said, saying, this heard they when therefore, people the of Many
glorified.) yet not was Jesus that because given; yet not was Ghost Holy the for receive: should him on believe that they which Spirit, the of he spake this (But
water. living of rivers flow shall belly his of out said, hath scripture the as me, on believeth that He
drink. and me, unto come him let thirst, man any If saying, cried, and stood Jesus feast, the of day great that day, last the In
come? cannot ye thither am, I where and me: find not shall and me, seek shall Ye said, he that this is saying of manner What
Gentiles? the teach and Gentiles, the among dispersed the unto go he will him? find not shall we that go, he will Whither themselves, among Jews the said Then
come. cannot ye thither am, I where and me: find not shall and me, seek shall Ye
me. sent that him unto go I then and you, with I am while little a Yet them, unto Jesus said Then
him. take to officers sent priests chief the and Pharisees the and him; concerning things such murmured people the that heard Pharisees The
done? hath man this which these than miracles more do he will cometh, Christ When said, and him, on believed people the of many And
come. yet not was hour his because him, on hands laid man no but him: take to sought they Then
me. sent hath he and him, from am I for him: know I But
not. know ye whom true, is me sent that he but myself, of come not am I and am: I whence know ye and me, know both Ye saying, taught, he as temple the in Jesus cried Then
is. he whence knoweth man no cometh, Christ when but is: he whence man this know we Howbeit
Christ? very the is this that indeed know rulers the Do him. unto nothing say they and boldly, speaketh he lo, But,
kill? to seek they whom he, this not Is Jerusalem, of them of some said Then
judgment. righteous judge but appearance, the to according not Judge
day? sabbath the on whole whit every man a made have I because me, at angry ye are broken; be not should Moses of law the that circumcision, receive day sabbath the on man a If
man. a circumcise day sabbath the on ye and fathers;) the of but Moses, of is it because (not circumcision; you unto gave therefore Moses
marvel. all ye and work, one done have I them, unto said and answered Jesus
thee? kill to about goeth who devil: a hast Thou said, and answered people The
me? kill to about ye go Why law? the keepeth you of none yet and law, the you give Moses not Did
him. in is unrighteousness no and true, is same the him, sent that glory his seeketh that he but glory: own his seeketh himself of speaketh that He
myself. of speak I whether or God, of be it whether doctrine, the of know shall he will, his do will man any If
me. sent that his but mine, not is doctrine My said, and them, answered Jesus
learned? never having letters, man this knoweth How saying, marvelled, Jews the And
taught. and temple, the into up went Jesus feast the of midst the about Now
Jews. the of fear for him of openly spake man no Howbeit
people. the deceiveth he but Nay; said, others man: good a is He said, some for him: concerning people the among murmuring much was there And
he? is Where said, and feast, the at him sought Jews the Then
secret. in were it as but openly, not feast, the unto up also he went then up, gone were brethren his when But
Galilee. in still abode he them, unto words these said had he When
come. full yet not is time my for feast: this unto yet up not go I feast: this unto up ye Go
evil. are thereof works the that it, of testify I because hateth, it me but you; hate cannot world The
ready. alway is time your but come: yet not is time My them, unto said Jesus Then
him. in believe brethren his did neither For
world. the to thyself shew things, these do thou If openly. known be to seeketh himself he and secret, in thing any doeth that man no is there For
doest. thou that works the see may also disciples thy that Judaea, into go and hence, Depart him, unto said therefore brethren His
hand. at was tabernacles of feast Jew's the Now
him. kill to sought Jews the because Jewry, in walk not would he for Galilee: in walked Jesus things these After
twelve. the of one being him, betray should that was it he for Simon: of son the Iscariot Judas of spake He
devil? a is you of one and twelve, you chosen I not Have them, answered Jesus
God. living the of Son the Christ, that art thou that sure are and believe we And
life. eternal of words the hast thou go? we shall whom to Lord, him, answered Peter Simon Then
away? go also ye Will twelve, the unto Jesus said Then
him. with more no walked and back, went disciples his of many time that From
Father. my of him unto given were it except me, unto come can man no that you, unto I said Therefore said, he And
him. betray should who and not, believed that were they who beginning the from knew Jesus For not. believe that you of some are there But
life. are they and spirit, are they you, unto speak I that words the nothing: profiteth flesh the quickeneth; that spirit the is It
before? was he where up ascend man of Son the see shall ye if and What
you? offend this Doth them, unto said he it, at murmured disciples his that himself in knew Jesus When
it? hear can who saying; hard an is This said, this, heard had they when disciples, his of therefore Many
Capernaum. in taught he as synagogue, the in he said things These
ever. for live shall bread this of eateth that he dead: are and manna, eat did fathers your as not heaven: from down came which bread that is This
me. by live shall he even me, eateth that he so Father: the by live I and me, sent hath Father living the As
him. in I and me, in dwelleth blood, my drinketh and flesh, my eateth that He
indeed. drink is blood my and indeed, meat is flesh my For
day. last the at up him raise will I and life; eternal hath blood, my drinketh and flesh, my eateth Whoso
you. in life no have ye blood, his drink and man, of Son the of flesh the eat ye Except you, unto say I verily, Verily, them, unto said Jesus Then
eat? to flesh his us give man this can How saying, themselves, among strove therefore Jews The
world. the of life the for give will I which flesh, my is give will I that bread the and ever: for live shall he bread, this of eat man any if heaven: from down came which bread living the am I
die. not and thereof, eat may man a that heaven, from down cometh which bread the is This
dead. are and wilderness, the in manna eat did fathers Your
life. of bread that am I
life. everlasting hath me on believeth that He you, unto say I verily, Verily,
Father. the seen hath he God, of is which he save Father, the seen hath man any that Not
me. unto cometh Father, the of learned hath and heard, hath that therefore man Every God. of taught all be shall they And prophets, the in written is It
day. last the at up him raise will I and him: draw me sent hath which Father the except me, to come can man No
yourselves. among not Murmur them, unto said and answered therefore Jesus
heaven? from down came I saith, he that then it is how know? we mother and father whose Joseph, of son the Jesus, this not Is said, they And
heaven. from down came which bread the am I said, he because him, at murmured then Jews The
day. last the at up him raise will I and life: everlasting have may him, on believeth and Son, the seeth which one every that me, sent that him of will the is this And
day. last the at again up it raise should but nothing, lose should I me given hath he which all of that me, sent hath which will Father's the is this And
me. sent that him of will the but will, own mine do to not heaven, from down came I For
out. cast wise no in will I me to cometh that him and me; to come shall me giveth Father the that All
not. believe and me, seen have also ye That you, unto said I But
thirst. never shall me on believeth that he and hunger; never shall me to cometh that he life: of bread the am I them, unto said Jesus And
bread. this us give evermore Lord, him, unto they said Then
world. the unto life giveth and heaven, from down cometh which he is God of bread the For
heaven. from bread true the you giveth Father my but heaven; from bread that not you gave Moses you, unto say I verily, Verily, them, unto said Jesus Then
eat. to heaven from bread them gave He written, is it as desert; the in manna eat did fathers Our
work? thou dost what thee? believe and see, may we that then, thou shewest sign What him, unto therefore said They
sent. hath he whom him on believe ye that God, of work the is This them, unto said and answered Jesus
God? of works the work might we that do, we shall What him, unto they said Then
sealed. Father the God hath him for you: unto give shall man of Son the which life, everlasting unto endureth which meat that for but perisheth, which meat the for not Labour
filled. were and loaves, the of eat did ye because but miracles, the saw ye because not me, seek Ye you, unto say I verily, Verily, said, and them answered Jesus
hither? thou camest when Rabbi, him, unto said they sea, the of side other the on him found had they when And
Jesus. for seeking Capernaum, to came and shipping, took also they disciples, his neither there, not was Jesus that saw therefore people the When
thanks:) given had Lord the that after bread, eat did they where place the unto nigh Tiberias from boats other came there (Howbeit
alone; away gone were disciples his that but boat, the into disciples his with not went Jesus that and entered, were disciples his whereinto one that save there, boat other none was there that saw sea the of side other the on stood which people the when following, day The
went. they whither land the at was ship the immediately and ship: the into him received willingly they Then
afraid. not be I; is It them, unto saith he But
afraid. were they and ship: the unto nigh drawing and sea, the on walking Jesus see they furlongs, thirty or twenty and five about rowed had they when So
blew. that wind great a of reason by arose sea the And
them. to come not was Jesus and dark, now was it And Capernaum. toward sea the over went and ship, a into entered And
sea, the unto down went disciples his come, now was even when And
alone. himself mountain a into again departed he king, a him make to force, by him take and come would they that perceived therefore Jesus When
world. the into come should that prophet that truth a of is This said, did, Jesus that miracle the seen had they when men, those Then
eaten. had that them unto above and over remained which loaves, barley five the of fragments the with baskets twelve filled and together, them gathered they Therefore
lost. be nothing that remain, that fragments the up Gather disciples, his unto said he filled, were they When
would. they as much as fishes the of likewise and down; set were that them to disciples the and disciples, the to distributed he thanks, given had he when and loaves; the took Jesus And
thousand. five about number in down, sat men the So place. the in grass much was there Now down. sit men the Make said, Jesus And
many? so among they are what but fishes: small two and loaves, barley five hath which here, lad a is There
him, unto saith brother, Peter's Simon Andrew, disciples, his of One
little. a take may them of one every that them, for sufficient not is bread of pennyworth hundred Two him, answered Philip
do. would he what knew himself he for him: prove to said he this And
eat? may these that bread, buy we shall Whence Philip, unto saith he him, unto come company great a saw and eyes, his up lifted then Jesus When
nigh. was Jews, the of feast a passover, the And
disciples. his with sat he there and mountain, a into up went Jesus And
diseased. were that them on did he which miracles his saw they because him, followed multitude great a And
Tiberias. of sea the is which Galilee, of sea the over went Jesus things these After
words? my believe ye shall how writings, his not believe ye if But
me. of wrote he for me; believed have would ye Moses, believed ye had For
trust. ye whom in Moses, even you, accuseth that one is there Father: the to you accuse will I that think not Do
only? God from cometh that honour the not seek and another, of one honour receive which believe, ye can How
receive. will ye him name, own his in come shall another if not: me receive ye and name, Father's my in come am I
you. in God of love the not have ye that you, know I But
men. from honour not receive I
life. have might ye that me, to come not will ye And
me. of testify which they are they and life: eternal have ye think ye them in for scriptures; the Search
not. believe ye him sent, hath he whom for you: in abiding word his not have ye And
shape. his seen nor time, any at voice his heard neither have Ye me. of witness borne hath me, sent hath which himself, Father the And
me. sent hath Father the that me, of witness bear do, I that works same the finish, to me given hath Father the which works the for John: of that than witness greater have I But
light. his in rejoice to season a for willing were ye and light: shining a and burning a was He
saved. be might ye that say, I things these but man: from testimony not receive I But
truth. the unto witness bare he and John, unto sent Ye
true. is me of witnesseth he which witness the that know I and me; of witness beareth that another is There
true. not is witness my myself, of witness bear I If
me. sent hath which Father the of will the but will, own mine not seek I because just; is judgment my and judge: I hear, I as nothing: do self own mine of can I
damnation. of resurrection the unto evil, done have that they and life; of resurrection the unto good, done have that they forth; come shall And
voice, his hear shall graves the in are that all which the in coming, is hour the for this: at not Marvel
man. of Son the is he because also, judgment execute to authority him given hath And
himself; in life have to Son the to given he hath so himself; in life hath Father the as For
live. shall hear that they and God: of Son the of voice the hear shall dead the when is, now and coming, is hour The you, unto say I verily, Verily,
life. unto death from passed is but condemnation; into come not shall and life, everlasting hath me, sent that him on believeth and word, my heareth that He you, unto say I verily, Verily,
him. sent hath which Father the not honoureth Son the not honoureth that He Father. the honour they as even Son, the honour should men all That
Son: the unto judgment all committed hath but man, no judgeth Father the For
will. he whom quickeneth Son the so even them; quickeneth and dead, the up raiseth Father the as For
marvel. may ye that these, than works greater him shew will he and doeth: himself that things all him sheweth and Son, the loveth Father the For
likewise. Son the doeth also these doeth, he soever things what for do: Father the seeth he what but himself, of nothing do can Son The you, unto say I verily, Verily, them, unto said and Jesus answered Then
God. with equal himself making Father, his was God that also said but sabbath, the broken had only not he because him, kill to more the sought Jews the Therefore
work. I and hitherto, worketh Father My them, answered Jesus But
day. sabbath the on things these done had he because him, slay to sought and Jesus, persecute Jews the did therefore And
whole. him made had which Jesus, was it that Jews the told and departed, man The
thee. unto come thing worse a lest more, no sin whole: made art thou Behold, him, unto said and temple, the in him findeth Jesus Afterward
place. that in being multitude a away, himself conveyed had Jesus for was: it who not wist healed was that he And
walk? and bed, thy up Take thee, unto said which that is man What him, they asked Then
walk. and bed, thy up Take me, unto said same the whole, me made that He them, answered He
bed. thy carry to thee for lawful not is it day: sabbath the is It cured, was that him unto said therefore Jews The
sabbath. the was day same the on and walked: and bed, his up took and whole, made was man the immediately And
walk. and bed, thy up take Rise, him, unto saith Jesus
me. before down steppeth another coming, am I while but pool: the into me put to troubled, is water the when man, no have I Sir, him, answered man impotent The
whole? made be thou Wilt him, unto saith he case, that in time long a now been had he that knew and lie, him saw Jesus When
years. eight and thirty infirmity an had which there, was man certain a And
had. he disease whatsoever of whole made was in stepped water the of troubling the after first then whosoever water: the troubled and pool, the into season certain a at down went angel an For
water. the of moving the for waiting withered, halt, blind, of folk, impotent of multitude great a lay these In
porches. five having Bethesda, tongue Hebrew the in called is which pool, a market sheep the by Jerusalem at is there Now
Jerusalem. to up went Jesus and Jews; the of feast a was there this After
Galilee. into Judaea of out come was he when did, Jesus that miracle second the again is This
house. whole his and believed, himself and liveth: son Thy him, unto said Jesus which the in hour, same the at was it that knew father the So
him. left fever the hour seventh the at Yesterday him, unto said they And amend. to began he when hour the them of he enquired Then
liveth. son Thy saying, him, told and him, met servants his down, going now was he as And
way. his went he and him, unto spoken had Jesus that word the believed man the And liveth. son thy way; thy Go him, unto saith Jesus
die. child my ere down come Sir, him, unto saith nobleman The
believe. not will ye wonders, and signs see ye Except him, unto Jesus said Then
death. of point the at was he for son: his heal and down, come would he that him besought and him, unto went he Galilee, into Judaea of out come was Jesus that heard he When
Capernaum. at sick was son whose nobleman, certain a was there And wine. water the made he where Galilee, of Cana into again came Jesus So
feast. the unto went also they for feast: the at Jerusalem at did he that things the all seen having him, received Galilaeans the Galilee, into come was he when Then
country. own his in honour no hath prophet a that testified, himself Jesus For
Galilee. into went and thence, departed he days two after Now
world. the of Saviour the Christ, the indeed is this that know and ourselves, him heard have we for saying: thy of because not believe, we Now woman, the unto said And
word; own his of because believed more many And
days. two there abode he and them: with tarry would he that him besought they him, unto come were Samaritans the when So
did. I ever that all me told He testified, which woman, the of saying the for him on believed city that of Samaritans the of many And
labours. their into entered are ye and laboured, men other labour: no bestowed ye whereon that reap to you sent I
reapeth. another and soweth, One true, saying that is herein And
together. rejoice may reapeth that he and soweth that he both that eternal: life unto fruit gathereth and wages, receiveth reapeth that he And
harvest. to already white are they for fields; the on look and eyes, your up Lift you, unto say I behold, harvest? cometh then and months, four yet are There ye, not Say
work. his finish to and me, sent that him of will the do to is meat My them, unto saith Jesus
eat? to ought him brought man any Hath another, to one disciples the said Therefore
of. not know ye that eat to meat have I them, unto said he But
eat. Master, saying, him, prayed disciples his while mean the In
him. unto came and city, the of out went they Then
Christ? the this not is did: I ever that things all me told which man, a see Come,
men, the to saith and city, the into way her went and waterpot, her left then woman The
her? with thou talkest Why or, thou? seekest What said, man no yet woman: the with talked he that marvelled and disciples, his came this upon And
he. am thee unto speak that I her, unto saith Jesus
things. all us tell will he come, is he when Christ: called is which cometh, Messias that know I him, unto saith woman The
truth. in and spirit in him worship must him worship that they and Spirit: a is God
him. worship to such seeketh Father the for truth: in and spirit in Father the worship shall worshippers true the when is, now and cometh, hour the But
Jews. the of is salvation for worship: we what know we what: not know ye worship Ye
Father. the worship Jerusalem, at yet nor mountain, this in neither shall ye when cometh, hour the me, believe Woman, her, unto saith Jesus
worship. to ought men where place the is Jerusalem in that say, ye and mountain; this in worshipped fathers Our
prophet. a art thou that perceive I Sir, him, unto saith woman The
truly. thou saidst that in husband: thy not is hast now thou whom he and husbands; five had hast thou For
husband: no have I said, well hast Thou her, unto said Jesus husband. no have I said, and answered woman The
hither. come and husband, thy call Go, her, unto saith Jesus
draw. to hither come neither not, thirst I that water, this me give Sir, him, unto saith woman The
life. everlasting into up springing water of well a him in be shall him give shall I that water the but thirst; never shall him give shall I that water the of drinketh whosoever But
again: thirst shall water this of drinketh Whosoever her, unto said and answered Jesus
cattle? his and children, his and himself, thereof drank and well, the us gave which Jacob, father our than greater thou Art
water? living that thou hast then whence from deep: is well the and with, draw to nothing hast thou Sir, him, unto saith woman The
water. living thee given have would he and him, of asked have wouldest thou drink; to me Give thee, to saith that is it who and God, of gift the knewest thou If her, unto said and answered Jesus
Samaritans. the with dealings no have Jews the for Samaria? of woman a am which me, of drink askest Jew, a being thou, that it is How him, unto Samaria of woman the saith Then
meat.) buy to city the unto away gone were disciples his (For
drink. to me Give her, unto saith Jesus water: draw to Samaria of woman a cometh There
hour. sixth the about was it and well: the on thus sat journey, his with wearied being therefore, Jesus there. was well Jacob's Now
Joseph. son his to gave Jacob that ground of parcel the to near Sychar, called is which Samaria, of city a to he cometh Then
Samaria. through go needs must he And
Galilee. into again departed and Judaea, left He
disciples,) his but not, baptized himself Jesus (Though
John, than disciples more baptized and made Jesus that heard had Pharisees the how knew Lord the therefore When
him. on abideth God of wrath the but life; see not shall Son the not believeth that he and life: everlasting hath Son the on believeth that He
hand. his into things all given hath and Son, the loveth Father The
him. unto measure by Spirit the not giveth God for God: of words the speaketh sent hath God whom he For
true. is God that seal his to set hath testimony his received hath that He
testimony. his receiveth man no and testifieth; he that heard, and seen hath he what And
all. above is heaven from cometh that he earth: the of speaketh and earthly, is earth the of is that he all: above is above from cometh that He
decrease. must I but increase, must He
fulfilled. is therefore joy my this voice: bridegroom's the of because greatly rejoiceth him, heareth and standeth which bridegroom, the of friend the but bridegroom: the is bride the hath that He
him. before sent am I that but Christ, the not am I said, I that witness, me bear yourselves Ye
heaven. from him given be it except nothing, receive can man A said, and answered John
him. to come men all and baptizeth, same the behold, witness, barest thou whom to Jordan, beyond thee with was that he Rabbi, him, unto said and John, unto came they And
purifying. about Jews the and disciples John's of some between question a arose there Then
prison. into cast yet not was John For
baptized. were and came, they and there: water much was there because Salim, to near Aenon in baptizing was also John And
baptized. and them, with tarried he there and Judaea; of land the into disciples his and Jesus came things these After
God. in wrought are they that manifest, made be may deeds his that light, the to cometh truth doeth that he But
reproved. be should deeds his lest light, the to cometh neither light, the hateth evil doeth that one every For
evil. were deeds their because light, than rather darkness loved men and world, the into come is light that condemnation, the is this And
God. of Son begotten only the of name the in believed not hath he because already, condemned is not believeth that he but condemned: not is him on believeth that He
saved. be might him through world the that but world; the condemn to world the into Son his not sent God For
life. everlasting have but perish, not should him in believeth whosoever that Son, begotten only his gave he that world, the loved so God For
life. eternal have but perish, not should him in believeth whosoever That
up: lifted be man of Son the must so even wilderness, the in serpent the up lifted Moses as And
heaven. in is which man of Son the even heaven, from down came that he but heaven, to up ascended hath man no And
things? heavenly of you tell I if believe, ye shall how not, believe ye and things, earthly you told have I If
witness. our not receive ye and seen; have we that testify and know, do we that speak We thee, unto say I verily, Verily,
things? these not knowest and Israel, of master a thou Art him, unto said and answered Jesus
be? things these can How him, unto said and answered Nicodemus
Spirit. the of born is that one every is so goeth: it whither and cometh, it whence tell not canst but thereof, sound the hearest thou and listeth, it where bloweth wind The
again. born be must Ye thee, unto said I that not Marvel
spirit. is Spirit the of born is which that and flesh; is flesh the of born is which That
God. of kingdom the into enter cannot he Spirit, the of and water of born be man a Except thee, unto say I verily, Verily, answered, Jesus
born? be and womb, mother's his into time second the enter he can old? is he when born be man a can How him, unto saith Nicodemus
God. of kingdom the see cannot he again, born be man a Except thee, unto say I verily, Verily, him, unto said and answered Jesus
him. with be God except doest, thou that miracles these do can man no for God: from come teacher a art thou that know we Rabbi, him, unto said and night, by Jesus to came same The
Jews: the of ruler a Nicodemus, named Pharisees, the of man a was There
man. in was what knew he for man: of testify should any that not needed And
men, all knew he because them, unto himself commit not did Jesus But
did. he which miracles the saw they when name, his in believed many day, feast the in passover, the at Jerusalem in was he when Now
said. had Jesus which word the and scripture, the believed they and them; unto this said had he that remembered disciples his dead, the from risen was he therefore When
body. his of temple the of spake he But
days? three in up it rear thou wilt and building, in temple this was years six and Forty Jews, the said Then
up. it raise will I days three in and temple, this Destroy them, unto said and answered Jesus
things? these doest thou that seeing us, unto thou shewest sign What him, unto said and Jews the answered Then
up. me eaten hath house thine of zeal The written, was it that remembered disciples his And
merchandise. of house an house Father's my not make hence; things these Take doves, sold that them unto said And
tables; the overthrew and money, changers' the out poured and oxen; the and sheep, the and temple, the of out all them drove he cords, small of scourge a made had he when And
sitting: money of changers the and doves, and sheep and oxen sold that those temple the in found And
Jerusalem. to up went Jesus and hand, at was passover Jews' the And
days. many not there continued they and disciples: his and brethren, his and mother, his and he, Capernaum, to down went he this After
him. on believed disciples his and glory; his forth manifested and Galilee, of Cana in Jesus did miracles of beginning This
now. until wine good the kept hast thou but worse: is which that then drunk, well have men when and wine; good forth set doth beginning the at man Every him, unto saith And
bridegroom, the called feast the of governor the knew;) water the drew which servants the (but was: it whence not knew and wine, made was that water the tasted had feast the of ruler the When
it. bare they And feast. the of governor the unto bear and now, out Draw them, unto saith he And
brim. the to up them filled they And water. with waterpots the Fill them, unto saith Jesus
apiece. firkins three or two containing Jews, the of purifying the of manner the after stone, of waterpots six there set were there And
it. do you, unto saith he Whatsoever servants, the unto saith mother His
come. yet not is hour mine thee? with do to I have what Woman, her, unto saith Jesus
wine. no have They him, unto saith Jesus of mother the wine, wanted they when And
marriage. the to disciples, his and called, was Jesus both And
there: was Jesus of mother the and Galilee; of Cana in marriage a was there day third the And
man. of Son the upon descending and ascending God of angels the and open, heaven see shall ye Hereafter you, unto say I verily, Verily, him, unto saith he And
these. than things greater see shalt thou thou? believest tree, fig the under thee saw I thee, unto said I Because him, unto said and answered Jesus
Israel. of King the art thou God; of Son the art thou Rabbi, him, unto saith and answered Nathanael
thee. saw I tree, fig the under wast thou when thee, called Philip that Before him, unto said and answered Jesus me? thou knowest Whence him, unto saith Nathanael
guile! no is whom in indeed, Israelite an Behold him, of saith and him, to coming Nathanael saw Jesus
see. and Come him, unto saith Philip Nazareth? of out come thing good any there Can him, unto said Nathanael And
Joseph. of son the Nazareth, of Jesus write, did prophets, the and law, the in Moses whom of him, found have We him, unto saith and Nathanael, findeth Philip
Peter. and Andrew of city the Bethsaida, of was Philip Now
me. Follow him, unto saith and Philip, findeth and Galilee, into forth go would Jesus following day The
stone. A interpretation, by is which Cephas, called be shalt thou Jona: of son the Simon art Thou said, he him, beheld Jesus when And Jesus. to him brought he And
Christ. the interpreted, being is, which Messias, the found have We him, unto saith and Simon, brother own his findeth first He
brother. Peter's Simon Andrew, was him, followed and speak, John heard which two the of One
hour. tenth the about was it for day: that him with abode and dwelt, he where saw and came They see. and Come them, unto saith He
thou? dwellest where Master,) interpreted, being say, to is (which Rabbi, him, unto said They ye? seek What them, unto saith and following, them saw and turned, Jesus Then
Jesus. followed they and speak, him heard disciples two the And
God! of Lamb the Behold saith, he walked, he as Jesus upon looking And
disciples; his of two and stood, John after day next the Again
God. of Son the is this that record bare and saw, I And
Ghost. Holy the with baptizeth which he is same the him, on remaining and descending, Spirit the see shalt thou whom Upon me, unto said same the water, with baptize to me sent that he but not: him knew I And
him. upon abode it and dove, a like heaven from descending Spirit the saw I saying, record, bare John And
water. with baptizing come I am therefore Israel, to manifest made be should he that but not: him knew I And
me. before was he for me: before preferred is which man a cometh me After said, I whom of he is This
world. the of sin the away taketh which God, of Lamb the Behold saith, and him, unto coming Jesus seeth John day next The
baptizing. was John where Jordan, beyond Bethabara in done were things These
unloose. to worthy not am I latchet shoe's whose me, before preferred is me after coming who is, it He
not; know ye whom you, among one standeth there but water: with baptize I saying, them, answered John
prophet? that neither Elias, nor Christ, that not be thou if then, thou baptizest Why him, unto said and him, asked they And
Pharisees. the of were sent were which they And
Esaias. prophet the said as Lord, the of way the straight Make wilderness, the in crying one of voice the am I said, He
thyself? of thou sayest What us. sent that them to answer an give may we that thou? art Who him, unto they said Then
No. answered, he And prophet? that thou Art not. am I saith, he And Elias? thou Art then? What him, asked they And
Christ. the not am I confessed, but not; denied and confessed, he And
thou? art Who him, ask to Jerusalem from Levites and priests sent Jews the when John, of record the is this And
him. declared hath he Father, the of bosom the in is which Son, begotten only the time, any at God seen hath man No
Christ. Jesus by came truth and grace but Moses, by given was law the For
grace. for grace and received, we all have fulness his of And
me. before was he for me: before preferred is me after cometh that He spake, I whom of he was This saying, cried, and him, of witness bare John
truth. and grace of full Father,) the of begotten only the of as glory the glory, his beheld we (and us, among dwelt and flesh, made was Word the And
God. of but man, of will the of nor flesh, the of will the of nor blood, of not born, were Which
name: his on believe that them to even God, of sons the become to power he gave them to him, received as many as But
not. him received own his and own, his unto came He
not. him knew world the and him, by made was world the and world, the in was He
world. the into cometh that man every lighteth which Light, true the was That
Light. that of witness bear to sent was but Light, that not was He
believe. might him through men all that Light, the of witness bear to witness, a for came same The
John. was name whose God, from sent man a was There
not. it comprehended darkness the and darkness; in shineth light the And
men. of light the was life the and life; was him In
made. was that made thing any not was him without and him; by made were things All
God. with beginning the in was same The
God. was Word the and God, with was Word the and Word, the was beginning the In
John
Amen. God. blessing and praising temple, the in continually were And
joy: great with Jerusalem to returned and him, worshipped they And
heaven. into up carried and them, from parted was he them, blessed he while pass, to came it And
them. blessed and hands, his up lifted he and Bethany, to as far as out them led he And
high. on from power with endued be ye until Jerusalem, of city the in ye tarry but you: upon Father my of promise the send I behold, And,
things. these of witnesses are ye And
Jerusalem. at beginning nations, all among name his in preached be should sins of remission and repentance that And
day: third the dead the from rise to and suffer, to Christ behooved it thus and written, is it Thus them, unto said And
scriptures, the understand might they that understanding, their he opened Then
me. concerning psalms, the in and prophets, the in and Moses, of law the in written were which fulfilled, be must things all that you, with yet was I while you, unto spake I which words the are These them, unto said he And
them. before eat did and it, took he And
honeycomb. an of and fish, broiled a of piece a him gave they And
meat? any here ye Have them, unto said he wondered, and joy, for not believed yet they while And
feet. his and hands his them shewed he spoken, thus had he when And
have. me see ye as bones, and flesh not hath spirit a for see; and me, handle myself: I is it that feet, my and hands my Behold
hearts? your in arise thoughts do why and troubled? ye are Why them, unto said he And
spirit. a seen had they that supposed and affrighted, and terrified were they But
you. unto be Peace them, unto saith and them, of midst the in stood himself Jesus spake, thus they as And
bread. of breaking in them of known was he how and way, the in done were things what told they And
Simon. to appeared hath and indeed, risen is Lord The Saying,
them, with were that them and together, gathered eleven the found and Jerusalem, to returned and hour, same the up rose they And
scriptures? the us to opened he while and way, the by us with talked he while us, within burn heart our not Did another, to one said they And
sight. their of out vanished he and him; knew they and opened, were eyes their And
them. to gave and brake, and it, blessed and bread, took he them, with meat at sat he as pass, to came it And
them. with tarry to in went he And spent. far is day the and evening, toward is it for us: with Abide saying, him, constrained they But
further. gone have would he though as made he and went: they whither village, the unto nigh drew they And
himself. concerning things the scriptures the all in them unto expounded he prophets, the all and Moses at beginning And
glory? his into enter to and things, these suffered have to Christ not Ought
spoken: have prophets the that all believe to heart of slow and fools, O them, unto said he Then
not. saw they him but said: had women the as so even it found and sepulchre, the to went us with were which them of certain And
alive. was he that said which angels, of vision a seen also had they that saying, came, they body, his not found they when And
sepulchre; the at early were which astonished, us made company our of also women certain and Yea,
done. were things these since day third the is day to this, all beside and Israel: redeemed have should which he been had it that trusted we But
him. crucified have and death, to condemned be to him delivered rulers our and priests chief the how And
people: the all and God before word and deed in mighty prophet a was which Nazareth, of Jesus Concerning him, unto said they And things? What them, unto said he And
days? these in there pass to come are which things the known not hast and Jerusalem, in stranger a only thou Art him, unto said answering Cleopas, was name whose them, of one the And
sad? are and walk, ye as another, to one have ye that these are communications of manner What them, unto said he And
him. know not should they that holden were eyes their But
them. with went and near, drew himself Jesus reasoned, and together communed they while that, pass, to came it And
happened. had which things these all of together talked they And
furlongs. threescore about Jerusalem from was which Emmaus, called village a to day same that went them of two behold, And,
pass. to come was which that at himself in wondering departed, and themselves, by laid clothes linen the beheld he down, stooping and sepulchre; the unto ran and Peter, arose Then
not. them believed they and tales, idle as them to seemed words their And
apostles. the unto things these told which them, with were that women other and James, of mother the Mary and Joanna, and Magdalene Mary was It
rest. the all to and eleven, the unto things these all told and sepulchre, the from returned And
words, his remembered they And
again. rise day third the and crucified, be and men, sinful of hands the into delivered be must man of Son The Saying,
Galilee, in yet was he when you unto spake he how remember risen: is but here, not is He
dead? the among living the ye seek Why them, unto said they earth, the to faces their down bowed and afraid, were they as And
garments: shining in them by stood men two behold, thereabout, perplexed much were they as pass, to came it And
Jesus. Lord the of body the not found and in, entered they And
sepulchre. the from away rolled stone the found they And
them. with others certain and prepared, had they which spices the bringing sepulchre, the unto came they morning, the in early very week, the of day first the upon Now
commandment. the to according day sabbath the rested and ointments; and spices prepared and returned, they And
laid. was body his how and sepulchre, the beheld and after, followed Galilee, from him with came which also, women the And
on. drew sabbath the and preparation, the was day that And
laid. was before man never wherein stone, in hewn was that sepulchre a in it laid and linen, in it wrapped and down, it took he And
Jesus. of body the begged and Pilate, unto went man This
God. of kingdom the for waited himself also who Jews: the of city a Arimathaea, of was he them;) of deed and counsel the to consented not had same (The
just: a and man, good a was he and counsellor; a Joseph, named man a was there behold, And,
things. these beholding off, afar stood Galilee, from him followed that women the and acquaintance, his all And
returned. and breasts, their smote done, were which things the beholding sight, that to together came that people the all And
man. righteous a was this Certainly saying, God, glorified he done, was what saw centurion the when Now
ghost. the up gave he thus, said having and spirit: my commend I hands thy into Father, said, he voice, loud a with cried had Jesus when And
midst. the in rent was temple the of veil the and darkened, was sun the And
hour. ninth the until earth the all over darkness a was there and hour, sixth the about was it And
paradise. in me with be thou shalt Today thee, unto say I Verily him, unto said Jesus And
kingdom. thy into comest thou when me remember Lord, Jesus, unto said he And
amiss. nothing done hath man this but deeds: our of reward due the receive we for justly; indeed we And
condemnation? same the in art thou seeing God, fear thou not Dost saying, him, rebuked answering other the But
us. and thyself save Christ, be thou If saying, him, on railed hanged were which malefactors the of one And
. Jews The Of King The Is This Hebrew, and Latin, and Greek, of letters in him over written was also superscription a And
thyself. save Jews, the of king the be thou If saying, And
vinegar, him offering and him, to coming him, mocked also soldiers the And
God. of chosen the Christ, be he if himself, save him let others; saved He saying, him, derided them with also rulers the And beholding. stood people the And
lots. cast and raiment, his parted they And do. they what not know they for them; forgive Father, Jesus, said Then
left. the on other the and hand, right the on one malefactors, the and him, crucified they there Calvary, called is which place, the to come were they when And
death. to put be to him with led malefactors, other, two also were there And
dry? the in done be shall what tree, green a in things these do they if For
us. Cover hills, the to and us; on Fall mountains, the to say to begin they shall Then
suck. gave never which paps the and bare, never that wombs the and barren, the are Blessed say, shall they which the in coming, are days the behold, For,
children. your for and yourselves, for weep but me, for not weep Jerusalem, of Daughters said, them unto turning Jesus But
him. lamented and bewailed also which women, of and people, of company great a him followed there And
Jesus. after it bear might he that cross, the laid they him on and country, the of out coming Cyrenian, a Simon, one upon hold laid they away, him led they as And
will. their to Jesus delivered he but desired; had they whom prison, into cast was murder and sedition for that him them unto released he And
required. they as be should it that sentence gave Pilate And
prevailed. priests chief the of and them of voices the And crucified. be might he that requiring voices, loud with instant were they And
go. him let and him, chastise therefore will I him: in death of cause no found have I done? he hath evil what Why, time, third the them unto said he And
him. crucify him, Crucify saying, cried, they But
them. to again spake Jesus, release to willing therefore, Pilate
prison.) into cast was murder, for and city, the in made sedition certain a for (Who
Barabbas: us unto release and man, this with Away saying, once, at all out cried they And
feast.) the at them unto one release must he necessity of (For
him. release and him, chastise therefore will I
him. unto done is death of worthy nothing lo, and, him; to you sent I for Herod: yet nor No,
him: accuse ye whereof things those touching man this in fault no found have you, before him examined having I, behold, and, people: the perverteth that one as me, unto man this brought have Ye them, unto Said
people, the and rulers the and priests chief the together called had he when Pilate, And
themselves. between enmity at were they before for together: friends made were Herod and Pilate day same the And
Pilate. to again him sent and robe, gorgeous a in him arrayed and him, mocked and nought, at him set war of men his with Herod And
him. accused vehemently and stood scribes and priests chief the And
nothing. him answered he but words; many in him with questioned he Then
him. by done miracle some seen have to hoped he and him; of things many heard had he because season, long a of him see to desirous was he for glad: exceeding was he Jesus, saw Herod when And
time. that at Jerusalem at was also himself who Herod, to him sent he jurisdiction, Herod's unto belonged he that knew he as soon as And
Galilaean. a were man the whether asked he Galilee, of heard Pilate When
place. this to Galilee from beginning Jewry, all throughout teaching people, the up stirreth He saying, fierce, more the were they And
man. this in fault no find I people, the to and priests chief the to Pilate said Then
it. sayest Thou said, and him answered he And Jews? the of King the thou Art saying, him, asked Pilate And
King. a Christ is himself he that saying Caesar, to tribute give to forbidding and nation, the perverting fellow this found We saying, him, accuse to began they And
Pilate. unto him led and arose, them of multitude whole the And
mouth. own his of heard have ourselves we for witness? further any we need What said, they And
am. I that say Ye them, unto said he And God? of Son the then thou Art all, they said Then
God. of power the of hand right the on sit man of Son the shall Hereafter
go. me let nor me, answer not will ye you, ask also I if And
believe: not will ye you, tell I If them, unto said he And us. tell Christ? the thou Art
saying, council, their into him led and together, came scribes the and priests chief the and people the of elders the day, was it as soon as And
him. against they spake blasphemously things other many And
thee? smote that it is who Prophesy, saying, him, asked and face, the on him struck they him, blindfolded had they when And
him. smote and him, mocked Jesus held that men the And
bitterly. wept and out, went Peter And
thrice. me deny shalt thou crow, cock the Before him, unto said had he how Lord, the of word the remembered Peter And Peter. upon looked and turned, Lord the And
crew. cock the spake, yet he while immediately, And sayest. thou what not know I Man, said, Peter And
Galilaean. a is he for him: with was also fellow this truth a Of saying, affirmed, confidently another after hour one of space the about And
not. am I Man, said, Peter And them. of also art Thou said, and him, saw another while little a after And
not. him know I Woman, saying, him, denied he And
him. with also was man This said, and him, upon looked earnestly and fire, the by sat he as him beheld maid certain a But
them. among down sat Peter together, down set were and hall, the of midst the in fire a kindled had they when And
off. afar followed Peter And house. priest's high the into him brought and him, led and him, they took Then
darkness. of power the and hour, your is this but me: against hands no forth stretched ye temple, the in you with daily was I When
staves? and swords with thief, a against as out, come ye Be him, to come were which elders, the and temple, the of captains and priests, chief the unto said Jesus Then
him. healed and ear, his touched he And far. thus ye Suffer said, and answered Jesus And
ear. right his off cut and priest, high the of servant the smote them of one And
sword? the with smite we shall Lord, him, unto said they follow, would what saw him about were which they When
kiss? a with man of Son the thou betrayest Judas, him, unto said Jesus But
him. kiss to Jesus unto near drew and them, before went twelve, the of one Judas, called was that he and multitude, a behold spake, yet he while And
temptation. into enter ye lest pray, and rise ye? sleep Why them, unto said And
sorrow, for sleeping them found he disciples, his to come was and prayer, from up rose he when And
ground. the to down falling blood of drops great were it as was sweat his and earnestly: more prayed he agony an in being And
him. strengthening heaven, from him unto angel an appeared there And
done. be thine, but will, my not nevertheless me: from cup this remove willing, be thou if Father, Saying,
prayed, and down, kneeled and cast, stone's a about them from withdrawn was he And
temptation. into not enter ye that Pray them, unto said he place, the at was he when And
him. followed also disciples his and Olives; of mount the to wont, was he as went, and out, came he And
enough. is It them, unto said he And swords. two are here behold, Lord, said, they And
end. an have me concerning things the for transgressors: the among reckoned was he And me, in accomplished be yet must written is that this that you, unto say I For
one. buy and garment, his sell him let sword, no hath that he and scrip: his likewise and it, take him let purse, a hath that he now, But them, unto he said Then
Nothing. said, they And thing? any ye lacked shoes, and scrip, and purse, without you sent I When them, unto said he And
me. knowest thou that deny thrice shalt thou that before day, this crow not shall cock the Peter, thee, tell I said, he And
death. to and prison, into both thee, with go to ready am I Lord, him, unto said he And
brethren. thy strengthen converted, art thou when and not: fail faith thy that thee, for prayed have I But
wheat: as you sift may he that you, have to desired hath Satan behold, Simon, Simon, said, Lord the And
Israel. of tribes twelve the judging thrones on sit and kingdom, my in table my at drink and eat may ye That
me; unto appointed hath Father my as kingdom, a you unto appoint I And
temptations. my in me with continued have which they are Ye
serveth. that he as you among am I but meat? at sitteth that he not is serveth? that he or meat, at sitteth that he greater, is whether For
serve. doth that he as chief, is that he and younger; the as be him let you, among greatest is that he but so: be not shall ye But
benefactors. called are them upon authority exercise that they and them; over lordship exercise Gentiles the of kings The them, unto said he And
greatest. the accounted be should them of which them, among strife a also was there And
thing. this do should that was it them of which themselves, among enquire to began they And
betrayed! is he whom by man that unto woe but determined: was it as goeth, man of Son the truly And
table. the on me with is me betrayeth that him of hand the behold, But,
you. for shed is which blood, my in testament new the is cup This saying, supper, after cup the also Likewise
me. of remembrance in do this you: for given is which body my is This saying, them, unto gave and it, brake and thanks, gave and bread, took he And
come. shall God of kingdom the until vine, the of fruit the of drink not will I you, unto say I For
yourselves: among it divide and this, Take said, and thanks, gave and cup, the took he And
God. of kingdom the in fulfilled be it until thereof, eat more any not will I you, unto say I For
suffer: I before you with passover this eat to desired have I desire With them, unto said he And
him. with apostles twelve the and down, sat he come, was hour the when And
passover. the ready made they and them: unto said had he as found and went, they And
ready. make there furnished: room upper large a you shew shall he And
disciples? my with passover the eat shall I where guestchamber, the is Where thee, unto saith Master The house, the of goodman the unto say shall ye And
in. entereth he where house the into him follow water; of pitcher a bearing you, meet man a shall there city, the into entered are ye when Behold, them, unto said he And
prepare? we that thou wilt Where him, unto said they And
eat. may we that passover, the us prepare and Go saying, John, and Peter sent he And
killed. be must passover the when bread, unleavened of day the came Then
multitude. the of absence the in them unto him betray to opportunity sought and promised, he And
money. him give to covenanted and glad, were they And
them. unto him betray might he how captains, and priests chief the with communed and way, his went he And
twelve. the of number the of being Iscariot, surnamed Judas into Satan entered Then
people. the feared they for him; kill might they how sought scribes and priests chief the And
Passover. the called is which nigh, drew bread unleavened of feast the Now
him. hear to for temple, the in him to morning the in early came people the all And
Olives. of mount the called is that mount the in abode and out, went he night at and temple; the in teaching was he time day the in And
man. of Son the before stand to and pass, to come shall that things these all escape to worthy accounted be may ye that always, pray and therefore, ye Watch
earth. whole the of face the on dwell that them all on come it shall snare a as For
unawares. you upon come day that so and life, this of cares and drunkenness, and surfeiting, with overcharged be hearts your time any at lest yourselves, to heed take And
away. pass not shall words my but away: pass shall earth and Heaven
fulfilled. be all till away, pass not shall generation This you, unto say I Verily
hand. at nigh is God of kingdom the that ye know pass, to come things these see ye when ye, likewise So
hand. at nigh now is summer that selves own your of know and see ye forth, shoot now they When
trees; the all and tree, fig the Behold parable; a them to spake he And
nigh. draweth redemption your for heads; your up lift and up, look then pass, to come to begin things these when And
glory. great and power with cloud a in coming man of Son the see they shall then And
shaken. be shall heaven of powers the for earth: the on coming are which things those after looking for and fear, for them failing hearts Men's
roaring; waves the and sea the perplexity; with nations, of distress earth the upon and stars; the in and moon, the in and sun, the in signs be shall there And
fulfilled. be Gentiles the of times the until Gentiles, the of down trodden be shall Jerusalem and nations: all into captive away led be shall and sword, the of edge the by fall shall they And
people. this upon wrath and land, the in distress great be shall there for days! those in suck, give that them to and child, with are that them unto woe But
fulfilled. be may written are which things all that vengeance, of days the be these For
thereinto. enter countries the in are that them not let and out; depart it of midst the in are which them let and mountains; the to flee Judaea in are which them let Then
nigh. is thereof desolation the that know then armies, with compassed Jerusalem see shall ye when And
souls. your ye possess patience your In
perish. head your of hair an not shall there But
sake. name's my for men all of hated be shall ye And
death. to put be to cause they shall you of some and friends; and kinsfolks, and brethren, and parents, by both betrayed be shall ye And
resist. nor gainsay to able be not shall adversaries your all which wisdom, and mouth a you give will I For
answer: shall ye what before meditate to not hearts, your in therefore it Settle
testimony. a for you to turn shall it And
sake. name's my for rulers and kings before brought being prisons, into and synagogues, the to up you delivering you, persecute and you, on hands their lay shall they these, all before But
heaven. from be there shall signs great and sights fearful and pestilences; and famines, and places, divers in be shall earthquakes great And
kingdom: against kingdom and nation, against rise shall Nation them, unto he said Then
by. and by not is end the but pass; to come first must things these for terrified: not be commotions, and wars of hear shall ye when But
them. after therefore not ye go near: draweth time the and Christ; am I saying, name, my in come shall many for deceived: not be ye that heed Take said, he And
pass? to come shall things these when be there will sign what and be? things these shall when but Master, saying, him, asked they And
down. thrown be not shall that another, upon stone one left be not shall there which the in come, will days the behold, ye which things these for As
said, he gifts, and stones goodly with adorned was it how temple, the of spake some as And
had. she that living the all in cast hath penury her of she but God: of offerings the unto in cast abundance their of have these all For
all: they than more in cast hath widow poor this that you, unto say I truth a Of said, he And
mites. two thither in casting widow poor certain a also saw he And
treasury. the into gifts their casting men rich the saw and up, looked he And
damnation. greater receive shall same the prayers: long make shew a for and houses, widows' devour Which
feasts; at rooms chief the and synagogues, the in seats highest the and markets, the in greetings love and robes, long in walk to desire which scribes, the of Beware
disciples, his unto said he people the all of audience the in Then
son? his then he is how Lord, him calleth therefore David
footstool. thy enemies thine make I Till
hand, right my on thou Sit Lord, my unto said Lord The Psalms, of book the in saith himself David And
son? David's is Christ that they say How them, unto said he And
all. at question any him ask not durst they that after And
said. well hast thou Master, said, answering scribes the of certain Then
him. unto live all for living: the of but dead, the of God a not is he For
Jacob. of God the and Isaac, of God the and Abraham, of God the Lord the calleth he when bush, the at shewed Moses even raised, are dead the that Now
resurrection. the of children the being God, of children the are and angels; the unto equal are they for more: any die they can Neither
marriage: in given are nor marry, neither dead, the from resurrection the and world, that obtain to worthy accounted be shall which they But
marriage: in given are and marry, world this of children The them, unto said answering Jesus And
wife. to her had seven for she? is them of wife whose resurrection the in Therefore
also. died woman the all of Last
died. and children, no left they and also: seven the manner like in and her; took third the And
childless. died he and wife, to her took second the And
children. without died and wife, a took first the and brethren: seven therefore were There
brother. his unto seed up raise and wife, his take should brother his that children, without die he and wife, a having die, brother man's any If us, unto wrote Moses Master, Saying,
him, asked they and resurrection; any is there that deny which Sadducees, the of certain him to came Then
peace. their held and answer, his at marvelled they and people: the before words his of hold take not could they And
God's. be which things the God unto and Caesar's, be which things the Caesar unto therefore Render them, unto said he And
Caesar's. said, and answered They it? hath superscription and image Whose penny. a me Shew
me? ye tempt Why them, unto said and craftiness, their perceived he But
no? or Caesar, unto tribute give to us for lawful it Is
truly: God of way the teachest but any, of person the thou acceptest neither rightly, teachest and sayest thou that know we Master, saying, him, asked they And
governor. the of authority and power the unto him deliver might they so that words, his of hold take might they that men, just themselves feign should which spies, forth sent and him, watched they And
them. against parable this spoken had he that perceived they for people: the feared they and him; on hands lay to sought hour same the scribes the and priests chief the And
powder. to him grind will it fall, shall it whomsoever on but broken; be shall stone that upon fall shall Whosoever
corner? the of head the become is same the rejected, builders the which stone The written, is that then this is What said, and them, beheld he And
forbid. God said, they it, heard they when And others. to vineyard the give shall and husbandmen, these destroy and come shall He
them? unto do vineyard the of lord the shall therefore What him. killed and vineyard, the of out him cast they So
ours. be may inheritance the that him, kill us let come, heir: the is This saying, themselves, among reasoned they him, saw husbandmen the when But
him. see they when him reverence will they be may it son: beloved my send will I do? I shall What vineyard, the of lord the said Then
out. him cast and also, him wounded they and third: a sent he again And
empty. away him sent and shamefully, him entreated and also, him beat they and servant: another sent he again And
empty. away him sent and him, beat husbandmen the but vineyard: the of fruit the of him give should they that husbandmen, the to servant a sent he season the at And
time. long a for country far a into went and husbandmen, to forth it let and vineyard, a planted man certain A parable; this people the to speak to he began Then
things. these do I authority what by you I tell Neither them, unto said Jesus And
was. it whence tell not could they that answered, they And
prophet. a was John that persuaded be they for us: stone will people the all men; Of say, we if and But
not? him ye believed then Why say, will he heaven; From say, shall we If saying, themselves, with reasoned they And
men? of or heaven, from it was John, of baptism The
me: answer and thing; one you ask also will I them, unto said and answered he And
authority? this thee gave that he is who or things? these thou doest authority what by us, Tell saying, him, unto spake And
elders, the with him upon came scribes the and priests chief the gospel, the preached and temple, the in people the taught he as days, those of one on that pass, to came it And
him. hear to attentive very were people the all for do: might they what find not could And
him, destroy to sought people the of chief the and scribes the and priests chief the But temple. the in daily taught he And
thieves. of den a it made have ye but prayer: of house the is house My written, is It them, unto Saying
bought; that them and therein, sold that them out cast to began and temple, the into went he And
visitation. thy of time the not knewest thou because another; upon stone one thee in leave not shall they and thee; within children thy and ground, the with even thee lay shall And
side, every on in thee keep and round, thee compass and thee, about trench a cast shall enemies thine that thee, upon come shall days the For
eyes. thine from hid are they now but peace! thy unto belong which things the day, thy this in least at thou, even known, hadst thou If Saying,
it, over wept and city, the beheld he near, come was he when And
out. cry immediately would stones the peace, their hold should these if that, you tell I them, unto said and answered he And
disciples. thy rebuke Master, him, unto said multitude the among from Pharisees the of some And
highest. the in glory and heaven, in peace Lord: the of name the in cometh that King the be Blessed Saying,
seen; had they that works mighty the all for voice loud a with God praise and rejoice to began disciples the of multitude whole the Olives, of mount the of descent the at now even nigh, come was he when And
way. the in clothes their spread they went, he as And
thereon. Jesus set they and colt, the upon garments their cast they and Jesus: to him brought they And
him. of need hath Lord The said, they And
colt? the ye loose Why them, unto said thereof owners the colt, the loosing were they as And
them. unto said had he as even found and way, their went sent were that they And
him. of need hath Lord the Because him, unto say ye shall thus him? loose ye do Why you, ask man any if And
hither. him bring and him, loose sat: man never yet whereon tied, colt a find shall ye entering your at which the in you; against over village the into ye Go Saying,
disciples, his of two sent he Olives, of mount the called mount the at Bethany, and Bethphage to nigh come was he when pass, to came it And
Jerusalem. to up ascending before, went he spoken, thus had he when And
me. before them slay and hither, bring them, over reign should I that not would which enemies, mine those But
him. from away taken be shall hath he that even not, hath that him from and given; be shall hath which one every unto That you, unto say I For
pounds.) ten hath he Lord, him, unto said they (And
pounds. ten hath that him to it give and pound, the him from Take by, stood that them unto said he And
usury? with own mine required have might I coming my at that bank, the into money my thou not gavest then Wherefore
sow: not did I that reaping and down, not laid I that up taking man, austere an was I that knewest Thou servant. wicked thou thee, judge I will mouth own thine of Out him, unto saith he And
sow. not didst thou that reapest and down, not layedst thou that up takest thou man: austere an art thou because thee, feared I For
napkin: a in up laid kept have I which pound, thy is here behold, Lord, saying, came, another And
cities. five over also thou Be him, to likewise said he And
pounds. five gained hath pound thy Lord, saying, came, second the And
cities. ten over authority thou have little, very a in faithful been hast thou because servant: good thou Well, him, unto said he And
pounds. ten gained hath pound thy Lord, saying, first, the came Then
trading. by gained had man every much how know might he that money, the given had he whom to him, unto called be to servants these commanded he then kingdom, the received having returned, was he when that pass, to came it And
us. over reign to man this have not will We saying, him, after message a sent and him, hated citizens his But
come. I till Occupy them, unto said and pounds, ten them delivered and servants, ten his called he And
return. to and kingdom, a himself for receive to country far a into went nobleman certain A therefore, said He
appear. immediately should God of kingdom the that thought they because and Jerusalem, to nigh was he because parable, a spake and added he things, these heard they as And
lost. was which that save to and seek to come is man of Son the For
Abraham. of son a is also he as forsomuch house, this to come salvation is day This him, unto said Jesus And
fourfold. him restore I accusation, false by man any from thing any taken have I if and poor; the to give I goods my of half the Lord, Behold, Lord: the unto said and stood, Zacchaeus And
sinner. a is that man a with guest be to gone was he That saying, murmured, all they it, saw they when And
joyfully. him received and down, came and haste, made he And
house. thy at abide must I day to for down; come and haste, make Zacchaeus, him, unto said and him, saw and up, looked he place, the to came Jesus when And
way. that pass to was he for him: see to tree sycomore a into up climbed and before, ran he And
stature. of little was he because press, the for not could and was; he who Jesus see to sought he And
rich. was he and publicans, the among chief the was which Zacchaeus, named man a was there behold, And,
Jericho. through passed and entered Jesus And
God. unto praise gave it, saw they when people, the all and God: glorifying him, followed and sight, his received he immediately And
thee. saved hath faith thy sight: thy Receive him, unto said Jesus And
sight. my receive may I that Lord, said, he And thee? unto do shall I that thou wilt What Saying,
him, asked he near, come was he when and him: unto brought be to him commanded and stood, Jesus And
me. on mercy have David, of son Thou more, the much so cried he but peace: his hold should he that him, rebuked before went which they And
me. on mercy have David, of son thou Jesus, saying, cried, he And
by. passeth Nazareth of Jesus that him, told they And
meant. it what asked he by, pass multitude the hearing And
begging: side way the by sat man blind certain a Jericho, unto nigh come was he as that pass, to came it And
spoken. were which things the they knew neither them, from hid was saying this and things: these of none understood they And
again. rise shall he day third the and death: to him put and him, scourge shall they And
on: spitted and entreated, spitefully and mocked, be shall and Gentiles, the unto delivered be shall he For
accomplished. be shall man of Son the concerning prophets the by written are that things all and Jerusalem, to up go we Behold, them, unto said and twelve, the him unto took he Then
everlasting. life come to world the in and time, present this in more manifold receive not shall Who
sake, God's of kingdom the for children, or wife, or brethren, or parents, or house, left hath that man no is There you, unto say I Verily them, unto said he And
thee. followed and all, left have we Lo, said, Peter Then
God. with possible are men with impossible are which things The said, he And
saved? be can then Who said, it heard that they And
God. of kingdom the into enter to man rich a for than eye, needle's a through go to camel a for easier is it For
God! of kingdom the into enter riches have that they shall hardly How said, he sorrowful, very was he that saw Jesus when And
rich. very was he for sorrowful: very was he this, heard he when And
me. follow come, and heaven: in treasure have shalt thou and poor, the unto distribute and hast, thou that all sell thing: one thou lackest Yet him, unto said he things, these heard Jesus when Now
up. youth my from kept I have these All said, he And
mother. thy and father thy Honour witness, false bear not Do steal, not Do kill, not Do adultery, commit not Do commandments, the knowest Thou
God. is, that one, save good, is none good? me thou callest Why him, unto said Jesus And
life? eternal inherit to do I shall what Master, Good saying, him, asked ruler certain a And
therein. enter wise no in shall child little a as God of kingdom the receive not shall Whosoever you, unto say I Verily
God. of kingdom the is such of for not: them forbid and me, unto come to children little Suffer said, and him, unto them called Jesus But
them. rebuked they it, saw disciples his when but them: touch would he that infants, also him unto brought they And
exalted. be shall himself humbleth that he and abased; be shall himself exalteth that one every for other: the than rather justified house his to down went man this you, tell I
sinner. a me to merciful be God saying, breast, his upon smote but heaven, unto eyes his as much so up lift not would off, afar standing publican, the And
possess. I that all of tithes give I week, the in twice fast I
publican. this as even or adulterers, unjust, extortioners, are, men other as not am I that thee, thank I God, himself, with thus prayed and stood Pharisee The
publican. a other the and Pharisee, a one the pray; to temple the into up went men Two
others: despised and righteous, were they that themselves in trusted which certain unto parable this spake he And
earth? the on faith find he shall cometh, man of Son the when Nevertheless speedily. them avenge will he that you tell I
them? with long bear he though him, unto night and day cry which elect, own his avenge God not shall And
saith. judge unjust the what Hear said, Lord the And
me. weary she coming continual her by lest her, avenge will I me, troubleth widow this because Yet
man; regard nor God, not fear I Though himself, within said he afterward but while: a for not would he And
adversary. mine of me Avenge saying, him, unto came she and city; that in widow a was there And
man: regarded neither God, not feared which judge, a city a in was There Saying,
faint; to not and pray, to always ought men that end, this to them unto parable a spake he And
together. gathered be eagles the will thither is, body the Wheresoever them, unto said he And Lord? Where, him, unto said and answered they And
left. other the and taken, be shall one the field; the in be shall men Two
left. other the and taken, be shall one the together; grinding be shall women Two
left. be shall other the and taken, be shall one the bed; one in men two be shall there night that in you, tell I
it. preserve shall life his lose shall whosoever and it; lose shall life his save to seek shall Whosoever
wife. Lot's Remember
back. return not likewise him let field, the in is that he and away: it take to down come not him let house, the in stuff his and housetop, the upon be shall which he day, that In
revealed. is man of Son the when day the in be it shall thus Even
all. them destroyed and heaven, from brimstone and fire rained it Sodom of out went Lot that day same the But
builded; they planted, they sold, they bought, they drank, they eat, did they Lot; of days the in was it as also Likewise
all. them destroyed and came, flood the and ark, the into entered Noah that day the until marriage, in given were they wives, married they drank, they eat, did They
man. of Son the of days the in also be it shall so Noe, of days the in was it as And
generation. this of rejected be and things, many suffer he must first But
day. his in be man of Son the also shall so heaven; under part other the unto shineth heaven, under part one the of out lighteneth that lightning, the as For
them. follow nor them, after not go there: see or, here; See you, to say shall they And
it. see not shall ye and man, of Son the of days the of one see to desire shall ye when come, will days The disciples, the unto said he And
you. within is God of kingdom the behold, for, there! lo or, here! Lo say, they shall Neither
observation: with not cometh God of kingdom The said, and them answered he come, should God of kingdom the when Pharisees, the of demanded was he when And
whole. thee made hath faith thy way: thy go Arise, him, unto said he And
stranger. this save God, to glory give to returned that found not are There
nine? the are where but cleansed? ten not there Were said, answering Jesus And
Samaritan. a was he and thanks: him giving feet, his at face his on down fell And
God, glorified voice loud a with and back, turned healed, was he that saw he when them, of one And
cleansed. were they went, they as that, pass, to came it And priests. the unto yourselves shew Go them, unto said he them, saw he when And
us. on mercy have Master, Jesus, said, and voices, their up lifted they And
off: afar stood which lepers, were that men ten him met there village, certain a into entered he as And
Galilee. and Samaria of midst the through passed he that Jerusalem, to went he as pass, to came it And
do. to duty our was which that done have we servants: unprofitable are We say, you, commanded are which things those all done have shall ye when ye, likewise So
not. trow I him? commanded were that things the did he because servant that thank he Doth
drink? and eat shalt thou afterward and drunken; and eaten have I till me, serve and thyself, gird and sup, may I wherewith ready Make him, unto say rather not will And
meat? to down sit and Go field, the from come is he when by, and by him unto say will cattle, feeding or plowing servant a having you, of which But
you. obey should it and sea; the in planted thou be and root, the by up plucked thou Be tree, sycamine this unto say might ye seed, mustard of grain a as faith had ye If said, Lord the And
faith. our Increase Lord, the unto said apostles the And
him. forgive shalt thou repent; I saying, thee, to again turn day a in times seven and day, a in times seven thee against trespass he if And
him. forgive repent, he if and him; rebuke thee, against trespass brother thy If yourselves: to heed Take
ones. little these of one offend should he that than sea, the into cast he and neck, his about hanged were millstone a that him for better were It
come! they whom through him, unto woe but come: will offences that but impossible is It disciples, the unto he said Then
dead. the from rose one though persuaded, be they will neither prophets, the and Moses not hear they If him, unto said he And
repent. will they dead, the from them unto went one if but Abraham: father Nay, said, he And
them. hear them let prophets; the and Moses have They him, unto saith Abraham
torment. of place this into come also they lest them, unto testify may he that brethren; five have I For
house: father's my to him send wouldest thou that father, therefore, thee pray I said, he Then
thence. from come would that us, to pass they can neither cannot; you to hence from pass would which they that so fixed: gulf great a is there you and us between this, all beside And
tormented. art thou and comforted, is he now but things: evil Lazarus likewise and things, good thy receivedst lifetime thy in thou that remember Son, said, Abraham But
flame. this in tormented am I for tongue; my cool and water, in finger his of tip the dip may he that Lazarus, send and me, on mercy have Abraham, Father said, and cried he And
bosom. his in Lazarus and off, afar Abraham seeth and torments, in being eyes, his up lift he hell in And
buried; was and died, also man rich the bosom: Abraham's into angels the by carried was and died, beggar the that pass, to came it And
sores. his licked and came dogs the moreover table: man's rich the from fell which crumbs the with fed be to desiring And
sores, of full gate, his at laid was which Lazarus, named beggar certain a was there And
day: every sumptuously fared and linen, fine and purple in clothed was which man, rich certain a was There
adultery. committeth husband her from away put is that her marrieth whosoever and adultery: committeth another, marrieth and wife, his away putteth Whosoever
fail. to law the of tittle one than pass, to earth and heaven for easier is it And
it. into presseth man every and preached, is God of kingdom the time that since John: until were prophets the and law The
God. of sight the in abomination is men among esteemed highly is which that for hearts: your knoweth God but men; before yourselves justify which they are Ye them, unto said he And
him. derided they and things: these all heard covetous, were who also, Pharisees the And
mammon. and God serve cannot Ye other. the despise and one, the to hold will he else or other; the love and one, the hate will he either for masters: two serve can servant No
own? your is which that you give shall who man's, another is which that in faithful been not have ye if And
riches? true the trust your to commit will who mammon, unrighteous the in faithful been not have ye therefore If
much. in also unjust is least the in unjust is that he and much: in also faithful is least is which that in faithful is that He
habitations. everlasting into you receive may they fail, ye when that, unrighteousness; of mammon the of friends yourselves to Make you, unto say I And
light. of children the than wiser generation their in are world this of children the for wisely: done had he because steward, unjust the commended lord the And
fourscore. write and bill, thy Take him, unto said he And wheat. of measures hundred An said, he And thou? owest much how And another, to he said Then
fifty. write and quickly, down sit and bill, thy Take him, unto said he And oil. of measures hundred An said, he And
lord? my unto thou owest much How first, the unto said and him, unto debtors lord's his of one every called he So
houses. their into me receive may they stewardship, the of out put am I when that, do, to what resolved am I
ashamed. am I beg to dig; cannot I stewardship: the me from away taketh lord my for do? I shall What himself, within said steward the Then
steward. longer no be mayest thou for stewardship; thy of account an give thee? of this hear I that it is How him, unto said and him, called he And
goods. his wasted had he that him unto accused was same the and steward; a had which man, rich certain a was There disciples, his unto also said he And
found. is and lost, was and again; alive is and dead, was brother thy this for glad: be and merry, make should we that meet was It
thine. is have I that all and me, with ever art thou Son, him, unto said he And
calf. fatted the him for killed hast thou harlots, with living thy devoured hath which come, was son thy this as soon as But
friends: my with merry make might I that kid, a me gavest never thou yet and commandment: thy time any at I transgressed neither thee, serve I do years many these Lo, father, his to said answering he And
him. intreated and out, father his came therefore in: go not would and angry, was he And
sound. and safe him received hath he because calf, fatted the killed hath father thy and come; is brother Thy him, unto said he And
meant. things these what asked and servants, the of one called he And
dancing. and musick heard he house, the to nigh drew and came he as and field: the in was son elder his Now
merry. be to began they And found. is and lost, was he again; alive is and dead, was son my this For
merry: be and eat, us let and it; kill and calf, fatted the hither bring And
feet: his on shoes and hand, his on ring a put and him; on it put and robe, best the forth Bring servants, his to said father the But
son. thy called be to worthy more no am and sight, thy in and heaven, against sinned have I Father, him, unto said son the And
him. kissed and neck, his on fell and ran, and compassion, had and him, saw father his off, way great a yet was he when But father. his to came and arose, he And
servants. hired thy of one as me make son: thy called be to worthy more no am And
thee, before and heaven, against sinned have I Father, him, unto say will and father, my to go and arise will I
hunger! with perish I and spare, to and enough bread have father's my of servants hired many How said, he himself, to came he when And
him. unto gave man no and eat: did swine the that husks the with belly his filled have fain would he And
swine. feed to fields his into him sent he and country; that of citizen a to himself joined and went he And
want. in be to began he and land; that in famine mighty a arose there all, spent had he when And
living. riotous with substance his wasted there and country, far a into journey his took and together, all gathered son younger the after days many not And
living. his them unto divided he And me. to falleth that goods of portion the me give Father, father, his to said them of younger the And
sons: two had man certain A said, he And
repenteth. that sinner one over God of angels the of presence the in joy is there you, unto say I Likewise,
lost. had I which piece the found have I for me; with Rejoice saying, together, neighbours her and friends her calleth she it, found hath she when And
it? find she till diligently seek and house, the sweep and candle, a light not doth piece, one lose she if silver, of pieces ten having woman what Either
repentance. no need which persons, just nine and ninety over than more repenteth, that sinner one over heaven in be shall joy likewise that you, unto say I
lost. was which sheep my found have I for me; with Rejoice them, unto saying neighbours, and friends his together calleth he home, cometh he when And
rejoicing. shoulders, his on it layeth he it, found hath he when And
it? find he until lost, is which that after go and wilderness, the in nine and ninety the leave not doth them, of one lose he if sheep, hundred an having you, of man What
saying, them, unto parable this spake he And
them. with eateth and sinners, receiveth man This saying, murmured, scribes and Pharisees the And
him. hear to for sinners and publicans the all him unto near drew Then
hear. him let hear, to ears hath that He out. it cast men but dunghill; the for yet nor land, the for fit neither is It
seasoned? be it shall wherewith savour, his lost have salt the if but good: is Salt
disciple. my be cannot he hath, he that all not forsaketh that you of be he whosoever likewise, So
peace. of conditions desireth and ambassage, an sendeth he off, way great a yet is other the while else, Or
thousand? twenty with him against cometh that him meet to thousand ten with able be he whether consulteth and first, down not sitteth king, another against war make to going king, what Or
finish. to able not was and build, to began man This Saying,
him, mock to begin it behold that all it, finish to able not is and foundation, the laid hath he after haply, Lest
it? finish to sufficient have he whether cost, the counteth and first, down not sitteth tower, a build to intending you, of which For
disciple. my be cannot me, after come and cross, his bear not doth whosoever And
disciple. my be cannot he also, life own his and yea, sisters, and brethren, and children, and wife, and mother, and father, his not hate and me, to come man any If
them, unto said and turned, he and him: with multitudes great went there And
supper. my of taste shall bidden were which men those of none That you, unto say I For
filled. be may house my that in, come to them compel and hedges, and highways the into out Go servant, the unto said lord the And
room. is there yet and commanded, hast thou as done is it Lord, said, servant the And
blind. the and halt, the and maimed, the and poor, the hither in bring and city, the of lanes and streets the into quickly out Go servant, his to said angry being house the of master the Then things. these lord his shewed and came, servant that So
come. cannot I therefore and wife, a married have I said, another And
excused. me have thee pray I them: prove to go I and oxen, of yoke five bought have I said, another And
excused. me have thee pray I it: see and go needs must I and ground, of piece a bought have I him, unto said first The excuse. make to began consent one with all they And
ready. now are things all for Come; bidden, were that them to say to time supper at servant his sent And
many: bade and supper, great a made man certain A him, unto he said Then
God. of kingdom the in bread eat shall that he is Blessed him, unto said he things, these heard him with meat at sat that them of one when And
just. the of resurrection the at recompensed be shalt thou for thee: recompense cannot they for blessed; be shalt thou And
blind: the lame, the maimed, the poor, the call feast, a makest thou when But
thee. made be recompence a and again, thee bid also they lest neighbours; rich thy nor kinsmen, thy neither brethren, thy nor friends, thy not call supper, a or dinner a makest thou When him, bade that him to also he said Then
exalted. be shall himself humbleth that he and abased; be shall himself exalteth whosoever For
thee. with meat at sit that them of presence the in worship have thou shalt then higher: up go Friend, thee, unto say may he cometh, thee bade that he when that room; lowest the in down sit and go bidden, art thou when But
room. lowest the take to shame with begin thou and place; man this Give thee, to say and come him and thee bade that he And
him; of bidden be thou than man honourable more a lest room; highest the in down not sit wedding, a to man any of bidden art thou When
them. unto saying rooms; chief the out chose they how marked he when bidden, were which those to parable a forth put he And
things. these to again him answer not could they And
day? sabbath the on out him pull straightway not will and pit, a into fallen ox an or ass an have shall you of Which saying, them, answered And
go; him let and him, healed and him, took he And peace. their held they And
day? sabbath the on heal to lawful it Is saying, Pharisees, and lawyers the unto spake answering Jesus And
dropsy. the had which him before man certain a was there behold, And,
him. watched they that day, sabbath the on bread eat to Pharisees chief the of one of house the into went he as pass, to came it And
Lord. the of name the in cometh that he is Blessed say, shall ye when come time the until me, see not shall Ye you, unto say I verily and desolate: you unto left is house your Behold,
not! would ye and wings, her under brood her gather doth hen a as together, children thy gathered have I would often how thee; unto sent are that them stonest and prophets, the killest which Jerusalem, Jerusalem, O
Jerusalem. of out perish prophet a that be cannot it for following: day the and morrow, to and day, to walk must I Nevertheless
perfected. be shall I day third the and morrow, to and day to cures do I and devils, out cast I Behold, fox, that tell and ye, Go them, unto said he And
thee. kill will Herod for hence: depart and out, thee Get him, unto saying Pharisees, the of certain came there day same The
last. be shall which first are there and first, be shall which last are there behold, And,
God. of kingdom the in down sit shall and south, the from and north, the from and west, the from and east, the from come shall they And
out. thrust yourselves you and God, of kingdom the in prophets, the all and Jacob, and Isaac, and Abraham, see shall ye when teeth, of gnashing and weeping be shall There
iniquity. of workers ye all me, from depart are; ye whence not you know I you, tell I say, shall he But
streets. our in taught hast thou and presence, thy in drunk and eaten have We say, to begin ye shall Then
are: ye whence not you know I you, unto say and answer shall he and us; unto open Lord, Lord, saying, door, the at knock to and without, stand to begin ye and door, the to shut hath and up, risen is house the of master the once When
able. be not shall and in, enter to seek will you, unto say I many, for gate: strait the at in enter to Strive
them, unto said he And saved? be that few there are Lord, him, unto one said Then
Jerusalem. toward journeying and teaching, villages, and cities the through went he And
leavened. was whole the till meal, of measures three in hid and took woman a which leaven, like is It
God? of kingdom the liken I shall Whereunto said, he again And
it. of branches the in lodged air the of fowls the and tree; great a waxed and grew, it and garden; his into cast and took, man a which seed, mustard of grain a like is It
it? resemble I shall whereunto and like? God of kingdom the is what Unto he, said Then
him. by done were that things glorious the all for rejoiced people the all and ashamed: were adversaries his all things, these said had he when And
day? sabbath the on bond this from loosed be years, eighteen these lo, bound, hath Satan whom Abraham, of daughter a being woman, this not ought And
watering? to away him lead and stall, the from ass his or ox his loose sabbath the on you of one each not doth hypocrite, Thou said, and him, answered then Lord The
day. sabbath the on not and healed, be and come therefore them in work: to ought men which in days six are There people, the unto said and day, sabbath the on healed had Jesus that because indignation, with answered synagogue the of ruler the And
God. glorified and straight, made was she immediately and her: on hands his laid he And
infirmity. thine from loosed art thou Woman, her, unto said and him, to her called he her, saw Jesus when And
herself. up lift wise no in could and together, bowed was and years, eighteen infirmity of spirit a had which woman a was there behold, And,
sabbath. the on synagogues the of one in teaching was he And
down. it cut shalt thou that after then not, if and well: fruit, bear it if And
it: dung and it, about dig shall I till also, year this alone it let Lord, him, unto said answering he And
ground? the it cumbereth why down; it cut none: find and tree, fig this on fruit seeking come I years three these Behold, vineyard, his of dresser the unto he said Then
none. found and thereon, fruit sought and came he and vineyard; his in planted tree fig a had man certain A parable; this also spake He
perish. likewise all shall ye repent, ye except but, Nay: you, tell I
Jerusalem? in dwelt that men all above sinners were they that ye think them, slew and fell, Siloam in tower the whom upon eighteen, those Or
perish. likewise all shall ye repent, ye except but, Nay: you, tell I
things? such suffered they because Galilaeans, the all above sinners were Galilaeans these that ye Suppose them, unto said answering Jesus And
sacrifices. their with mingled had Pilate blood whose Galilaeans, the of him told that some season that at present were There
mite. last very the paid hast thou till thence, depart not shalt thou thee, tell I
prison. into thee cast officer the and officer, the to thee deliver judge the and judge, the to thee hale he lest him; from delivered be mayest thou that diligence give way, the in art thou as magistrate, the to adversary thine with goest thou When
right? is what not ye judge yourselves of even why and Yea,
time? this discern not do ye that it is how but earth; the of and sky the of face the discern can ye hypocrites, Ye
pass. to cometh it and heat; be will There say, ye blow, wind south the see ye when And
is. it so and shower; a cometh There say, ye straightway west, the of out rise cloud a see ye When people, the to also said he And
law. in mother her against law in daughter the and law, in daughter her against law in mother the mother; the against daughter the and daughter, the against mother the father; the against son the and son, the against divided be shall father The
three. against two and two, against three divided, house one in five be shall there henceforth from For
division: rather but Nay; you, tell I earth? on peace give to come am I that ye Suppose
accomplished! be it till straitened I am how and with; baptized be to baptism a have I But
kindled? already be it if I, will what and earth; the on fire send to come am I
more. the ask will they him of much, committed have men whom to and required: much be shall him of given, is much whomsoever unto For stripes. few with beaten be shall stripes, of worthy things commit did and not, knew that he But
stripes. many with beaten be shall will, his to according did neither himself, not prepared and will, lord's his knew which servant, that And
unbelievers. the with portion his him appoint will and sunder, in him cut will and aware, not is he when hour an at and him, for not looketh he when day a in come will servant that of lord The
drunken; be to and drink, and eat to and maidens, and menservants the beat to begin shall and coming; his delayeth lord My heart, his in say servant that if and But
hath. he that all over ruler him make will he that you, unto say I truth a Of
doing. so find shall cometh he when lord his whom servant, that is Blessed
season? due in meat of portion their them give to household, his over ruler make shall lord his whom steward, wise and faithful that is then Who said, Lord the And
all? to even or us, unto parable this thou speakest Lord, him, unto said Peter Then
not. think ye when hour an at cometh man of Son the for also: ready therefore ye Be
through. broken be to house his suffered have not and watched, have would he come, would thief the hour what known had house the of goodman the if that know, this And
servants. those are blessed so, them find and watch, third the in come or watch, second the in come shall he if And
them. serve and forth come will and meat, to down sit to them make and himself, gird shall he that you, unto say I verily watching: find shall cometh he when lord the whom servants, those are Blessed
immediately. him unto open may they knocketh, and cometh he when that wedding; the from return will he when lord, their for wait that men unto like yourselves ye And
burning; lights your and about, girded be loins your Let
also. be heart your will there is, treasure your where For
corrupteth. moth neither approacheth, thief no where not, faileth that heavens the in treasure a old, not wax which bags yourselves provide alms; give and have, ye that Sell
kingdom. the you give to pleasure good Father's your is it for flock; little not, Fear
you. unto added be shall things these all and God; of kingdom the ye seek rather But
things. these of need have ye that knoweth Father your and after: seek world the of nations the do things these all For
mind. doubtful of ye be neither drink, shall ye what or eat, shall ye what ye not seek And
faith? little of ye O you, clothe he will more much how oven; the into cast is morrow to and field, the in day to is which grass, the clothe so God then If
these. of one like arrayed not was glory his all in Solomon that you, unto say I yet and not; spin they not, toil they grow: they how lilies the Consider
rest? the for thought ye take why least, is which thing that do to able not be then ye If
cubit? one stature his to add can thought taking with you of which And
fowls? the than better ye are more much how them: feedeth God and barn; nor storehouse have neither which reap; nor sow neither they for ravens: the Consider
raiment. than more is body the and meat, than more is life The
on. put shall ye what body, the for neither eat; shall ye what life, your for thought no Take you, unto say I Therefore disciples, his unto said he And
God. toward rich not is and himself, for treasure up layeth that he is So
provided? hast thou which be, things those shall whose then thee: of required be shall soul thy night this fool, Thou him, unto said God But
merry. be and drink, eat, ease, thine take years; many for up laid goods much hast thou Soul, soul, my to say will I And
goods. my and fruits my all bestow I will there and greater; build and barns, my down pull will I do: I will This said, he And
fruits? my bestow to where room no have I because do, I shall What saying, himself, within thought he And
plentifully: forth brought man rich certain a of ground The saying, them, unto parable a spake he And
possesseth. he which things the of abundance the in not consisteth life man's a for covetousness: of beware and heed, Take them, unto said he And
you? over divider a or judge a me made who Man, him, unto said he And
me. with inheritance the divide he that brother, my to speak Master, him, unto said company the of one And
say. to ought ye what hour same the in you teach shall Ghost Holy the For
say: shall ye what or answer, shall ye thing what or how thought no ye take powers, and magistrates, unto and synagogues, the unto you bring they when And
forgiven. be not shall it Ghost Holy the against blasphemeth that him unto but him: forgiven be shall it man, of Son the against word a speak shall whosoever And
God. of angels the before denied be shall men before me denieth that he But
God: of angels the before confess also man of Son the shall him men, before me confess shall Whosoever you, unto say I Also
sparrows. many than value more of are ye therefore: not Fear numbered. all are head your of hairs very the even But
God? before forgotten is them of one not and farthings, two for sold sparrows five not Are
him. Fear you, unto say I yea, hell; into cast to power hath killed hath he after which him, Fear fear: shall ye whom you forewarn will I But
do. can they that more no have that after and body, the kill that them of afraid not Be friends, my you unto say I And
housetops. the upon proclaimed be shall closets in ear the in spoken have ye which that and light; the in heard be shall darkness in spoken have ye whatsoever Therefore
known. be not shall that hid, neither revealed; be not shall that covered, nothing is there For
hypocrisy. is which Pharisees, the of leaven the of ye Beware all, of first disciples his unto say to began he another, upon one trode they that insomuch people, of multitude innumerable an together gathered were there when time, mean the In
him. accuse might they that mouth, his of out something catch to seeking and him, for wait Laying
things: many of speak to him provoke to and vehemently, him urge to began Pharisees the and scribes the them, unto things these said he as And
hindered. ye in entering were that them and yourselves, in not entered ye knowledge: of key the away taken have ye for lawyers! you, unto Woe
generation. this of required be shall It you, unto say I verily temple: the and altar the between perished which Zacharias of blood the unto Abel of blood the From
generation; this of required be may world, the of foundation the from shed was which prophets, the all of blood the That
persecute: and slay shall they them of some and apostles, and prophets them send will I God, of wisdom the said also Therefore
sepulchres. their build ye and them, killed indeed they for fathers: your of deeds the allow ye that witness bear ye Truly
them. killed fathers your and prophets, the of sepulchres the build ye for you! unto Woe
fingers. your of one with burdens the not touch yourselves ye and borne, be to grievous burdens with men lade ye for lawyers! ye also, you unto Woe said, he And
also. us reproachest thou saying thus Master, him, unto said and lawyers, the of one answered Then
them. of aware not are them over walk that men the and not, appear which graves as are ye for hypocrites! Pharisees, and scribes you, unto Woe
markets. the in greetings and synagogues, the in seats uppermost the love ye for Pharisees! you, unto Woe
undone. other the leave to not and done, have to ye ought these God: of love the and judgment over pass and herbs, of manner all and rue and mint tithe ye for Pharisees! you, unto woe But
you. unto clean are things all behold, and, have; ye as things such of alms give rather But
also? within is which that make without is which that made that he not did fools, Ye
wickedness. and ravening of full is part inward your but platter; the and cup the of outside the clean make Pharisees ye do Now him, unto said Lord the And
dinner. before washed first not had he that marvelled he it, saw Pharisee the when And
meat. to down sat and in, went he and him: with dine to him besought Pharisee certain a spake, he as And
light. thee give doth candle a of shining bright the when as light, of full be shall whole the dark, part no having light, of full be therefore body whole thy If
darkness. not be thee in is which light the that therefore heed Take
darkness. of full is also body thy evil, is eye thine when but light; of full is also body whole thy single, is eye thine when therefore eye: the is body the of light The
light. the see may in come which they that candlestick, a on but bushel, a under neither place, secret a in it putteth candle, a lighted hath he when man, No
here. is Jonas than greater a behold, and, Jonas; of preaching the at repented they for it: condemn shall and generation, this with judgment the in up rise shall Nineve of men The
here. is Solomon than greater a behold, and, Solomon; of wisdom the hear to earth the of parts utmost the from came she for them: condemn and generation, this of men the with judgment the in up rise shall south the of queen The
generation. this to be man of Son the also shall so Ninevites, the unto sign a was Jonas as For
prophet. the Jonas of sign the but it, given be sign no shall there and sign; a seek they generation: evil an is This say, to began he together, thick gathered were people the when And
it. keep and God, of word the hear that they are blessed rather, Yea said, he But
sucked. hast thou which paps the and thee, bare that womb the is Blessed him, unto said and voice, her up lifted company the of woman certain a things, these spake he as pass, to came it And
first. the than worse is man that of state last the and there: dwell and in, enter they and himself; than wicked more spirits other seven him to taketh and he, goeth Then
garnished. and swept it findeth he cometh, he when And
out. came I whence house my unto return will I saith, he none, finding and rest; seeking places, dry through walketh he man, a of out gone is spirit unclean the When
scattereth. me with not gathereth that he and me: against is me with not is that He
spoils. his divideth and trusted, he wherein armour his all him from taketh he him, overcome and him, upon come shall he than stronger a when But
peace: in are goods his palace, his keepeth armed man strong a When
you. upon come is God of kingdom the doubt no devils, out cast God of finger the with I if But
judges. your be they shall therefore out? them cast sons your do whom by devils, out cast Beelzebub by I if And
Beelzebub. through devils out cast I that say ye because stand? kingdom his shall how himself, against divided be also Satan If
falleth. house a against divided house a and desolation; to brought is itself against divided kingdom Every them, unto said thoughts, their knowing he, But
heaven. from sign a him of sought him, tempting others, And
devils. the of chief the Beelzebub through devils out casteth He said, them of some But
wondered. people the and spake; dumb the out, gone was devil the when pass, to came it And dumb. was it and devil, a out casting was he And
him? ask that them to Spirit Holy the give Father heavenly your shall more much how children: your unto gifts good give to how know evil, being then, ye If
scorpion? a him offer he will egg, an ask shall he if Or
serpent? a him give fish a for he will fish, a ask he if or stone? a him give he will father, a is that you of any of bread ask shall son a If
opened. be shall it knocketh that him to and findeth; seeketh that he and receiveth; asketh that one every For
you. unto opened be shall it and knock, find; shall ye and seek, you; given be shall it and Ask, you, unto say I And
needeth. he as many as him give and rise will he importunity his of because yet friend, his is he because him, give and rise not will he Though you, unto say I
thee. give and rise cannot I bed; in me with are children my and shut, now is door the not: me Trouble say, and answer shall within from he And
him? before set to nothing have I and me, to come is journey his in mine of friend a For
loaves; three me lend Friend, him, unto say and midnight, at him unto go shall and friend, a have shall you of Which them, unto said he And
evil. from us deliver but temptation; into not us lead And us. to indebted is that one every forgive also we for sins; our us forgive And
bread. daily our day by day us Give
earth. in so heaven, in as done, be will Thy come. kingdom Thy name. thy be Hallowed heaven, in art which Father Our say, pray, ye When them, unto said he And
disciples. his taught also John as pray, to us teach Lord, him, unto said disciples his of one ceased, he when place, certain a in praying was he as that, pass, to came it And
her. from away taken be not shall which part, good that chosen hath Mary and needful: is thing one But
things: many about troubled and careful art thou Martha, Martha, her, unto said and answered Jesus And
me. help she that therefore her bid alone? serve to me left hath sister my that care not thou dost Lord, said, and him, to came and serving, much about cumbered was Martha But
word. his heard and feet, Jesus' at sat also which Mary, called sister a had she And
house. her into him received Martha named woman certain a and village: certain a into entered he that went, they as pass, to came it Now
likewise. thou do and Go, him, unto Jesus said Then him. on mercy shewed that He said, he And
thieves? the among fell that him unto neighbour was thou, thinkest three, these of now Which
thee. repay will I again, come I when more, spendest thou whatsoever and him; of care Take him, unto said and host, the to them gave and pence, two out took he departed, he when morrow the on And
him. of care took and inn, an to him brought and beast, own his on him set and wine, and oil in pouring wounds, his up bound and him, to went And
him, on compassion had he him, saw he when and was: he where came journeyed, he as Samaritan, certain a But
side. other the on by passed and him, on looked and came place, the at was he when Levite, a likewise And
side. other the on by passed he him, saw he when and way: that priest certain a down came there chance by And
dead. half him leaving departed, and him, wounded and raiment, his of him stripped which thieves, among fell and Jericho, to Jerusalem from down went man certain A said, answering Jesus And
neighbour? my is who And Jesus, unto said himself, justify to willing he, But
live. shalt thou and do, this right: answered hast Thou him, unto said he And
thyself. as neighbour thy and mind; thy all with and strength, thy all with and soul, thy all with and heart, thy all with God thy Lord the love shalt Thou said, answering he And
thou? readest how law? the in written is What him, unto said He
life? eternal inherit to do I shall what Master, saying, him, tempted and up, stood lawyer certain a behold, And,
them. heard not have and hear, ye which things those hear to and them; seen not have and see, ye which things those see to desired have kings and prophets many that you, tell I For
see: ye that things the see which eyes the are Blessed privately, said and disciples, his unto him turned he And
him. reveal will Son the whom to he and Son, the but is, Father the who and Father; the but is, Son the who knoweth man no and Father: my of me to delivered are things All
sight. thy in good seemed it so for Father; so, even babes: unto them revealed hast and prudent, and wise the from things these hid hast thou that earth, and heaven of Lord Father, O thee, thank I said, and spirit, in rejoiced Jesus hour that In
heaven. in written are names your because rejoice, rather but you; unto subject are spirits the that not, rejoice this in Notwithstanding
you. hurt means any by shall nothing and enemy: the of power the all over and scorpions, and serpents on tread to power you unto give I Behold,
heaven. from fall lightning as Satan beheld I them, unto said he And
name. thy through us unto subject are devils the even Lord, saying, joy, with again returned seventy the And
me. sent that him despiseth me despiseth that he and me; despiseth you despiseth that he and me; heareth you heareth that He
hell. to down thrust be shalt heaven, to exalted art which Capernaum, thou, And
you. for than judgment, the at Sidon and Tyre for tolerable more be shall it But
ashes. and sackcloth in sitting repented, ago while great a had they you, in done been have which Sidon, and Tyre in done been had works mighty the if for Bethsaida! thee, unto woe Chorazin! thee, unto Woe
city. that for than Sodom, for day that in tolerable more be shall it that you, unto say I But
you. unto nigh come is God of kingdom the that this, of sure ye be notwithstanding you: against off wipe do we us, on cleaveth which city, your of dust very the Even
say, and same, the of streets the into out ways your go not, you receive they and enter, ye city whatsoever into But
you. unto nigh come is God of kingdom The them, unto say and therein, are that sick the heal And
you: before set are as things such eat you, receive they and enter, ye city whatsoever into And
house. to house from not Go hire. his of worthy is labourer the for give: they as things such drinking and eating remain, house same the in And
again. you to turn shall it not, if it: upon rest shall peace your there, be peace of son the if And
house. this to be Peace say, first enter, ye house whatsoever into And
way. the by man no salute and shoes: nor scrip, nor purse, neither Carry
wolves. among lambs as forth you send I behold, ways: your Go
harvest. his into labourers forth send would he that harvest, the of Lord the therefore ye pray few: are labourers the but great, is truly harvest The them, unto he said Therefore
come. would himself he whither place, and city every into face his before two and two them sent and also, seventy other appointed Lord the things these After
God. of kingdom the for fit is back, looking and plough, the to hand his put having man, No him, unto said Jesus And
house. my at home at are which farewell, them bid go first me let but thee; follow will I Lord, said, also another And
God. of kingdom the preach and thou go but dead: their bury dead the Let him, unto said Jesus
father. my bury and go to first me suffer Lord, said, he But me. Follow another, unto said he And
head. his lay to where not hath man of Son the but nests; have air the of birds and holes, have Foxes him, unto said Jesus And
goest. thou whithersoever thee follow will I Lord, him, unto said man certain a way, the in went they as that, pass, to came it And
village. another to went they And them. save to but lives, men's destroy to come not is man of Son the For
of. are ye spirit of manner what not know Ye said, and them, rebuked and turned, he But
did? Elias as even them, consume and heaven, from down come to fire command we that thou wilt Lord, said, they this, saw John and James disciples his when And
Jerusalem. to go would he though as was face his because him, receive not did they And
him. for ready make to Samaritans, the of village a into entered and went, they and face: his before messengers sent And
Jerusalem, to go to face his set stedfastly he up, received be should he that come was time the when pass, to came it And
us. for is us against not is that he for not: him Forbid him, unto said Jesus And
us. with not followeth he because him, forbad we and name; thy in devils out casting one saw we Master, said, and answered John And
great. be shall same the all, you among least is that he for me: sent that him receiveth me receive shall whosoever and me: receiveth name my in child this receive shall Whosoever them, unto said And
him, by him set and child, a took heart, their of thought the perceiving Jesus, And
greatest. be should them of which them, among reasoning a arose there Then
saying. that of him ask to feared they and not: it perceived they that them, from hid was it and saying, this not understood they But
men. of hands the into delivered be shall man of Son the for ears: your into down sink sayings these Let
disciples, his unto said he did, Jesus which things all at one every wondered they while But God. of power mighty the at amazed all were they And
father. his to again him delivered and child, the healed and spirit, unclean the rebuked Jesus And him. tare and down, him threw devil the coming, a yet was he as And
hither. son thy Bring you? suffer and you, with be I shall long how generation, perverse and faithless O said, answering Jesus And
not. could they and out; him cast to disciples thy besought I And
him. from departeth hardly him bruising and again, foameth he that him teareth it and out; crieth suddenly he and him, taketh spirit a lo, And,
child. only mine is he for son: my upon look thee, beseech I Master, saying, out, cried company the of man a behold, And,
him. met people much hill, the from down come were they when day, next the on that pass, to came it And
seen. had they which things those of any days those in man no told and close, it kept they And alone. found was Jesus past, was voice the when And
him. hear Son: beloved my is This saying, cloud, the of out voice a came there And
cloud. the into entered they as feared they and them: overshadowed and cloud, a came there spake, thus he While
said. he what knowing not Elias: for one and Moses, for one and thee, for one tabernacles; three make us let and here: be to us for good is it Master, Jesus, unto said Peter him, from departed they as pass, to came it And
him. with stood that men two the and glory, his saw they awake, were they when and sleep: with heavy were him with were that they and Peter But
Jerusalem. at accomplish should he which decease his of spake and glory, in appeared Who
Elias: and Moses were which men, two him with talked there behold, And,
glistering. and white was raiment his and altered, was countenance his of fashion the prayed, he as And
pray. to mountain a into up went and James, and John and Peter took he sayings, these after days eight an about pass to came it And
God. of kingdom the see they till death, of taste not shall which here, standing some be there truth, a of you tell I But
angels. holy the of and Father's, his in and glory, own his in come shall he when ashamed, be man of Son the shall him of words, my of and me of ashamed be shall whosoever For
away? cast be or himself, lose and world, whole the gain he if advantaged, man a is what For
it. save shall same the sake, my for life his lose will whosoever but it: lose shall life his save will whosoever For
me. follow and daily, cross his up take and himself, deny him let me, after come will man any If all, them to said he And
day. third the raised be and slain, be and scribes, and priests chief and elders the of rejected be and things, many suffer must man of Son The Saying,
thing; that man no tell to them commanded and them, charged straitly he And
God. of Christ The said, answering Peter am? I that ye say whom But them, unto said He
again. risen is prophets old the of one that say, others and Elias; say, some but Baptist; the John said, answering They
am? I that people the say Whom saying, them, asked he and him: with were disciples his praying, alone was he as pass, to came it And
baskets. twelve them to remained that fragments of up taken was there and filled: all were and eat, did they And
multitude. the before set to disciples the to gave and brake, and them, blessed he heaven, to up looking and fishes, two the and loaves five the took he Then
down. sit all them made and so, did they And
company. a in fifties by down sit them Make disciples, his to said he And men. thousand five about were they For
people. this all for meat buy and go should we except fishes; two and loaves five but more no have We said, they And eat. to them ye Give them, unto said he But
place. desert a in here are we for victuals: get and lodge, and about, round country and towns the into go may they that away, multitude the Send him, unto said and twelve, the came then away, wear to began day the when And
healing. of need had that them healed and God, of kingdom the of them unto spake and them, received he and him: followed it, knew they when people, the And
Bethsaida. called city the to belonging place desert a into privately aside went and them, took he And done. had they that all him told returned, were they when apostles, the And
him. see to desired he And things? such hear I whom of this, is who but beheaded: I have John said, Herod And
again. risen was prophets old the of one that others, of and appeared; had Elias that some, of And
dead; the from risen was John that some, of said was it that because perplexed, was he and him: by done was that all of heard tetrarch the Herod Now
where. every healing and gospel, the preaching towns, the through went and departed, they And
them. against testimony a for feet your from dust very the off shake city, that of out go ye when you, receive not will whosoever And
depart. thence and abide, there into, enter ye house whatsoever And
apiece. coats two have neither money; neither bread, neither scrip, nor staves, neither journey, your for nothing Take them, unto said he And
sick. the heal to and God, of kingdom the preach to them sent he And
diseases. cure to and devils, all over authority and power them gave and together, disciples twelve his called he Then
done. was what man no tell should they that them charged he but astonished: were parents her And
meat. her give to commanded he and straightway: arose she and again, came spirit her And
arise. Maid, saying, called, and hand, the by her took and out, all them put he And
dead. was she that knowing scorn, to him laughed they And
sleepeth. but dead, not is she not; Weep said, he but her: bewailed and wept, all And
maiden. the of mother the and father the and John, and James, and Peter, save in, go to man no suffered he house, the into came he when And
whole. made be shall she and only, believe not: Fear saying, him, answered he it, heard Jesus when But
Master. the not trouble dead; is daughter Thy him, to saying house, synagogue's the of ruler the from one cometh there spake, yet he While
peace. in go whole; thee made hath faith thy comfort: good of be Daughter, her, unto said he And
immediately. healed was she how and him, touched had she cause what for people the all before him unto declared she him, before down falling and trembling, came she hid, not was she that saw woman the when And
me. of out gone is virtue that perceive I for me: touched hath Somebody said, Jesus And
me? touched Who thou, sayest and thee, press and thee throng multitude the Master, said, him with were that they and Peter denied, all When me? touched Who said, Jesus And
stanched. blood of issue her immediately and garment: his of border the touched and him, behind Came
any, of healed be could neither physicians, upon living her all spent had which years, twelve blood of issue an having woman a And
him. thronged people the went he as But dying. a lay she and age, of years twelve about daughter, only one had he For
house: his into come would he that him besought and feet, Jesus' at down fell he and synagogue: the of ruler a was he and Jairus, named man a came there behold, And,
him. for waiting all were they for him: received gladly people the returned, was Jesus when that, pass, to came it And
him. unto done had Jesus things great how city whole the throughout published and way, his went he And thee. unto done hath God things great how shew and house, own thine to Return
saying, away, him sent Jesus but him: with be might he that him besought departed were devils the whom of out man the Now
again. back returned and ship, the into up went he and fear: great with taken were they for them; from depart to him besought about round Gadarenes the of country the of multitude whole the Then
healed. was devils the of possessed was that he means what by them told it saw which also They
afraid. were they and mind: right his in and clothed, Jesus, of feet the at sitting departed, were devils the whom of out man, the found and Jesus, to came and done; was what see to out went they Then
country. the in and city the in it told and went and fled, they done, was what saw them fed that they When
choked. were and lake, the into place steep a down violently ran herd the and swine: the into entered and man, the of out devils the went Then
them. suffered he And them. into enter to them suffer would he that him besought they and mountain: the on feeding swine many of herd an there was there And
deep. the into out go to them command not would he that him besought they And
him. into entered were devils many because Legion: said, he And name? thy is What saying, him, asked Jesus And
wilderness.) the into devil the of driven was and bands, the brake he and fetters; in and chains with bound kept was he and him: caught had it oftentimes For man. the of out come to spirit unclean the commanded had he (For
not. me torment thee, beseech I high? most God of Son thou Jesus, thee, with do to I have What said, voice loud a with and him, before down fell and out, cried he Jesus, saw he When
tombs. the in but house, any in abode neither clothes, no ware and time, long devils had which man, certain a city the of out him met there land, to forth went he when And
Galilee. against over is which Gadarenes, the of country the at arrived they And
him. obey they and water, and winds the even commandeth he for this! is man of manner What another, to one saying wondered, afraid being they And faith? your is Where them, unto said he And
calm. a was there and ceased, they and water: the of raging the and wind the rebuked and arose, he Then perish. we master, Master, saying, him, awoke and him, to came they And
jeopardy. in were and water, with filled were they and lake; the on wind of storm a down came there and asleep: fell he sailed they as But
forth. launched they And lake. the of side other the unto over go us Let them, unto said he and disciples: his with ship a into went he that day, certain a on pass to came it Now
it. do and God, of word the hear which these are brethren my and mother My them, unto said and answered he And
thee. see to desiring without, stand brethren thy and mother Thy said, which certain by him told was it And
press. the for him at come not could and brethren, his and mother his him to came Then
have. to seemeth he which that even taken be shall him from not, hath whosoever and given; be shall him to hath, whosoever for hear: ye how therefore heed Take
abroad. come and known be not shall that hid, thing any neither manifest; made be not shall that secret, is nothing For
light. the see may in enter which they that candlestick, a on it setteth but bed; a under it putteth or vessel, a with it covereth candle, a lighted hath he when man, No
patience. with fruit forth bring and it, keep word, the heard having heart, good and honest an in which they, are ground good the on that But
perfection. to fruit no bring and life, this of pleasures and riches and cares with choked are and forth, go heard, have they when which, they, are thorns among fell which that And
away. fall temptation of time in and believe, while a for which root, no have these and joy; with word the receive hear, they when which, they, are rock the on They
saved. be and believe should they lest hearts, their of out word the away taketh and devil, the cometh then hear; that they are side way the by Those
God. of word the is seed The this: is parable the Now
understand. not might they hearing and see, not might they seeing that parables; in others to but God: of kingdom the of mysteries the know to given is it you Unto said, he And
be? parable this might What saying, him, asked disciples his And
hear. him let hear, to ears hath that He cried, he things, these said had he when And hundredfold. an fruit bare and up, sprang and ground, good on fell other And
it. choked and it, with up sprang thorns the and thorns; among fell some And
moisture. lacked it because away, withered it up, sprung was it as soon as and rock; a upon fell some And
it. devoured air the of fowls the and down, trodden was it and side; way the by fell some sowed, he as and seed: his sow to out went sower A
parable: a by spake he city, every of out him to come were and together, gathered were people much when And
substance. their of him unto ministered which others, many and Susanna, and steward, Herod's Chuza of wife the Joanna And
devils, seven went whom of out Magdalene, called Mary infirmities, and spirits evil of healed been had which women, certain And
him, with were twelve the and God: of kingdom the of tidings glad the shewing and preaching village, and city every throughout went he that afterward, pass to came it And
peace. in go thee; saved hath faith Thy woman, the to said he And
also? sins forgiveth that this is Who themselves, within say to began him with meat at sat that they And
forgiven. are sins Thy her, unto said he And
little. loveth same the forgiven, is little whom to but much: loved she for forgiven; are many, are which sins, Her thee, unto say I Wherefore
ointment. with feet my anointed hath woman this but anoint: not didst thou oil with head My
feet. my kiss to ceased not hath in came I time the since woman this but kiss: no me gavest Thou
head. her of hairs the with them wiped and tears, with feet my washed hath she but feet: my for water no me gavest thou house, thine into entered I woman? this thou Seest Simon, unto said and woman, the to turned he And
judged. rightly hast Thou him, unto said he And most. forgave he whom to he, that suppose I said, and answered Simon
most? him love will them of which therefore, me Tell both. them forgave frankly he pay, to nothing had they when And
fifty. other the and pence, hundred five owed one the debtors: two had which creditor certain a was There
on. say Master, saith, he And thee. unto say to somewhat have I Simon, him, unto said answering Jesus And
sinner. a is she for him: toucheth that is this woman of manner what and who known have would prophet, a were he if man, This saying, himself, within spake he it, saw him bidden had which Pharisee the when Now
ointment. the with them anointed and feet, his kissed and head, her of hairs the with them wipe did and tears, with feet his wash to began and weeping, him behind feet his at stood And
ointment, of box alabaster an brought house, Pharisee's the in meat at sat Jesus that knew she when sinner, a was which city, the in woman a behold, And,
meat. to down sat and house, Pharisee's the into went he And him. with eat would he that him desired Pharisees the of one And
children. her all of justified is wisdom But
sinners! and publicans of friend a winebibber, a and man, gluttonous a Behold say, ye and drinking; and eating come is man of Son The
devil. a hath He say, ye and wine; drinking nor bread eating neither came Baptist the John For
wept. not have ye and you, to mourned have we danced; not have ye and you, unto piped have We saying, and another, to one calling and marketplace, the in sitting children unto like are They
like? they are what to and generation? this of men the liken I shall then Whereunto said, Lord the And
him. of baptized not being themselves, against God of counsel the rejected lawyers and Pharisees the But
John. of baptism the with baptized being God, justified publicans, the and him, heard that people the all And
he. than greater is God of kingdom the in least is that he but Baptist: the John than prophet greater a not is there women of born are that those Among you, unto say I For
thee. before way thy prepare shall which face, thy before messenger my send I Behold, written, is it whom of he, is This
prophet. a than more much and you, unto say I Yea, prophet? A see? to for out ye went what But
courts. kings' in are delicately, live and apparelled, gorgeously are which they Behold, raiment? soft in clothed man A see? to for out ye went what But
wind? the with shaken reed A see? to for wilderness the into out ye went What John, concerning people the unto speak to began he departed, were John of messengers the when And
me. in offended be not shall whosoever he, is blessed And
preached. is gospel the poor the to raised, are dead the hear, deaf the cleansed, are lepers the walk, lame the see, blind the that how heard; and seen have ye things what John tell and way, your Go them, unto said answering Jesus Then
sight. gave he blind were that many unto and spirits; evil of and plagues, and infirmities their of many cured he hour same that in And
another? for we look or come? should that he thou Art saying, thee, unto us sent hath Baptist John said, they him, unto come were men the When
another? for we look or come? should that he thou Art saying, Jesus, to them sent disciples his of two him unto calling John And
things. these all of him shewed John of disciples the And
about. round region the all throughout and Judaea, all throughout forth went him of rumour this And
people. his visited hath God That and, us; among up risen is prophet great a That saying, God, glorified they and all: on fear a came there And
mother. his to him delivered he And speak. to began and up, sat dead was that he And
Arise. thee, unto say I man, Young said, he And still. stood him bare that they and bier: the touched and came he And
not. Weep her, unto said and her, on compassion had he her, saw Lord the when And
her. with was city the of people much and widow: a was she and mother, his of son only the out, carried man dead a was there behold, city, the of gate the to nigh came he when Now
people. much and him, with went disciples his of many and Nain; called city a into went he that after, day the pass to came it And
sick. been had that whole servant the found house, the to returning sent, were that they And
Israel. in not no, faith, great so found not have I you, unto say I him, followed that people the unto said and about, him turned and him, at marvelled he things, these heard Jesus When
it. doeth he and this, Do servant, my to and cometh; he and Come, another, to and goeth; he and Go, one, unto say I and soldiers, me under having authority, under set man a am also I For
healed. be shall servant my and word, a in say but thee: unto come to worthy myself I thought neither Wherefore
roof: my under enter shouldest thou that worthy not am I for thyself: not trouble Lord, him, unto saying him, to friends sent centurion the house, the from far not now was he when And them. with went Jesus Then
synagogue. a us built hath he and nation, our loveth he For
this: do should he whom for worthy was he That saying, instantly, him besought they Jesus, to came they when And
servant. his heal and come would he that him beseeching Jews, the of elders the him unto sent he Jesus, of heard he when And
die. to ready and sick, was him, unto dear was who servant, centurion's certain a And
Capernaum. into entered he people, the of audience the in sayings his all ended had he when Now
great. was house that of ruin the and fell; it immediately and vehemently, beat did stream the which against earth; the upon house an built foundation a without that man a like is not, doeth and heareth, that he But
rock. a upon founded was it for it: shake not could and house, that upon vehemently beat stream the arose, flood the when and rock: a on foundation the laid and deep, digged and house, an built which man a like is He
like: is he whom to you shew will I them, doeth and sayings, my heareth and me, to cometh Whosoever
say? I which things the not do and Lord, Lord, me, ye call why And
speaketh. mouth his heart the of abundance the of for evil: is which that forth bringeth heart his of treasure evil the of out man evil an and good; is which that forth bringeth heart his of treasure good the of out man good A
grapes. they gather bush bramble a of nor figs, gather not do men thorns of For fruit. own his by known is tree every For
fruit. good forth bring tree corrupt a doth neither fruit; corrupt forth not bringeth tree good a For
eye. brother's thy in is that mote the out pull to clearly see thou shalt then and eye, own thine of out beam the first out cast hypocrite, Thou eye? own thine in is that beam the not beholdest thyself thou when eye, thine in is that mote the out pull me let Brother, brother, thy to say thou canst how Either
eye? own thine in is that beam the not perceivest but eye, brother's thy in is that mote the thou beholdest why And
master. his as be shall perfect is that one every but master: his above not is disciple The
ditch? the into fall both not they shall blind? the lead blind the Can them, unto parable a spake he And
again. you to measured be shall it withal mete ye that measure same the with For bosom. your into give men shall over, running and together, shaken and down, pressed measure, good you; unto given be shall it and Give,
forgiven: be shall ye and forgive, condemned: be not shall ye and not, condemn judged: be not shall ye and not, Judge
merciful. is also Father your as merciful, therefore ye Be
evil. the to and unthankful the unto kind is he for Highest: the of children the be shall ye and great, be shall reward your and again; nothing for hoping lend, and good, do and enemies, your ye love But
again. much as receive to sinners, to lend also sinners for ye? have thank what receive, to hope ye whom of them to lend ye if And
same. the even do also sinners for ye? have thank what you, to good do which them to good do ye if And
them. love that those love also sinners for ye? have thank what you, love which them love ye if For
likewise. them to also ye do you, to do should men that would ye as And
again. not them ask goods thy away taketh that him of and thee; of asketh that man every to Give
also. coat thy take to not forbid cloak thy away taketh that him and other; the also offer cheek one the on thee smiteth that him unto And
you. use despitefully which them for pray and you, curse that them Bless
you, hate which them to good do enemies, your Love hear, which you unto say I But
prophets. false the to fathers their did so for you! of well speak shall men all when you, unto Woe
weep. and mourn shall ye for now! laugh that you unto Woe hunger. shall ye for full! are that you unto Woe
consolation. your received have ye for rich! are that you unto woe But
prophets. the unto fathers their did manner like the in for heaven: in great is reward your behold, for, joy: for leap and day, that in ye Rejoice
sake. man's of Son the for evil, as name your out cast and you, reproach shall and company, their from you separate shall they when and you, hate shall men when ye, are Blessed
laugh. shall ye for now: weep that ye are Blessed filled. be shall ye for now: hunger that ye are Blessed
God. of kingdom the is yours for poor: ye be Blessed said, and disciples, his on eyes his up lifted he And
all. them healed and him, of out virtue went there for him: touch to sought multitude whole the And
healed. were they and spirits: unclean with vexed were that they And
diseases; their of healed be to and him, hear to came which Sidon, and Tyre of coast sea the from and Jerusalem, and Judaea all of out people of multitude great a and disciples, his of company the and plain, the in stood and them, with down came he And
traitor. the was also which Iscariot, Judas and James, of brother the Judas And
Zelotes, called Simon and Alphaeus, of son the James Thomas, and Matthew
Bartholomew, and Philip John, and James brother, his Andrew and Peter,) named also he (whom Simon,
apostles; named he also whom twelve, chose he them of and disciples: his him unto called he day, was it when And
God. to prayer in night all continued and pray, to mountain a into out went he that days, those in pass to came it And
Jesus. to do might they what another with one communed and madness; with filled were they And
other. the as whole restored was hand his and so: did he And hand. thy forth Stretch man, the unto said he all, them upon about round looking And
it? destroy to or life, save to evil? do to or good, do to days sabbath the on lawful it Is thing; one you ask will I them, unto Jesus said Then
forth. stood and arose he And midst. the in forth stand and up, Rise hand, withered the had which man the to said and thoughts, their knew he But
him. against accusation an find might they that day; sabbath the on heal would he whether him, watched Pharisees and scribes the And
withered. was hand right whose man a was there and taught: and synagogue the into entered he that sabbath, another on also pass to came it And
sabbath. the of also Lord is man of Son the That them, unto said he And
alone? priests the for but eat to lawful not is it which him; with were that them to also gave and shewbread, the eat and take did and God, of house the into went he How
him; with were which they and hungred, an was himself when did, David what this, as much so read not ye Have said, them answering Jesus And
days? sabbath the on do to lawful not is which that ye do Why them, unto said Pharisees the of certain And
hands. their in them rubbing eat, did and corn, of ears the plucked disciples his and fields; corn the through went he that first, the after sabbath second the on pass to came it And
better. is old The saith, he for new: desireth straightway wine old drunk having also man No
preserved. are both and bottles; new into put be must wine new But
perish. shall bottles the and spilled, be and bottles, the burst will wine new the else bottles; old into wine new putteth man no And
old. the with not agreeth new the of out taken was that piece the and rent, a maketh new the both then otherwise, if old; an upon garment new a of piece a putteth man No them; unto parable a also spake he And
days. those in fast they shall then and them, from away taken be shall bridegroom the when come, will days the But
them? with is bridegroom the while fast, bridechamber the of children the make ye Can them, unto said he And
drink? and eat thine but Pharisees; the of disciples the likewise and prayers, make and often, fast John of disciples the do Why him, unto said they And
repentance. to sinners but righteous, the call to not came I
sick. are that they but physician; a not need whole are that They them, unto said answering Jesus And
sinners? and publicans with drink and eat ye do Why saying, disciples, his against murmured Pharisees and scribes their But
them. with down sat that others of and publicans of company great a was there and house: own his in feast great a him made Levi And
him. followed and up, rose all, left he And
me. Follow him, unto said he and custom: of receipt the at sitting Levi, named publican, a saw and forth, went he things these after And
day. to things strange seen have We saying, fear, with filled were and God, glorified they and amazed, all were they And
God. glorifying house, own his to departed and lay, he whereon that up took and them, before up rose he immediately And
house. thine into go and couch, thy up take and Arise, thee, unto say I palsy,) the of sick the unto said (he sins, forgive to earth upon power hath man of Son the that know may ye that But
walk? and up Rise say, to or thee; forgiven be sins Thy say, to easier, is Whether
hearts? your in ye reason What them, unto said answering he thoughts, their perceived Jesus when But
alone? God but sins, forgive can Who blasphemies? speaketh which this is Who saying, reason, to began Pharisees the and scribes the And
thee. forgiven are sins thy Man, him, unto said he faith, their saw he when And
Jesus. before midst the into couch his with tiling the through down him let and housetop, the upon went they multitude, the of because in him bring might they way what by find not could they when And
him. before him lay to and in, him bring to means sought they and palsy: a with taken was which man a bed a in brought men behold, And,
them. heal to present was Lord the of power the and Jerusalem: and Judaea, and Galilee, of town every of out come were which by, sitting law the of doctors and Pharisees were there that teaching, was he as day, certain a on pass to came it And
prayed. and wilderness, the into himself withdrew he And
infirmities. their of him by healed be to and hear, to together came multitudes great and him: of abroad fame a there went more the much so But
them. unto testimony a for commanded, Moses as according cleansing, thy for offer and priest, the to thyself shew and go, but man: no tell to him charged he And
him. from departed leprosy the immediately And clean. thou be will: I saying, him, touched and hand, his forth put he And
clean. me make canst thou wilt, thou if Lord, saying, him, besought and face, his on fell Jesus seeing who leprosy: of full man a behold city, certain a in was he when pass, to came it And
him. followed and all, forsook they land, to ships their brought had they when And
men. catch shalt thou henceforth from not; Fear Simon, unto said Jesus And Simon. with partners were which Zebedee, of sons the John, and James, also was so And
taken: had they which fishes the of draught the at him, with were that all and astonished, was he For
Lord. O man, sinful a am I for me; from Depart saying, knees, Jesus' at down fell he it, saw Peter Simon When
sink. to began they that so ships, the both filled and came, they And them. help and come should they that ship, other the in were which partners, their unto beckoned they And
brake. net their and fishes: of multitude great a inclosed they done, this had they when And
net. the down let will I word thy at nevertheless nothing: taken have and night, the all toiled have we Master, him, unto said answering Simon And
draught. a for nets your down let and deep, the into out Launch Simon, unto said he speaking, left had he when Now
ship. the of out people the taught and down, sat he And land. the from little a out thrust would he that him prayed and Simon's, was which ships, the of one into entered he And
nets. their washing were and them, of out gone were fishermen the but lake: the by standing ships two saw And
Gennesaret, of lake the by stood he God, of word the hear to him upon pressed people the as that, pass, to came it And
Galilee. of synagogues the in preached he And
sent. I am therefore for also: cities other to God of kingdom the preach must I them, unto said he And
them. from depart not should he that him, stayed and him, unto came and him, sought people the and place: desert a into went and departed he day, was it when And
Christ. was he that knew they for speak: to not them suffered them rebuking he And God. of Son the Christ art Thou saying, and out, crying many, of out came also devils And
them. healed and them, of one every on hands his laid he and him; unto them brought diseases divers with sick any had that they all setting, was sun the when Now
them. unto ministered and arose she immediately and her: left it and fever; the rebuked and her, over stood he And
her. for him besought they and fever; great a with taken was mother wife's Simon's And house. Simon's into entered and synagogue, the of out arose he And
about. round country the of place every into out went him of fame the And
out. come they and spirits, unclean the commandeth he power and authority with for this! is word a What saying, themselves, among spake and amazed, all were they And
not. him hurt and him, of out came he midst, the in him thrown had devil the when And him. of out come and peace, thy Hold saying, him, rebuked Jesus And
God. of One Holy the art; thou who thee know I us? destroy to come thou art Nazareth? of Jesus thou thee, with do to we have what alone; us Let Saying,
voice, loud a with out cried and devil, unclean an of spirit a had which man, a was there synagogue the in And
power. with was word his for doctrine: his at astonished were they And
days. sabbath the on them taught and Galilee, of city a Capernaum, to down came And
way, his went them of midst the through passing he But
headlong. down him cast might they that built, was city their whereon hill the of brow the unto him led and city, the of out him thrust and up, rose And
wrath, with filled were things, these heard they when synagogue, the in they all And
Syrian. the Naaman saving cleansed, was them of none and prophet; the Eliseus of time the in Israel in were lepers many And
widow. a was that woman a unto Sidon, of city a Sarepta, unto save sent, Elias was them of none unto But
land; the all throughout was famine great when months, six and years three up shut was heaven the when Elias, of days the in Israel in were widows many truth, a of you tell I But
country. own his in accepted is prophet No you, unto say I Verily said, he And
country. thy in here also do Capernaum, in done heard have we whatsoever thyself: heal Physician, proverb, this me unto say surely will Ye them, unto said he And
son? Joseph's this not Is said, they And mouth. his of out proceeded which words gracious the at wondered and witness, him bare all And
ears. your in fulfilled scripture this is day This them, unto say to began he And
him. on fastened were synagogue the in were that them all of eyes the And down. sat and minister, the to again it gave he and book, the closed he And
Lord. the of year acceptable the preach To
bruised, are that them liberty at set to blind, the to sight of recovering and captives, the to deliverance preach to brokenhearted, the heal to me sent hath he poor; the to gospel the preach to me anointed hath he because me, upon is Lord the of Spirit The
written, was it where place the found he book, the opened had he when And Esaias. prophet the of book the him unto delivered was there And
read. to for up stood and day, sabbath the on synagogue the into went he was, custom his as and, up: brought been had he where Nazareth, to came he And
all. of glorified being synagogues, their in taught he And
about. round region the all through him of fame a out went there and Galilee: into Spirit the of power the in returned Jesus And
season. a for him from departed he temptation, the all ended had devil the when And
God. thy Lord the tempt not shalt Thou said, is It him, unto said answering Jesus And
stone. a against foot thy dash thou time any at lest up, thee bear shall they hands their in And
thee: keep to thee, over charge angels his give shall He written, is it For
hence: from down thyself cast God, of Son the be thou If him, unto said and temple, the of pinnacle a on him set and Jerusalem, to him brought he And
serve. thou shalt only him and God, thy Lord the worship shalt Thou written, is it for Satan: me, behind thee Get him, unto said and answered Jesus And
thine. be shall all me, worship wilt therefore thou If
it. give I will I whomsoever to and me; unto delivered is that for them: of glory the and thee, give I will power this All him, unto said devil the And
time. of moment a in world the of kingdoms the all him unto shewed mountain, high an into up him taking devil, the And
God. of word every by but alone, bread by live not shall man That written, is It saying, him, answered Jesus And
bread. made be it that stone this command God, of Son the be thou If him, unto said devil the And
hungered. afterward he ended, were they when and nothing: eat did he days those in And devil. the of tempted days forty Being
wilderness, the into Spirit the by led was and Jordan, from returned Ghost Holy the of full being Jesus And
God. of son the was which Adam, of son the was which Seth, of son the was which Enos, of son the was Which
Cainan, of son the was which Maleleel, of son the was which Jared, of son the was which Enoch, of son the was which Mathusala, of son the was Which
Lamech, of son the was which Noe, of son the was which Sem, of son the was which Arphaxad, of son the was which Cainan, of son the was Which
Sala, of son the was which Heber, of son the was which Phalec, of son the was which Ragau, of son the was which Saruch, of son the was Which
Nachor, of son the was which Thara, of son the was which Abraham, of son the was which Isaac, of son the was which Jacob, of son the was Which
Juda, of son the was which Phares, of son the was which Esrom, of son the was which Aram, of son the was which Aminadab, of son the was Which
Naasson, of son the was which Salmon, of son the was which Booz, of son the was which Obed, of son the was which Jesse, of son the was Which
David, of son the was which Nathan, of son the was which Mattatha, of son the was which Menan, of son the was which Melea, of son the was Which
Eliakim, of son the was which Jonan, of son the was which Joseph, of son the was which Juda, of son the was which Simeon, of son the was Which
Levi, of son the was which Matthat, of son the was which Jorim, of son the was which Eliezer, of son the was which Jose, of son the was Which
Er, of son the was which Elmodam, of son the was which Cosam, of son the was which Addi, of son the was which Melchi, of son the was Which
Neri, of son the was which Salathiel, of son the was which Zorobabel, of son the was which Rhesa, of son the was which Joanna, of son the was Which
Juda, of son the was which Joseph, of son the was which Semei, of son the was which Mattathias, of son the was which Maath, of son the was Which
Nagge, of son the was which Esli, of son the was which Naum, of son the was which Amos, of son the was which Mattathias, of son the was Which
Joseph, of son the was which Janna, of son the was which Melchi, of son the was which Levi, of son the was which Matthat, of son the was Which
Heli, of son the was which Joseph, of son the supposed) was (as being age, of years thirty about be to began himself Jesus And
pleased. well am I thee in Son; beloved my art Thou said, which heaven, from came voice a and him, upon dove a like shape bodily a in descended Ghost Holy the And
opened, was heaven the praying, and baptized, being also Jesus that pass, to came it baptized, were people the all when Now
prison. in John up shut he that all, above this yet Added
done, had Herod which evils the all for and wife, Philip's brother his Herodias for him by reproved being tetrarch, the Herod But
people. the unto he preached exhortation his in things other many And
unquenchable. fire with burn will he chaff the but garner; his into wheat the gather will and floor, his purge throughly will he and hand, his in is fan Whose
fire: with and Ghost Holy the with you baptize shall he unloose: to worthy not am I shoes whose of latchet the cometh, I than mightier one but water; with you baptize indeed I all, them unto saying answered, John
not; or Christ, the were he whether John, of hearts their in mused men all and expectation, in were people the as And
wages. your with content be and falsely; any accuse neither man, no to violence Do them, unto said he And do? we shall what And saying, him, of demanded likewise soldiers the And
you. appointed is which that than more no Exact them, unto said he And
do? we shall what Master, him, unto said and baptized, be to publicans also came Then
likewise. do him let meat, hath that he and none; hath that him to impart him let coats, two hath that He them, unto saith and answereth He
then? do we shall What saying, him, asked people the And
fire. the into cast and down, hewn is fruit good forth not bringeth which therefore tree every trees: the of root the unto laid is axe the also now And
Abraham. unto children up raise to stones these of able is God That you, unto say I for father: our to Abraham have We yourselves, within say to not begin and repentance, of worthy fruits therefore forth Bring
come? to wrath the from flee to you warned hath who vipers, of generation O him, of baptized be to forth came that multitude the to he said Then
God. of salvation the see shall flesh all And
smooth; made be shall ways rough the and straight, made be shall crooked the and low; brought be shall hill and mountain every and filled, be shall valley Every
straight. paths his make Lord, the of way the ye Prepare wilderness, the in crying one of voice The saying, prophet, the Esaias of words the of book the in written is it As
sins; of remission the for repentance of baptism the preaching Jordan, about country the all into came he And
wilderness. the in Zacharias of son the John unto came God of word the priests, high the being Caiaphas and Annas
Abilene, of tetrarch the Lysanias and Trachonitis, of region the of and Ituraea of tetrarch Philip brother his and Galilee, of tetrarch being Herod and Judaea, of governor being Pilate Pontius Caesar, Tiberius of reign the of year fifteenth the in Now
man. and God with favour in and stature, and wisdom in increased Jesus And
heart. her in sayings these all kept mother his but them: unto subject was and Nazareth, to came and them, with down went he And
them. unto spake he which saying the not understood they And
business? Father's my about be must I that not ye wist me? sought ye that it is How them, unto said he And
sorrowing. thee sought have I and father thy behold, us? with dealt thus thou hast why Son, him, unto said mother his and amazed: were they him, saw they when And
answers. and understanding his at astonished were him heard that all And
questions. them asking and them, hearing both doctors, the of midst the in sitting temple, the in him found they days three after that pass, to came it And
him. seeking Jerusalem, to again back turned they not, him found they when And
acquaintance. and kinsfolk their among him sought they and journey; day's a went company, the in been have to him supposing they, But
it. of not knew mother his and Joseph and Jerusalem; in behind tarried Jesus child the returned, they as days, the fulfilled had they when And
feast. the of custom the after Jerusalem to up went they old, years twelve was he when And
passover. the of feast the at year every Jerusalem to went parents his Now
him. upon was God of grace the and wisdom: with filled spirit, in strong waxed and grew, child the And
Nazareth. city own their to Galilee, into returned they Lord, the of law the to according things all performed had they when And
Jerusalem. in redemption for looked that them all to him of spake and Lord, the unto likewise thanks gave instant that in coming she And
day. and night prayers and fastings with God served but temple, the from not departed which years, four and fourscore about of widow a was she And
virginity; her from years seven husband an with lived had and age, great a of was she Aser: of tribe the of Phanuel, of daughter the prophetess, a Anna, one was there And
revealed. be may hearts many of thoughts the that also,) soul own thy through pierce shall sword a (Yea,
against; spoken be shall which sign a for and Israel; in many of again rising and fall the for set is child this Behold, mother, his Mary unto said and them, blessed Simeon And
him. of spoken were which things those at marvelled mother his and Joseph And
Israel. people thy of glory the and Gentiles, the lighten to light A
people; all of face the before prepared hast thou Which
salvation, thy seen have eyes mine For
word: thy to according peace, in depart servant thy thou lettest now Lord,
said, and God, blessed and arms, his in up him he took Then
law, the of custom the after him for do to Jesus, child the in brought parents the when and temple: the into Spirit the by came he And
Christ. Lord's the seen had he before death, see not should he that Ghost, Holy the by him unto revealed was it And
him. upon was Ghost Holy the and Israel: of consolation the for waiting devout, and just was man same the and Simeon; was name whose Jerusalem, in man a was there behold, And,
pigeons. young two or turtledoves, of pair A Lord, the of law the in said is which that to according sacrifice a offer to And
Lord;) the to holy called be shall womb the openeth that male Every , Lord the of law the in written is it (As
Lord; the to him present to Jerusalem, to him brought they accomplished, were Moses of law the to according purification her of days the when And
womb. the in conceived was he before angel the of named so was which , Jesus called was name his child, the of circumcising the for accomplished were days eight when And
them. unto told was it as seen, and heard had they that things the all for God praising and glorifying returned, shepherds the And
heart. her in them pondered and things, these all kept Mary But
shepherds. the by them told were which things those at wondered it heard that they all And
child. this concerning them told was which saying the abroad known made they it, seen had they when And
manger. a in lying babe the and Joseph, and Mary, found and haste, with came they And
us. unto known made hath Lord the which pass, to come is which thing this see and Bethlehem, unto even go now us Let another, to one said shepherds the heaven, into them from away gone were angels the as pass, to came it And
men. toward will good peace, earth on and highest, the in God to Glory
saying, and God, praising host heavenly the of multitude a angel the with was there suddenly And
manger. a in lying clothes, swaddling in wrapped babe the find shall Ye you; unto sign a be shall this And
Lord. the Christ is which Saviour, a David of city the in day this born is you unto For
people. all to be shall which joy, great of tidings good you bring I behold, for, not: Fear them, unto said angel the And
afraid. sore were they and them: about round shone Lord the of glory the and them, upon came Lord the of angel the lo, And,
night. by flock their over watch keeping field, the in abiding shepherds country same the in were there And
inn. the in them for room no was there because manger; a in him laid and clothes, swaddling in him wrapped and son, firstborn her forth brought she And
delivered. be should she that accomplished were days the there, were they while that, was, it so And
child. with great being wife, espoused his Mary with taxed be To
David:) of lineage and house the of was he (because Bethlehem; called is which David, of city the unto Judaea, into Nazareth, of city the of out Galilee, from up went also Joseph And
city. own his into one every taxed, be to went all And
Syria.) of governor was Cyrenius when made first was taxing this (And
taxed. be should world the all that Augustus Caesar from decree a out went there that days, those in pass to came it And
Israel. unto shewing his of day the till deserts the in was and spirit, in strong waxed and grew, child the And
peace. of way the into feet our guide to death, of shadow the in and darkness in sit that them to light give To
us, visited hath high on from dayspring the whereby God; our of mercy tender the Through
sins, their of remission the by people his unto salvation of knowledge give To
ways; his prepare to Lord the of face the before go shalt thou for Highest: the of prophet the called be shalt child, thou, And
life. our of days the all him, before righteousness and holiness In
fear, without him serve might enemies our of hand the of out delivered being we that us, unto grant would he That
Abraham, father our to sware he which oath The
covenant; holy his remember to and fathers, our to promised mercy the perform To
us; hate that all of hand the from and enemies, our from saved be should we That
began: world the since been have which prophets, holy his of mouth the by spake he As
David; servant his of house the in us for salvation of horn an up raised hath And
people, his redeemed and visited hath he for Israel; of God Lord the be Blessed
saying, prophesied, and Ghost, Holy the with filled was Zacharias father his And
him. with was Lord the of hand the And be! this shall child of manner What saying, hearts, their in up them laid them heard that they all And
Judaea. of country hill the all throughout abroad noised were sayings these all and them: about round dwelt that all on came fear And
God. praised and spake, he and loosed, tongue his and immediately, opened was mouth his And
all. marvelled they And John. is name His saying, wrote, and table, writing a for asked he And
called. him have would he how father, his to signs made they And
name. this by called is that kindred thy of none is There her, unto said they And
John. called be shall he but so; Not said, and answered mother his And
father. his of name the after Zacharias, him called they and child; the circumcise to came they day eighth the on that pass, to came it And
her. with rejoiced they and her; upon mercy great shewed had Lord the how heard cousins her and neighbours her And
son. a forth brought she and delivered; be should she that came time full Elisabeth's Now
house. own her to returned and months, three about her with abode Mary And
ever. for seed his to and Abraham, to fathers, our to spake he As
mercy; his of remembrance in Israel, servant his helped hath He
away. empty sent hath he rich the and things; good with hungry the filled hath He
degree. low of them exalted and seats, their from mighty the down put hath He
hearts. their of imagination the in proud the scattered hath he arm; his with strength shewed hath He
generation. to generation from him fear that them on is mercy his And
name. his is holy and things; great me to done hath mighty is that he For
blessed. me call shall generations all henceforth from behold, for, handmaiden: his of estate low the regarded hath he For
Saviour. my God in rejoiced hath spirit my And
Lord, the magnify doth soul My said, Mary And
Lord. the from her told were which things those of performance a be shall there for believed: that she is blessed And
joy. for womb my in leaped babe the ears, mine in sounded salutation thy of voice the as soon as lo, For,
me? to come should Lord my of mother the that me, to this is whence And
womb. thy of fruit the is blessed and women, among thou art Blessed said, and voice, loud a with out spake she And
Ghost: Holy the with filled was Elisabeth and womb; her in leaped babe the Mary, of salutation the heard Elisabeth when that, pass, to came it And
Elisabeth. saluted and Zacharias, of house the into entered And
Juda; of city a into haste, with country hill the into went and days, those in arose Mary And
her. from departed angel the And word. thy to according me unto it be Lord; the of handmaid the Behold said, Mary And
impossible. be shall nothing God with For
barren. called was who her, with month sixth the is this and age: old her in son a conceived also hath she Elisabeth, cousin thy behold, And,
God. of Son the called be shall thee of born be shall which thing holy that also therefore thee: overshadow shall Highest the of power the and thee, upon come shall Ghost Holy The her, unto said and answered angel the And
man? a not know I seeing be, this shall How angel, the unto Mary said Then
end. no be shall there kingdom his of and ever; for Jacob of house the over reign shall he And
David: father his of throne the him unto give shall God Lord the and Highest: the of Son the called be shall and great, be shall He
. Jesus name his call shalt and son, a forth bring and womb, thy in conceive shalt thou behold, And,
God. with favour found hast thou for Mary: not, Fear her, unto said angel the And
be. should this salutation of manner what mind her in cast and saying, his at troubled was she him, saw she when And
women. among thou art blessed thee: with is Lord the favoured, highly art that thou Hail, said, and her, unto in came angel the And
Mary. was name virgin's the and David; of house the of Joseph, was name whose man a to espoused virgin a To
Nazareth, named Galilee, of city a unto God from sent was Gabriel angel the month sixth the in And
men. among reproach my away take to me, on looked he wherein days the in me with dealt Lord the hath Thus
saying, months, five herself hid and conceived, Elisabeth wife his days those after And
house. own his to departed he accomplished, were ministration his of days the as soon as that, pass, to came it And
speechless. remained and them, unto beckoned he for temple: the in vision a seen had he that perceived they and them: unto speak not could he out, came he when And
temple. the in long so tarried he that marvelled and Zacharias, for waited people the And
season. their in fulfilled be shall which words, my not believest thou because performed, be shall things these that day the until speak, to able not and dumb, be shalt thou behold, And,
tidings. glad these thee shew to and thee, unto speak to sent am and God; of presence the in stand that Gabriel, am I him, unto said answering angel the And
years. in stricken well wife my and man, old an am I for this? know I shall Whereby angel, the unto said Zacharias And
Lord. the for prepared people a ready make to just; the of wisdom the to disobedient the and children, the to fathers the of hearts the turn to Elias, of power and spirit the in him before go shall he And
God. their Lord the to turn he shall Israel of children the of many And
womb. mother's his from even Ghost, Holy the with filled be shall he and drink; strong nor wine neither drink shall and Lord, the of sight the in great be shall he For
birth. his at rejoice shall many and gladness; and joy have shalt thou And
John. name his call shalt thou and son, a thee bear shall Elisabeth wife thy and heard; is prayer thy for Zacharias: not, Fear him, unto said angel the But
him. upon fell fear and troubled, was he him, saw Zacharias when And
incense. of altar the of side right the on standing Lord the of angel an him unto appeared there And
incense. of time the at without praying were people the of multitude whole the And
Lord. the of temple the into went he when incense burn to was lot his office, priest's the of custom the to According
course, his of order the in God before office priest's the executed he while that pass, to came it And
years. in stricken well now were both they and barren, was Elisabeth that because child, no had they And
blameless. Lord the of ordinances and commandments the all in walking God, before righteous both were they And
Elisabeth. was name her and Aaron, of daughters the of was wife his and Abia: of course the of Zacharias, named priest certain a Judaea, of king the Herod, of days the in was There
instructed. been hast thou wherein things, those of certainty the know mightest thou That
Theophilus, excellent most order, in thee unto write to first, very the from things all of understanding perfect had having also, me to good seemed It
word; the of ministers and eyewitnesses, were beginning the from which us, unto them delivered they as Even
us, among believed surely most are which things those of declaration a order in forth set to hand in taken have many as Forasmuch
Luke
Amen. following. signs with word the confirming and them, with working Lord the where, every preached and forth, went they And
God. of hand right the on sat and heaven, into up received was he them, unto spoken had Lord the after then So
recover. shall they and sick, the on hands lay shall they them; hurt not shall it thing, deadly any drink they if and serpents; up take shall They
tongues; new with speak shall they devils; out cast they shall name my In believe; that them follow shall signs these And
damned. be shall not believeth that he but saved; be shall baptized is and believeth that He
creature. every to gospel the preach and world, the all into ye Go them, unto said he And
risen. was he after him seen had which them not believed they because heart, of hardness and unbelief their with them upbraided and meat, at sat they as eleven the unto appeared he Afterward
them. they believed neither residue: the unto it told and went they And
country. the into went and walked, they as them, of two unto form another in appeared he that After
not. believed her, of seen been had and alive, was he that heard had they when they, And
wept. and mourned they as him, with been had that them told and went she And
devils. seven cast had he whom of out Magdalene, Mary to first appeared he week, the of day first the early risen was Jesus when Now
afraid. were they for man; any to thing any they said neither amazed: were and trembled they for sepulchre; the from fled and quickly, out went they And
you. unto said he as him, see ye shall there Galilee: into you before goeth he that Peter and disciples his tell way, your go But
him. laid they where place the behold here: not is he risen; is he crucified: was which Nazareth, of Jesus seek Ye affrighted: not Be them, unto saith he And
affrighted. were they and garment; white long a in clothed side, right the on sitting man young a saw they sepulchre, the into entering And
great. very was it for away: rolled was stone the that saw they looked, they when And
sepulchre? the of door the from stone the away us roll shall Who themselves, among said they And
sun. the of rising the at sepulchre the unto came they week, the of day first the morning the in early very And
him. anoint and come might they that spices, sweet bought had Salome, and James, of mother the Mary and Magdalene, Mary past, was sabbath the when And
laid. was he where beheld Joses of mother the Mary and Magdalene Mary And
sepulchre. the of door the unto stone a rolled and rock, a of out hewn was which sepulchre a in him laid and linen, the in him wrapped and down, him took and linen, fine bought he And
Joseph. to body the gave he centurion, the of it knew he when And
dead. while any been had he whether him asked he centurion, the him unto calling and dead: already were he if marvelled Pilate And
Jesus. of body the craved and Pilate, unto boldly in went and came, God, of kingdom the for waited also which counsellor, honourable an Arimathaea, of Joseph
sabbath, the before day the is, that preparation, the was it because come, was even the when now And
Jerusalem. unto him with up came which women other many and him;) unto ministered and him, followed Galilee, in was he when also, (Who
Salome; and Joses, of and less the James of mother the Mary and Magdalene, Mary was whom among off: afar on looking women also were There
God. of Son the was man this Truly said, he ghost, the up gave and out, cried so he that saw him, against over stood which centurion, the when And
bottom. the to top the from twain in rent was temple the of veil the And
ghost. the up gave and voice, loud a with cried Jesus And
down. him take to come will Elias whether see us let alone; Let saying, drink, to him gave and reed, a on it put and vinegar, of full spunge a filled and ran one And
Elias. calleth he Behold, said, it, heard they when by, stood that them of some And
me? forsaken thou hast why God, my God, My interpreted, being is, which sabachthani? lama Eloi, Eloi, saying, voice, loud a with cried Jesus hour ninth the at And
hour. ninth the until land whole the over darkness was there come, was hour sixth the when And
him. reviled him with crucified were that they And believe. and see may we that cross, the from now descend Israel of King the Christ Let
save. cannot he himself others; saved He scribes, the with themselves among said mocking priests chief the also Likewise
cross. the from down come and thyself, Save
days, three in it buildest and temple, the destroyest that thou Ah, saying, and heads, their wagging him, on railed by passed that they And
transgressors. the with numbered was he And saith, which fulfilled, was scripture the And
left. his on other the and hand, right his on one the thieves; two crucify they him with And
. Jews The Of King The over, written was accusation his of superscription the And
him. crucified they and hour, third the was it And
take. should man every what them, upon lots casting garments, his parted they him, crucified had they when And
not. it received he but myrrh: with mingled wine drink to him gave they And
skull. a of place The interpreted, being is, which Golgotha, place the unto him bring they And
cross. his bear to Rufus, and Alexander of father the country, the of out coming by, passed who Cyrenian, a Simon one compel they And
him. crucify to out him led and him, on clothes own his put and him, from purple the off took they him, mocked had they when And
him. worshipped knees their bowing and him, upon spit did and reed, a with head the on him smote they And
Jews! the of King Hail, him, salute to began And
head, his about it put and thorns, of crown a platted and purple, with him clothed they And
band. whole the together call they and Praetorium; called hall, the into away him led soldiers the And
crucified. be to him, scourged had he when Jesus, delivered and them, unto Barabbas released people, the content to willing Pilate, so And
him. Crucify exceedingly, more the out cried they And done? he hath evil what Why, them, unto said Pilate Then
him. Crucify again, out cried they And
Jews? the of King the call ye whom him unto do shall I that then ye will What them, unto again said and answered Pilate And
them. unto Barabbas release rather should he that people, the moved priests chief the But
envy. for him delivered had priests chief the that knew he For
Jews? the of King the you unto release I that ye Will saying, them, answered Pilate But
them. unto done ever had he as do to him desire to began aloud crying multitude the And
insurrection. the in murder committed had who him, with insurrection made had that them with bound lay which Barabbas, named one was there And
desired. they whomsoever prisoner, one them unto released he feast that at Now
marvelled. Pilate that so nothing; answered yet Jesus But
thee. against witness they things many how behold nothing? thou Answerest saying, again, him asked Pilate And
nothing. answered he but things: many of him accused priests chief the And
it. sayest Thou them, unto said answering he And Jews? the of King the thou Art him, asked Pilate And
Pilate. to him delivered and away, him carried and Jesus, bound and council, whole the and scribes and elders the with consultation a held priests chief the morning the in straightway And
wept. he thereon, thought he when And thrice. me deny shalt thou twice, crow cock the Before him, unto said Jesus that word the mind to called Peter And crew. cock the time second the And
speak. ye whom of man this not know I saying, swear, to and curse to began he But
thereto. agreeth speech thy and Galilaean, a art thou for them: of one art thou Surely Peter, to again said by stood that they after, little a And again. it denied he And
them. of one is This by, stood that them to say to began and again, him saw maid a And
crew. cock the and porch; the into out went he And sayest. thou what I understand neither not, know I saying, denied, he But
Nazareth. of Jesus with wast also thou And said, and him, upon looked she himself, warming Peter saw she when And
priest: high the of maids the of one cometh there palace, the in beneath was Peter as And
hands. their of palms the with him strike did servants the and Prophesy: him, unto say to and him, buffet to and face, his cover to and him, on spit to began some And
death. of guilty be to him condemned all they And ye? think what blasphemy: the heard have Ye
witnesses? further any we need What saith, and clothes, his rent priest high the Then
heaven. of clouds the in coming and power, of hand right the on sitting man of Son the see shall ye and am: I said, Jesus And
Blessed? the of Son the Christ, the thou Art him, unto said and him, asked priest high the Again nothing. answered and peace, his held he But
thee? against witness these which it is what nothing? thou Answerest saying, Jesus, asked and midst, the in up stood priest high the And
together. agree witness their did so neither But
hands. without made another build will I days three within and hands, with made is that temple this destroy will I say, him heard We
saying, him, against witness false bare and certain, arose there And
together. not agreed witness their but him, against witness false bare many For
none. found and death; to him put to Jesus against witness for sought council the all and priests chief the And
fire. the at himself warmed and servants, the with sat he and priest: high the of palace the into even off, afar him followed Peter And
scribes. the and elders the and priests chief the all assembled were him with and priest: high the to away Jesus led they And
naked. them from fled and cloth, linen the left he And
him: on hold laid men young the and body; naked his about cast cloth linen a having man, young certain a him followed there And
fled. and him, forsook all they And
fulfilled. be must scriptures the but not: me took ye and teaching, temple the in you with daily was I
me? take to staves with and swords with thief, a against as out, come ye Are them, unto said and answered Jesus And
ear. his off cut and priest, high the of servant a smote and sword, a drew by stood that them of one And
him. took and him, on hands their laid they And
him. kissed and master; Master, saith, and him, to straightway goeth he come, was he as soon as And
safely. away him lead and him, take he; is same that kiss, shall I Whomsoever saying, token, a them given had him betrayed that he And
elders. the and scribes the and priests chief the from staves, and swords with multitude great a him with and twelve, the of one Judas, cometh spake, yet he while immediately, And
hand. at is me betrayeth that he lo, go; us let up, Rise
sinners. of hands the into betrayed is man of Son the behold, come; is hour the enough, is it rest: your take and now, on Sleep them, unto saith and time, third the cometh he And
him. answer to what they wist neither heavy,) were eyes their (for again, asleep them found he returned, he when And
words. same the spake and prayed, and away, went he again And
weak. is flesh the but ready, is truly spirit The temptation. into enter ye lest pray, and ye Watch
hour? one watch thou not couldest thou? sleepest Simon, Peter, unto saith and sleeping, them findeth and cometh, he And
wilt. thou what but will, I what not nevertheless me: from cup this away take thee; unto possible are things all Father, Abba, said, he And
him. from pass might hour the possible, were it if that, prayed and ground, the on fell and little, a forward went he And
watch. and here, ye tarry death: unto sorrowful exceeding is soul My them, unto saith And
heavy; very be to and amazed, sore be to began and John, and James and Peter him with taketh he And
pray. shall I while here, ye Sit disciples, his to saith he and Gethsemane: named was which place a to came they And
all. they said also Likewise wise. any in thee deny not will I thee, with die should I If vehemently, more the spake he But
thrice. me deny shalt thou twice, crow cock the before night, this in even day, this That thee, unto say I Verily him, unto saith Jesus And
I. not will yet offended, be shall all Although him, unto said Peter But
Galilee. into you before go will I risen, am I that after But
scattered. be shall sheep the and shepherd, the smite will I written, is it for night: this me of because offended be shall ye All them, unto saith Jesus And
Olives. of mount the into out went they hymn, an sung had they when And
God. of kingdom the in new it drink I that day that until vine, the of fruit the of more no drink will I you, unto say I Verily
many. for shed is which testament, new the of blood my is This them, unto said he And
it. of drank all they and them: to it gave he thanks, given had he when and cup, the took he And
body. my is this eat: Take, said, and them, to gave and it, brake and blessed, and bread, took Jesus eat, did they as And
born. been never had he if man that for it were good betrayed! is man of Son the whom by man that to woe but him: of written is it as goeth, indeed man of Son The
dish. the in me with dippeth that twelve, the of one is It them, unto said and answered he And
I? it Is said, another and I? it Is one, by one him unto say to and sorrowful, be to began they And
me. betray shall me with eateth which you of One you, unto say I Verily said, Jesus eat, did and sat they as And
twelve. the with cometh he evening the in And
passover. the ready made they and them: unto said had he as found and city, the into came and forth, went disciples his And
us. for ready make there prepared: and furnished room upper large a you shew will he And
disciples? my with passover the eat shall I where guestchamber, the is Where saith, Master The house, the of goodman the to ye say in, go shall he wheresoever And
him. follow water: of pitcher a bearing man a you meet shall there and city, the into ye Go them, unto saith and disciples, his of two forth sendeth he And
passover? the eat mayest thou that prepare and go we that thou wilt Where him, unto said disciples his passover, the killed they when bread, unleavened of day first the And
him. betray conveniently might he how sought he And money. him give to promised and glad, were they it, heard they when And
them. unto him betray to priests, chief the unto went twelve, the of one Iscariot, Judas And
her. of memorial a for of spoken be shall done hath she that also this world, whole the throughout preached be shall gospel this Wheresoever you, unto say I Verily
burying. the to body my anoint to aforehand come is she could: she what done hath She
always. not have ye me but good: them do may ye will ye whensoever and always, you with poor the have ye For
me. on work good a wrought hath she her? ye trouble why alone; her Let said, Jesus And
her. against murmured they And poor. the to given been have and pence, hundred three than more for sold been have might it For
made? ointment the of waste this was Why said, and themselves, within indignation had that some were there And
head. his on it poured and box, the brake she and precious; very spikenard of ointment of box alabaster an having woman a came there meat, at sat he as leper, the Simon of house the in Bethany in being And
people. the of uproar an be there lest day, feast the on Not said, they But
death. to him put and craft, by him take might they how sought scribes the and priests chief the and bread: unleavened of and passover, the of feast the was days two After
Watch. all, unto say I you unto say I what And
sleeping. you find he suddenly coming Lest
morning: the in or cockcrowing, the at or midnight, at or even, at cometh, house the of master the when not know ye for therefore: ye Watch
watch. to porter the commanded and work, his man every to and servants, his to authority gave and house, his left who journey, far a taking man a as is Man of Son the For
is. time the when not know ye for pray: and watch heed, ye Take
Father. the but Son, the neither heaven, in are which angels the not no, man, no knoweth hour that and day that of But
away. pass not shall words my but away: pass shall earth and Heaven
done. be things these all till pass, not shall generation this that you, unto say I Verily
doors. the at even nigh, is it that know pass, to come things these see shall ye when manner, like in ye So
near: is summer that know ye leaves, forth putteth and tender, yet is branch her When tree; fig the of parable a learn Now
heaven. of part uttermost the to earth the of part uttermost the from winds, four the from elect his together gather shall and angels, his send he shall then And
glory. and power great with clouds the in coming man of Son the see they shall then And
shaken. be shall heaven in are that powers the and fall, shall heaven of stars the And
light, her give not shall moon the and darkened, be shall sun the tribulation, that after days, those in But
things. all you foretold have I behold, heed: ye take But
elect. the even possible, were it if seduce, to wonders, and signs shew shall and rise, shall prophets false and Christs false For
not: him believe there; is he lo, or, Christ; is here Lo, you, to say shall man any if then And
days. the shortened hath he chosen, hath he whom sake, elect's the for but saved: be should flesh no days, those shortened had Lord the that except And
be. shall neither time, this unto created God which creation the of beginning the from not was as such affliction, be shall days those in For
winter. the in not be flight your that ye pray And
days! those in suck give that them to and child, with are that them to woe But
garment. his up take to for again back turn not field the in is that him let And
house: his of out thing any take to therein, enter neither house, the into down go not housetop the on is that him let And
mountains: the to flee Judaea in be that them let then understand,) readeth that him (let not, ought it where standing prophet, the Daniel by of spoken desolation, of abomination the see shall ye when But
saved. be shall same the end, the unto endure shall that he but sake: name's my for men all of hated be shall ye And
death. to put be to them cause shall and parents, their against up rise shall children and son; the father the and death, to brother the betray shall brother the Now
Ghost. Holy the but speak, that ye not is it for ye: speak that hour, that in you given be shall whatsoever but premeditate: ye do neither speak, shall ye what beforehand thought no take up, you deliver and you, lead shall they when But
nations. all among published be first must gospel the And
them. against testimony a for sake, my for kings and rulers before brought be shall ye and beaten: be shall ye synagogues the in and councils; to up you deliver shall they for yourselves: to heed take But
sorrows. of beginnings the are these troubles: and famines be shall there and places, divers in earthquakes be shall there and kingdom: against kingdom and nation, against rise shall nation For
yet. be not shall end the but be; needs must things such for troubled: not ye be wars, of rumours and wars of hear shall ye when And
many. deceive shall and Christ; am I saying, name, my in come shall many For
you: deceive man any lest heed Take say, to began them answering Jesus And
fulfilled? be shall things these all when sign the be shall what and be? things these shall when us, Tell
privately, him asked Andrew and John and James and Peter temple, the against over Olives of mount the upon sat he as And
down. thrown be not shall that another, upon stone one left be not shall there buildings? great these thou Seest him, unto said answering Jesus And
here! are buildings what and stones of manner what see Master, him, unto saith disciples his of one temple, the of out went he as And
living. her all even had, she that all in cast did want her of she but abundance; their of in cast did they all For
treasury: the into cast have which they all than in, more cast hath widow poor this That you, unto say I Verily them, unto saith and disciples, his him unto called he And
farthing. a make which mites, two in threw she and widow, poor certain a came there And
much. in cast rich were that many and treasury: the into money cast people the how beheld and treasury, the against over sat Jesus And
damnation. greater receive shall these prayers: long make pretence a for and houses, widows' devour Which
feasts: at rooms uppermost the and synagogues, the in seats chief the And
marketplaces, the in salutations love and clothing, long in go to love which scribes, the of Beware doctrine, his in them unto said he And
gladly. him heard people common the And son? his then he is whence and Lord; him calleth himself therefore David
footstool. thy enemies thine make I till hand, right my on thou Sit Lord, my to said Lord The Ghost, Holy the by said himself David For
David? of son the is Christ that scribes the say How temple, the in taught he while said, and answered Jesus And
question. any him ask durst that after man no And God. of kingdom the from far not art Thou him, unto said he discreetly, answered he that saw Jesus when And
sacrifices. and offerings burnt whole all than more is himself, as neighbour his love to and strength, the all with and soul, the all with and understanding, the all with and heart, the all with him love to And
he: but other none is there and God; one is there for truth: the said hast thou Master, Well, him, unto said scribe the And
these. than greater commandment other none is There thyself. as neighbour thy love shalt Thou this, namely like, is second the And
commandment. first the is this strength: thy all with and mind, thy all with and soul, thy all with and heart, thy all with God thy Lord the love shalt thou And
Lord: one is God our Lord The Israel; O Hear, is, commandments the all of first The him, answered Jesus And
all? of commandment first the is Which him, asked well, them answered had he that perceiving and together, reasoning them heard having and came, scribes the of one And
err. greatly do therefore ye living: the of God the but dead, the of God the not is He
Jacob? of God the and Isaac, of God the and Abraham, of God the am I saying, him, unto spake God bush the in how Moses, of book the in read not ye have rise: they that dead, the touching as And
heaven. in are which angels the as are but marriage; in given are nor marry, neither they dead, the from rise shall they when For
God? of power the neither scriptures, the not know ye because err, therefore not ye Do them, unto said answering Jesus And
wife. to her had seven the for them? of be she shall wife whose rise, shall they when therefore, resurrection the In
also. died woman the all of last seed: no left and her, had seven the And
likewise. third the and seed: any he left neither died, and her, took second the And
seed. no left dying and wife, a took first the and brethren: seven were there Now
brother. his unto seed up raise and wife, his take should brother his that children, no leave and him, behind wife his leave and die, brother man's a If us, unto wrote Moses Master,
saying, him, asked they and resurrection; no is there say which Sadducees, the him unto come Then
him. at marvelled they And God's. are that things the God to and Caesar's, are that things the Caesar to Render them, unto said answering Jesus And
Caesar's. him, unto said they And superscription? and image this is Whose them, unto saith he And it. brought they And
it. see may I that penny, a me bring me? ye tempt Why them, unto said hypocrisy, their knowing he, But give? not we shall or give, we Shall
not? or Caesar, to tribute give to lawful it Is truth: in God of way the teachest but men, of person the not regardest thou for man: no for carest and true, art thou that know we Master, him, unto say they come, were they when And
words. his in him catch to Herodians, the of and Pharisees the of certain him unto send they And
way. their went and him, left they and them: against parable the spoken had he that knew they for people: the feared but him, on hold lay to sought they And
eyes? our in marvellous is it and doing, Lord's the was This
corner: the of head the become is rejected builders the which stone The scripture; this read not ye have And
others. unto vineyard the give will and husbandmen, the destroy and come will he do? vineyard the of lord the therefore shall What
vineyard. the of out him cast and him, killed and him, took they And
ours.' be shall inheritance the and him, kill us let come, heir; the is This themselves, among said husbandmen those But
son. my reverence will They saying, them, unto last also him sent he wellbeloved, his son, one therefore yet Having
some. killing and some, beating others; many and killed, they him and another; sent he again And
handled. shamefully away him sent and head, the in him wounded and stones, cast they him at and servant; another them unto sent he again And
empty. away him sent and him, beat and him, caught they And
vineyard. the of fruit the of husbandmen the from receive might he that servant, a husbandmen the to sent he season the at And
country. far a into went and husbandmen, to out it let and tower, a built and winefat, the for place a digged and it, about hedge an set and vineyard, a planted man certain A parables. by them unto speak to began he And
things. these do I authority what by you tell I do Neither them, unto saith answering Jesus And tell. cannot We Jesus, unto said and answered they And
indeed. prophet a was he that John, counted men all for people: the feared they men; Of say, shall we if But
him? believe not ye did then Why say, will he heaven; From say, shall we If saying, themselves, with reasoned they And
me. answer men? of or heaven, from it was John, of baptism The
things. these do I authority what by you tell will I and me, answer and question, one you of ask also will I them, unto said and answered Jesus And
things? these do to authority this thee gave who and things? these thou doest authority what By him, unto say And
elders, the and scribes, the and priests, chief the him to come there temple, the in walking was he as and Jerusalem: to again come they And
trespasses. your forgive heaven in is which Father your will neither forgive, not do ye if But
trespasses. your you forgive may heaven in is which also Father your that any: against ought have ye if forgive, praying, stand ye when And
them. have shall ye and them, receive ye that believe pray, ye when desire, ye soever things What you, unto say I Therefore
saith. he whatsoever have shall he pass; to come shall saith he which things those that believe shall but heart, his in doubt not shall and sea; the into cast thou be and removed, thou Be mountain, this unto say shall whosoever That you, unto say I verily For
God. in faith Have them, unto saith answering Jesus And
away. withered is cursedst thou which tree fig the behold, Master, him, unto saith remembrance to calling Peter And
roots. the from up dried tree fig the saw they by, passed they as morning, the in And
city. the of out went he come, was even when And
doctrine. his at astonished was people the all because him, feared they for him: destroy might they how sought and it, heard priests chief and scribes the And
thieves. of den a it made have ye but prayer? of house the nations all of called be shall house My written, not it Is them, unto saying taught, he And
temple. the through vessel any carry should man any that suffer not would And
doves; sold that them of seats the and moneychangers, the of tables the overthrew and temple, the in bought and sold that them out cast to began and temple, the into went Jesus and Jerusalem: to come they And
it. heard disciples his And ever. for hereafter thee of fruit eat man No it, unto said and answered Jesus And
yet. not was figs of time the for leaves; but nothing found he it, to came he when and thereon: thing any find might he haply if came, he leaves, having off afar tree fig a seeing And
hungry: was he Bethany, from come were they when morrow, the on And
twelve. the with Bethany unto out went he come, was eventide the now and things, all upon about round looked had he when and temple: the into and Jerusalem, into entered Jesus And
highest. the in Hosanna Lord: the of name the in cometh that David, father our of kingdom the be Blessed
Lord: the of name the in cometh that he is Blessed Hosanna; saying, cried, followed, that they and before, went that they And
way. the in them strawed and trees, the off branches down cut others and way: the in garments their spread many And
him. upon sat he and him; on garments their cast and Jesus, to colt the brought they And
go. them let they and commanded: had Jesus as even them unto said they And
colt? the loosing ye, do What them, unto said there stood that them of certain And
him. loose they and met; ways two where place a in without door the by tied colt the found and way, their went they And
hither. him send will he straightway and him; of need hath Lord the that ye say this? ye do Why you, unto say man any if And
him. bring and him, loose sat; man never whereon tied, colt a find shall ye it, into entered be ye as soon as and you: against over village the into way your Go them, unto saith And
disciples, his of two forth sendeth he Olives, of mount the at Bethany, and Bethphage unto Jerusalem, to nigh came they when And
way. the in Jesus followed and sight, his received he immediately And whole. thee made hath faith thy way; thy Go him, unto said Jesus And
sight. my receive might I that Lord, him, unto said man blind The thee? unto do should I that thou wilt What him, unto said and answered Jesus And
Jesus. to came and rose, garment, his away casting he, And
thee. calleth he rise; comfort, good of Be him, unto saying man, blind the call they And called. be to him commanded and still, stood Jesus And
me. on mercy have David, of son Thou deal, great a more the cried he but peace: his hold should he that him charged many And
me. on mercy have David, of son thou Jesus, say, and out, cry to began he Nazareth, of Jesus was it that heard he when And
begging. side highway the by sat Timaeus, of son the Bartimaeus, blind people, of number great a and disciples his with Jericho of out went he as and Jericho: to came they And
many. for ransom a life his give to and minister, to but unto, ministered be to not came man of Son the even For
all. of servant be shall chiefest, the be will you of whosoever And
minister: your be shall you, among great be will whosoever but you: among be not it shall so But
them. upon authority exercise ones great their and them; over lordship exercise Gentiles the over rule to accounted are which they that know Ye them, unto saith and him, to them called Jesus But
John. and James with displeased much be to began they it, heard ten the when And
prepared. is it whom for them to given be shall it but give; to mine not is hand left my on and hand right my on sit to But
baptized: be ye shall withal baptized am I that baptism the with and of; drink I that cup the of drink indeed shall Ye them, unto said Jesus And can. We him, unto said they And
with? baptized am I that baptism the with baptized be and of? drink I that cup the of drink ye can ask: ye what not know Ye them, unto said Jesus But
glory. thy in hand, left thy on other the and hand, right thy on one sit, may we that us unto Grant him, unto said They
you? for do should I that ye would What them, unto said he And
desire. shall we whatsoever us for do shouldest thou that would we Master, saying, him, unto come Zebedee, of sons the John, and James And
again. rise shall he day third the and him: kill shall and him, upon spit shall and him, scourge shall and him, mock shall they And
Gentiles: the to him deliver shall and death, to him condemn shall they and scribes; the unto and priests, chief the unto delivered be shall man of Son the and Jerusalem; to up go we Behold, Saying,
him, unto happen should things what them tell to began and twelve, the again took he And afraid. were they followed, they as and amazed; were they and them: before went Jesus and Jerusalem; to up going way the in were they And
first. last the and last; be shall first are that many But
life. eternal come to world the in and persecutions; with lands, and children, and mothers, and sisters, and brethren, and houses, time, this in now hundredfold an receive shall he But
gospel's, the and sake, my for lands, or children, or wife, or mother, or father, or sisters, or brethren, or house, left hath that man no is There you, unto say I Verily said, and answered Jesus And
thee. followed have and all, left have we Lo, him, unto say to began Peter Then
possible. are things all God with for God: with not but impossible, is it men With saith, them upon looking Jesus And
saved? be can then Who themselves, among saying measure, of out astonished were they And
God. of kingdom the into enter to man rich a for than needle, a of eye the through go to camel a for easier is It
God! of kingdom the into enter to riches in trust that them for it is hard how Children, them, unto saith and again, answereth Jesus But words. his at astonished were disciples the And
God! of kingdom the into enter riches have that they shall hardly How disciples, his unto saith and about, round looked Jesus And
possessions. great had he for grieved: away went and saying, that at sad was he And
me. follow and cross, the up take come, and heaven: in treasure have shalt thou and poor, the to give and hast, thou whatsoever sell way, thy go lackest: thou thing One him, unto said and him, loved him beholding Jesus Then
youth. my from observed I have these all Master, him, unto said and answered he And
mother. and father thy Honour not, Defraud witness, false bear not Do steal, not Do kill, not Do adultery, commit not Do commandments, the knowest Thou
God. is, that one, but good none is there good? me thou callest Why him, unto said Jesus And
life? eternal inherit may I that do I shall what Master, Good him, asked and him, to kneeled and running, one came there way, the into forth gone was he when And
them. blessed and them, upon hands his put arms, his in up them took he And
therein. enter not shall he child, little a as God of kingdom the receive not shall Whosoever you, unto say I Verily
God. of kingdom the is such of for not: them forbid and me, unto come to children little the Suffer them, unto said and displeased, much was he it, saw Jesus when But
them. brought that those rebuked disciples his and them: touch should he that him, to children young brought they And
adultery. committeth she another, to married be and husband, her away put shall woman a if And
her. against adultery committeth another, marry and wife, his away put shall Whosoever them, unto saith he And
matter. same the of again him asked disciples his house the in And
asunder. put man not let together, joined hath God therefore What
flesh. one but twain, more no are they then so flesh: one be shall twain they And
wife; his to cleave and mother, and father his leave man a shall cause this For
female. and male them made God creation the of beginning the from But
precept. this you wrote he heart your of hardness the For them, unto said and answered Jesus And
away. her put to and divorcement, of bill a write to suffered Moses said, they And
you? command Moses did What them, unto said and answered he And
him. tempting wife? his away put to man a for lawful it Is him, asked and him, to came Pharisees the And
again. them taught he wont, was he as and, again; him unto resort people the and Jordan: of side farther the by Judaea of coasts the into cometh and thence, from arose he And
another. with one peace have and yourselves, in salt Have it? season ye will wherewith saltness, his lost have salt the if but good: is Salt
salt. with salted be shall sacrifice every and fire, with salted be shall one every For
quenched. not is fire the and not, dieth worm their Where
fire: hell into cast be to eyes two having than eye, one with God of kingdom the into enter to thee for better is it out: it pluck thee, offend eye thine if And
quenched. not is fire the and not, dieth worm their Where
quenched: be shall never that fire the into hell, into cast be to feet two having than life, into halt enter to thee for better is it off: it cut thee, offend foot thy if And
quenched. not is fire the and not, dieth worm their Where
quenched: be shall never that fire the into hell, into go to hands two having than maimed, life into enter to thee for better is it off: it cut thee, offend hand thy if And
sea. the into cast were he and neck, his about hanged were millstone a that him for better is it me, in believe that ones little these of one offend shall whosoever And
reward. his lose not shall he you, unto say I verily Christ, to belong ye because name, my in drink to water of cup a you give shall whosoever For
part. our on is us against not is that he For
me. of evil speak lightly can that name, my in miracle a do shall which man no is there for not: him Forbid said, Jesus But
us. not followeth he because him, forbad we and us: not followeth he and name, thy in devils out casting one saw we Master, saying, him, answered John And
me. sent that him but me, not receiveth me, receive shall whosoever and me: receiveth name, my in children such of one receive shall Whosoever
them, unto said he arms, his in him taken had he when and them: of midst the in him set and child, a took he And
all. of servant and all, of last be shall same the first, be to desire man any If them, unto saith and twelve, the called and down, sat he And
greatest. the be should who themselves, among disputed had they way the by for peace: their held they But
way? the by yourselves among disputed ye that it was What them, asked he house the in being and Capernaum: to came he And
him. ask to afraid were and saying, that not understood they But
day. third the rise shall he killed, is he that after and him; kill shall they and men, of hands the into delivered is man of Son The them, unto said and disciples, his taught he For
it. know should man any that not would he and Galilee; through passed and thence, departed they And
fasting. and prayer by but nothing, by forth come can kind This them, unto said he And
out? him cast we not could Why privately, him asked disciples his house, the into come was he when And
arose. he and up; him lifted and hand, the by him took Jesus But
dead. is He said, many that insomuch dead; one as was he and him: of out came and sore, him rent and cried, spirit the And
him. into more no enter and him, of out come thee, charge I spirit, deaf and dumb Thou him, unto saying spirit, foul the rebuked he together, running came people the that saw Jesus When
unbelief. mine thou help believe; I Lord, tears, with said and out, cried child the of father the straightway And
believeth. that him to possible are things all believe, canst thou If him, unto said Jesus
us. help and us, on compassion have thing, any do canst thou if but him: destroy to waters, the into and fire, the into him cast hath it ofttimes And
child. a Of said, he And him? unto came this since ago it is long How father, his asked he And
foaming. wallowed and ground, the on fell he and him; tare spirit the straightway him, saw he when and him: unto him brought they And
me. unto him bring you? suffer I shall long how you? with be I shall long how generation, faithless O saith, and him, answereth He
not. could they and out; him cast should they that disciples thy to spake I and away: pineth and teeth, his with gnasheth and foameth, he and him: teareth he him, taketh he wheresoever And
spirit; dumb a hath which son, my thee unto brought have I Master, said, and answered multitude the of one And
them? with ye question What scribes, the asked he And
him. saluted him to running and amazed, greatly were him, beheld they when people, the all straightway And
them. with questioning scribes the and them, about multitude great a saw he disciples, his to came he when And
him. of written is it as listed, they whatsoever him unto done have they and come, indeed is Elias That you, unto say I But
nought. at set be and things, many suffer must he that man, of Son the of written is it how and things; all restoreth and first, cometh verily Elias them, told and answered he And
come? first must Elias that scribes the say Why saying, him, asked they And
mean. should dead the from rising the what another with one questioning themselves, with saying that kept they And
dead. the from risen were man of Son the till seen, had they things what man no tell should they that them charged he mountain, the from down came they as And
themselves. with only Jesus save more, any man no saw they about, round looked had they when suddenly, And
him. hear Son: beloved my is This saying, cloud, the of out came voice a and them: overshadowed that cloud a was there And
afraid. sore were they for say; to what not wist he For
Elias. for one and Moses, for one and thee, for one tabernacles; three make us let and here: be to us for good is it Master, Jesus, to said and answered Peter And
Jesus. with talking were they and Moses: with Elias them unto appeared there And
them. white can earth on fuller no as so snow; as white exceeding shining, became raiment his And
them. before transfigured was he and themselves: by apart mountain high an into up them leadeth and John, and James, and Peter, him with taketh Jesus days six after And
power. with come God of kingdom the seen have they till death, of taste not shall which here, stand that them of some be there That you, unto say I Verily them, unto said he And
angels. holy the with Father his of glory the in cometh he when ashamed, be man of Son the shall also him of generation; sinful and adulterous this in words my of and me of ashamed be shall therefore Whosoever
soul? his for exchange in give man a shall what Or
soul? own his lose and world, whole the gain shall he if man, a profit it shall what For
it. save shall same the gospel's, the and sake my for life his lose shall whosoever but it; lose shall life his save will whosoever For
me. follow and cross, his up take and himself, deny him let me, after come will Whosoever them, unto said he also, disciples his with him unto people the called had he when And
men. of be that things the but God, of be that things the not savourest thou for Satan: me, behind thee Get saying, Peter, rebuked he disciples, his on looked and about turned had he when But
him. rebuke to began and him, took Peter And openly. saying that spake he And
again. rise days three after and killed, be and scribes, and priests, chief the of and elders, the of rejected be and things, many suffer must man of Son the that them, teach to began he And
him. of man no tell should they that them charged he And
Christ. the art Thou him, unto saith and answereth Peter And am? I that ye say whom But them, unto saith he And
prophets. the of One others, and Elias; say, some but Baptist; the John answered, they And
am? I that say men do Whom them, unto saying disciples, his asked he way the by and Philippi: Caesarea of towns the into disciples, his and out, went Jesus And
town. the in any to it tell nor town, the into go Neither saying, house, his to away him sent he And
clearly. man every saw and restored, was he and up: look him made and eyes, his upon again hands his put he that After
walking. trees, as men see I said, and up, looked he And
ought. saw he if him asked he him, upon hands his put and eyes, his on spit had he when and town; the of out him led and hand, the by man blind the took he And
him. touch to him besought and him, unto man blind a bring they and Bethsaida; to cometh he And
understand? not do ye that it is How them, unto said he And
Seven. said, they And up? ye took fragments of full baskets many how thousand, four among seven the when And
Twelve. him, unto say They up? ye took fragments of full baskets many how thousand, five among loaves five the brake I When
remember? not ye do and not? ye hear ears, having and not? ye see eyes, Having
hardened? yet heart your ye have understand? neither yet, not ye perceive bread? no have ye because ye, reason Why them, unto saith he it, knew Jesus when And
bread. no have we because is It saying, themselves, among reasoned they And
Herod. of leaven the of and Pharisees, the of leaven the of beware heed, Take saying, them, charged he And
loaf. one than more them with ship the in they had neither bread, take to forgotten had disciples the Now
side. other the to departed again ship the into entering and them, left he And
generation. this unto given be sign no shall There you, unto say I verily sign? a after seek generation this doth Why saith, and spirit, his in deeply sighed he And
him. tempting heaven, from sign a him of seeking him, with question to began and forth, came Pharisees the And
Dalmanutha. of parts the into came and disciples, his with ship a into entered he straightway And
away. them sent he and thousand: four about were eaten had that they And
baskets. seven left was that meat broken the of up took they and filled: were and eat, did they So
them. before also them set to commanded and blessed, he and fishes: small few a had they And
people. the before them set did they and them; before set to disciples his to gave and brake, and thanks, gave and loaves, seven the took he and ground: the on down sit to people the commanded he And
Seven. said, they And ye? have loaves many How them, asked he And
wilderness? the in here bread with men these satisfy man a can whence From him, answered disciples his And
far. from came them of divers for way: the by faint will they houses, own their to fasting away them send I if And
eat: to nothing have and days, three me with been now have they because multitude, the on compassion have I
them, unto saith and him, unto disciples his called Jesus eat, to nothing having and great, very being multitude the days those In
speak. to dumb the and hear, to deaf the both maketh he well: things all done hath He saying, astonished, measure beyond were And
it; published they deal great a more the much so them, charged he more the but man: no tell should they that them charged he And
plain. spake he and loosed, was tongue his of string the and opened, were ears his straightway And
opened. Be is, that Ephphatha, him, unto saith and sighed, he heaven, to up looking And
tongue; his touched and spit, he and ears, his into fingers his put and multitude, the from aside him took he And
him. upon hand his put to him beseech they and speech; his in impediment an had and deaf, was that one him unto bring they And
Decapolis. of coasts the of midst the through Galilee, of sea the unto came he Sidon, and Tyre of coasts the from departing again, And
bed. the upon laid daughter her and out, gone devil the found she house, her to come was she when And
daughter. thy of out gone is devil the way; thy go saying this For her, unto said he And
crumbs. children's the of eat table the under dogs the yet Lord: Yes, him, unto said and answered she And
dogs. the unto it cast to and bread, children's the take to meet not is it for filled: be first children the Let her, unto said Jesus But
daughter. her of out devil the forth cast would he that him besought she and nation; by Syrophenician a Greek, a was woman The
feet: his at fell and came and him, of heard spirit, unclean an had daughter young whose woman, certain a For
hid. be not could he but it: know man no have would and house, an into entered and Sidon, and Tyre of borders the into went and arose, he thence from And
man. the defile and within, from come things evil these All
foolishness: pride, blasphemy, eye, evil an lasciviousness, deceit, wickedness, covetousness, Thefts,
murders, fornications, adulteries, thoughts, evil proceed men, of heart the of out within, from For
man. the defileth that man, the of out cometh which That said, he And
meats? all purging draught, the into out goeth and belly, the into but heart, his into not entereth it Because
him; defile cannot it man, the into entereth without from thing whatsoever that perceive, not ye Do also? understanding without so ye Are them, unto saith he And
parable. the concerning him asked disciples his people, the from house the into entered was he when And
hear. him let hear, to ears have man any If
man. the defile that they are those him, of out come which things the but him: defile can him into entering that man, a without from nothing is There
understand: and you, of one every me unto Hearken them, unto said he him, unto people the all called had he when And
ye. do things like such many and delivered: have ye which tradition, your through effect none of God of word the Making
mother; his or father his for ought do to more no him suffer ye And
free. be shall he me; by profited be mightest thou whatsoever by gift, a say, to is that Corban, is It mother, or father his to say shall man a If say, ye But
death: the die him let mother, or father curseth Whoso and, mother; thy and father thy Honour said, Moses For
tradition. own your keep may ye that God, of commandment the reject ye well Full them, unto said he And
do. ye things like such other many and cups: and pots of washing the as men, of tradition the hold ye God, of commandment the aside laying For
men. of commandments the doctrines for teaching me, worship they do vain in Howbeit
me. from far is heart their but lips, their with me honoureth people This written, is it as hypocrites, you of prophesied Esaias hath Well them, unto said and answered He
hands? unwashen with bread eat but elders, the of tradition the to according disciples thy not walk Why him, asked scribes and Pharisees the Then
tables. of and vessels, brasen pots, and cups, of washing the as hold, to received have they which be, there things other many And not. eat they wash, they except market, the from come they when And
elders. the of tradition the holding not, eat oft, hands their wash they except Jews, the all and Pharisees, the For
fault. found they hands, unwashen, with say, to is that defiled, with bread eat disciples his of some saw they when And
Jerusalem. from came which scribes, the of certain and Pharisees, the him unto together came Then
whole. made were him touched as many as and garment: his of border the but were it if touch might they that him besought and streets, the in sick the laid they country, or cities, or villages, into entered, he whithersoever And
was. he heard they where sick, were that those beds in about carry to began and about, round region whole that through ran And
him, knew they straightway ship, the of out come were they when And
shore. the to drew and Gennesaret, of land the into came they over, passed had they when And
hardened. was heart their for loaves: the of miracle the not considered they For
wondered. and measure, beyond themselves in amazed sore were they and ceased: wind the and ship; the into them unto up went he And
afraid. not be I; is it cheer: good of Be them, unto saith and them, with talked he immediately And troubled. were and him, saw all they For
out: cried and spirit, a been had it supposed they sea, the upon walking him saw they when But
them. by passed have would and sea, the upon walking them, unto cometh he night the of watch fourth the about and them: unto contrary was wind the for rowing; in toiling them saw he And
land. the on alone he and sea, the of midst the in was ship the come, was even when And
pray. to mountain a into departed he away, them sent had he when And
people. the away sent he while Bethsaida, unto before side other the to go to and ship, the into get to disciples his constrained he straightway And
men. thousand five about were loaves the of eat did that they And
fishes. the of and fragments, the of full baskets twelve up took they And
filled. were and eat, all did they And
all. them among he divided fishes two the and them; before set to disciples his to them gave and loaves, the brake and blessed, and heaven, to up looked he fishes, two the and loaves five the taken had he when And
fifties. by and hundreds, by ranks, in down sat they And
grass. green the upon companies by down sit all make to them commanded he And
fishes. two and Five, say, they knew, they when And see. and go ye? have loaves many How them, unto saith He
eat? to them give and bread, of pennyworth hundred two buy and go we Shall him, unto say they And eat. to them ye Give them, unto said and answered He
eat. to nothing have they for bread: themselves buy and villages, the into and about, round country the into go may they that away, them Send
passed: far is time the now and place, desert a is This said, and him, unto came disciples his spent, far now was day the when And
things. many them teach to began he and shepherd: a having not sheep as were they because them, toward compassion with moved was and people, much saw out, came he when Jesus, And
him. unto together came and them, outwent and cities, all of out thither afoot ran and him, knew many and departing, them saw people the And
privately. ship by place desert a into departed they And
eat. to as much so leisure no had they and going, and coming many were there for while: a rest and place, desert a into apart yourselves ye Come them, unto said he And
taught. had they what and done, had they what both things, all him told and Jesus, unto together themselves gathered apostles the And
tomb. a in it laid and corpse, his up took and came they it, of heard disciples his when And
mother. her to it gave damsel the and damsel: the to it gave and charger, a in head his brought And
prison, the in him beheaded and went he and brought: be to head his commanded and executioner, an sent king the immediately And
her. reject not would he him, with sat which sakes their for and sake, oath's his for yet sorry; exceeding was king the And
Baptist. the John of head the charger a in by and by me give thou that will I saying, asked, and king, the unto haste with straightway in came she And
Baptist. the John of head The said, she And ask? I shall What mother, her unto said and forth, went she And
kingdom. my of half the unto thee, it give will I me, of ask shalt thou Whatsoever her, unto sware he And
thee. it give will I and wilt, thou whatsoever me of Ask damsel, the unto said king the him, with sat that them and Herod pleased and danced, and in, came Herodias said the of daughter the when And
Galilee; of estates chief and captains, high lords, his to supper a made birthday his on Herod that come, was day convenient a when And
gladly. him heard and things, many did he him, heard he when and him; observed and holy, an and man just a was he that knowing John, feared Herod For
not: could she but him; killed have would and him, against quarrel a had Herodias Therefore
wife. brother's thy have to thee for lawful not is It Herod, unto said had John For
her. married had he for wife: Philip's brother his sake, Herodias' for prison in him bound and John, upon hold laid and forth sent had himself Herod For
dead. the from risen is he beheaded: I whom John, is It said, he thereof, heard Herod when But
prophets. the of one as or prophet, a is it That said, others And Elias. is it That said, Others
him. in themselves forth shew do works mighty therefore and dead, the from risen was Baptist the John That said, he and abroad:) spread was name his (for him; of heard Herod king And
them. healed and sick, were that many oil with anointed and devils, many out cast they And
repent. should men that preached and out, went they And
city. that for than judgment, of day the in Gomorrha and Sodom for tolerable more be shall It you, unto say I Verily them. against testimony a for feet your under dust the off shake thence, depart ye when you, hear nor you, receive not shall whosoever And
place. that from depart ye till abide there house, an into enter ye soever place what In them, unto said he And
coats. two on put not and sandals; with shod be But
purse: their in money no bread, no scrip, no only; staff a save journey, their for nothing take should they that them commanded And
spirits; unclean over power them gave and two; and two by forth them send to began and twelve, the him unto called he And
teaching. villages, the about round went he And unbelief. their of because marvelled he And
them. healed and folk, sick few a upon hands his laid he that save work, mighty no do there could he And
house. own his in and kin, own his among and country, own his in but honour, without not is prophet A them, unto said Jesus, But
him. at offended were they And us? with here sisters his not are and Simon? and Juda, of and Joses, and James, of brother the Mary, of son the carpenter, the this not Is
hands? his by wrought are works mighty such even that him, unto given is which this is wisdom what and things? these man this hath whence From saying, astonished, were him hearing many and synagogue: the in teach to began he come, was day sabbath the when And
him. follow disciples his and country; own his into came and thence, from out went he And
eat. to her given be should something that commanded and it; know should man no that straitly them charged he And
astonishment. great a with astonished were they And years. twelve of age the of was she for walked; and arose, damsel the straightway And
arise. thee, unto say I Damsel, interpreted, being is, which cumi; Talitha her, unto said and hand, the by damsel the took he And
lying. was damsel the where in entereth and him, with were that them and damsel, the of mother the and father the taketh he out, all them put had he when But scorn. to him laughed they And
sleepeth. but dead, not is damsel the weep? and ado, this ye make Why them, unto saith he in, come was he when And
greatly. wailed and wept that them and tumult, the seeth and synagogue, the of ruler the of house the to cometh he And
James. of brother the John and James, and Peter, save him, follow to man no suffered he And
believe. only afraid, not Be synagogue, the of ruler the unto saith he spoken, was that word the heard Jesus as soon As
further? any Master the thou troublest why dead: is daughter Thy said, which certain house synagogue's the of ruler the from came there spake, yet he While
plague. thy of whole be and peace, in go whole; thee made hath faith thy Daughter, her, unto said he And
truth. the all him told and him, before down fell and came her, in done was what knowing trembling, and fearing woman the But
thing. this done had that her see to about round looked he And
me? touched Who thou, sayest and thee, thronging multitude the seest Thou him, unto said disciples his And
clothes? my touched Who said, and press, the in about him turned him, of out gone had virtue that himself in knowing immediately Jesus, And
plague. that of healed was she that body her in felt she and up; dried was blood her of fountain the straightway And
whole. be shall I clothes, his but touch may I If said, she For
garment. his touched and behind, press the in came Jesus, of heard had she When
worse, grew rather but bettered, nothing was and had, she that all spent had and physicians, many of things many suffered had And
years, twelve blood of issue an had which woman, certain a And
him. thronged and him, followed people much and him; with went Jesus And
live. shall she and healed; be may she that her, on hands thy lay and come thee, pray I death: of point the at lieth daughter little My saying, greatly, him besought And
feet, his at fell he him, saw he when and name; by Jairus synagogue, the of rulers the of one cometh there behold, And,
sea. the unto nigh was he and him: unto gathered people much side, other the unto ship by again over passed was Jesus when And
marvel. did men all and him: for done had Jesus things great how Decapolis in publish to began and departed, he And
thee. on compassion had hath and thee, for done hath Lord the things great how them tell and friends, thy to home Go him, unto saith but not, him suffered Jesus Howbeit
him. with be might he that him prayed devil the with possessed been had that he ship, the into come was he when And
coasts. their of out depart to him pray to began they And
swine. the concerning also and devil, the with possessed was that him to befell it how them told it saw that they And
afraid. were they and mind: right his in and clothed, and sitting, legion, the had and devil, the with possessed was that him see and Jesus, to come they And
done. was that was it what see to out went they And country. the in and city, the in it told and fled, swine the fed that they And
sea. the in choked were and thousand;) two about were (they sea, the into place steep a down violently ran herd the and swine: the into entered and out, went spirits unclean the And leave. them gave Jesus forthwith And
them. into enter may we that swine, the into us Send saying, him, besought devils the all And
feeding. swine of herd great a mountains the unto nigh there was there Now
country. the of out away them send not would he that much him besought he And
many. are we for Legion: is name My saying, answered, he And name? thy is What him, asked he And
spirit. unclean thou man, the of out Come him, unto said he For
not. me torment thou that God, by thee adjure I God? high most the of Son thou Jesus, thee, with do to I have What said, and voice, loud a with cried And
him, worshipped and ran he off, afar Jesus saw he when But
stones. with himself cutting and crying, tombs, the in and mountains, the in was he day, and night always, And
him. tame man any could neither pieces: in broken fetters the and him, by asunder plucked been had chains the and chains, and fetters with bound often been had he that Because
chains: with not no, him, bind could man no and tombs; the among dwelling his had Who
spirit, unclean an with man a tombs the of out him met there immediately ship, the of out come was he when And
Gadarenes. the of country the into sea, the of side other the unto over came they And
him? obey sea the and wind the even that this, is man of manner What another, to one said and exceedingly, feared they And
faith? no have ye that it is how fearful? so ye are Why them, unto said he And
calm. great a was there and ceased, wind the And still. be Peace, sea, the unto said and wind, the rebuked and arose, he And
perish? we that not thou carest Master, him, unto say and him, awake they and pillow: a on asleep ship, the of part hinder the in was he And
full. now was it that so ship, the into beat waves the and wind, of storm great a arose there And
ships. little other him with also were there And ship. the in was he as even him took they multitude, the away sent had they when And
side. other the unto over pass us Let them, unto saith he come, was even the when day, same the And
disciples. his to things all expounded he alone, were they when and them: unto not he spake parable a without But
it. hear to able were they as them, unto word the he spake parables such many with And
it. of shadow the under lodge may air the of fowls the that so branches; great out shooteth and herbs, all than greater becometh and up, groweth it sown, is it when But
earth: the in be that seeds the all than less is earth, the in sown is it when which, seed, mustard of grain a like is It
it? compare we shall comparison what with or God? of kingdom the liken we shall Whereunto said, he And
come. is harvest the because sickle, the in putteth he immediately forth, brought is fruit the when But
ear. the in corn full the that after ear, the then blade, the first herself; of fruit forth bringeth earth the For
how. not knoweth he up, grow and spring should seed the and day, and night rise and sleep, should And
ground; the into seed cast should man a if as God, of kingdom the is So said, he And
hath. he which that even taken be shall him from not, hath that he and given: be shall him to hath, that he For
given. be more shall hear that you unto and you: to measured be shall it mete, ye measure what with hear: ye what heed Take them, unto said he And
hear. him let hear, to ears have man any If
abroad. come should it that but secret, kept thing any was neither manifested; be not shall which hid, nothing is there For
candlestick? a on set be to not and bed? a under or bushel, a under put be to brought candle a Is them, unto said he And
hundred. an some and sixty, some thirtyfold, some fruit, forth bring and it, receive and word, the hear as such ground; good on sown are which they are these And
unfruitful. becometh it and word, the choke in, entering things other of lusts the and riches, of deceitfulness the and world, this of cares the And
word, the hear as such thorns; among sown are which they are these And
offended. are they immediately sake, word's the for ariseth persecution or affliction when afterward, time: a for but endure so and themselves, in root no have And
gladness; with it receive immediately word, the heard have they when who, ground; stony on sown are which likewise they are these And
hearts. their in sown was that word the away taketh and immediately, cometh Satan heard, have they when but sown; is word the where side, way the by they are these And
word. the soweth sower The
parables? all know ye will then how and parable? this not ye Know them, unto said he And
them. forgiven be should sins their and converted, be should they time any at lest understand; not and hear, may they hearing and perceive; not and see, may they seeing That
parables: in done are things these all without, are that them unto but God: of kingdom the of mystery the know to given is it you Unto them, unto said he And
parable. the him of asked twelve the with him about were that they alone, was he when And
hear. him let hear, to ears hath that He them, unto said he And
hundred. an some and sixty, some and thirty, some forth, brought and increased; and up sprang that fruit yield did and ground, good on fell other And
fruit. no yielded it and it, choked and up, grew thorns the and thorns, among fell some And
away. withered it root, no had it because and scorched; was it up, was sun the when But
earth: of depth no had it because up, sprang it immediately and earth; much not had it where ground, stony on fell some And
up. it devoured and came air the of fowls the and side, way the by fell some sowed, he as pass, to came it And
sow: to sower a out went there Behold, Hearken;
doctrine, his in them unto said and parables, by things many them taught he And
land. the on sea the by was multitude whole the and sea; the in sat and ship, a into entered he that so multitude, great a him unto gathered was there and side: sea the by teach to again began he And
mother. and sister, my and brother, my is same the God, of will the do shall whosoever For
brethren! my and mother my Behold said, and him, about sat which them on about round looked he And
brethren? my or mother, my is Who saying, them, answered he And
thee. for seek without brethren thy and mother thy Behold, him, unto said they and him, about sat multitude the And
him. calling him, unto sent without, standing and, mother, his and brethren his then came There
spirit. unclean an hath He said, they Because
damnation. eternal of danger in is but forgiveness, never hath Ghost Holy the against blaspheme shall that he But
blaspheme: shall they soever wherewith blasphemies and men, of sons the unto forgiven be shall sins All you, unto say I Verily
house. his spoil will he then and man; strong the bind first will he except goods, his spoil and house, man's strong a into enter can man No
end. an hath but stand, cannot he divided, be and himself, against up rise Satan if And
stand. cannot house that itself, against divided be house a if And
stand. cannot kingdom that itself, against divided be kingdom a if And
Satan? out cast Satan can How parables, in them unto said and him, unto them called he And
devils. out he casteth devils the of prince the by and Beelzebub, hath He said, Jerusalem from down came which scribes the And
himself. beside is He said, they for him: on hold lay to out went they it, of heard friends his when And
bread. eat as much so not could they that so again, together cometh multitude the And
house. an into went they and him: betrayed also which Iscariot, Judas And
Canaanite, the Simon and Thaddaeus, and Alphaeus, of son the James and Thomas, and Matthew, and Bartholomew, and Philip, and Andrew, And
thunder: of sons The is, which Boanerges, them surnamed he and James; of brother the John and Zebedee, of son the James And
Peter; surnamed he Simon And
devils: out cast to and sicknesses, heal to power have to And
preach, to forth them send might he that and him, with be should they that twelve, ordained he And
him. unto came they and would: he whom him unto calleth and mountain, a into up goeth he And
known. him make not should they that them charged straitly he And
God. of Son the art Thou saying, cried, and him, before down fell him, saw they when spirits, unclean And
plagues. had as many as him, touch to for him upon pressed they that insomuch many; healed had he For
him. throng should they lest multitude, the of because him on wait should ship small a that disciples, his to spake he And
him. unto came did, he things great what heard had they when multitude, great a Sidon, and Tyre about they and Jordan; beyond from and Idumaea, from and Jerusalem, from And
Judaea, from and him, followed Galilee from multitude great a and sea: the to disciples his with himself withdrew Jesus But
him. destroy might they how him, against Herodians the with counsel took straightway and forth, went Pharisees the And
other. the as whole restored was hand his and out: it stretched he And hand. thine forth Stretch man, the unto saith he hearts, their of hardness the for grieved being anger, with them on about round looked had he when And
peace. their held they But kill? to or life, save to evil? do to or days, sabbath the on good do to lawful it Is them, unto saith he And
forth. Stand hand, withered the had which man the unto saith he And
him. accuse might they that day; sabbath the on him heal would he whether him, watched they And
hand. withered a had which there man a was there and synagogue; the into again entered he And
sabbath. the of also Lord is man of Son the Therefore
sabbath: the for man not and man, for made was sabbath The them, unto said he And
him? with were which them to also gave and priests, the for but eat to lawful not is which shewbread, the eat did and priest, high the Abiathar of days the in God of house the into went he How
him? with were that they and he, hungred, an was and need, had he when did, David what read never ye Have them, unto said he And
lawful? not is which that day sabbath the on they do why Behold, him, unto said Pharisees the And
corn. of ears the pluck to went, they as began, disciples his and day; sabbath the on fields corn the through went he that pass, to came it And
bottles. new into put be must wine new but marred: be will bottles the and spilled, is wine the and bottles, the burst doth wine new the else bottles: old into wine new putteth man no And
worse. made is rent the and old, the from away taketh up it filled that piece new the else garment: old an on cloth new of piece a seweth also man No
days. those in fast they shall then and them, from away taken be shall bridegroom the when come, will days the But
fast. cannot they them, with bridegroom the have they as long as them? with is bridegroom the while fast, bridechamber the of children the Can them, unto said Jesus And
not? fast disciples thy but fast, Pharisees the of and John of disciples the do Why him, unto say and come they and fast: to used Pharisees the of and John of disciples the And
repentance. to sinners but righteous, the call to not came I sick: are that they but physician, the of need no have whole are that They them, unto saith he it, heard Jesus When
sinners? and publicans with drinketh and eateth he that it is How disciples, his unto said they sinners, and publicans with eat him saw Pharisees and scribes the when And
him. followed they and many, were there for disciples: his and Jesus with together also sat sinners and publicans many house, his in meat at sat Jesus as that, pass, to came it And
him. followed and arose he And me. Follow him, unto said and custom, of receipt the at sitting Alphaeus of son the Levi saw he by, passed he as And
them. taught he and him, unto resorted multitude the all and side; sea the by again forth went he And
fashion. this on it saw never We saying, God, glorified and amazed, all were they that insomuch all; them before forth went and bed, the up took arose, he immediately And
house. thine into way thy go and bed, thy up take and Arise, thee, unto say I
palsy,) the of sick the to saith (he sins, forgive to earth on power hath man of Son the that know may ye that But
walk? and bed, thy up take and Arise, say, to or thee; forgiven be sins Thy palsy, the of sick the to say to easier it is Whether
hearts? your in things these ye reason Why them, unto said he themselves, within reasoned so they that spirit his in perceived Jesus when immediately And
only? God but sins forgive can who blasphemies? speak thus man this doth Why
hearts, their in reasoning and there, sitting scribes the of certain was there But
thee. forgiven be sins thy Son, palsy, the of sick the unto said he faith, their saw Jesus When
lay. palsy the of sick the wherein bed the down let they up, it broken had they when and was: he where roof the uncovered they press, the for him unto nigh come not could they when And
four. of borne was which palsy, the of sick one bringing him, unto come they And
them. unto word the preached he and door: the about as much so not no, them, receive to room no was there that insomuch together, gathered were many straightway And
house. the in was he that noised was it and days; some after Capernaum into entered he again And
quarter. every from him to came they and places: desert in without was but city, the into enter openly more no could Jesus that insomuch matter, the abroad blaze to and much, it publish to began and out, went he But
them. unto testimony a for commanded, Moses which things those cleansing thy for offer and priest, the to thyself shew way, thy go but man: any to nothing say thou See him, unto saith And
away; him sent forthwith and him, charged straitly he And
cleansed. was he and him, from departed leprosy the immediately spoken, had he as soon as And
clean. thou be will; I him, unto saith and him, touched and hand, his forth put compassion, with moved Jesus, And
clean. me make canst thou wilt, thou If him, unto saying and him, to down kneeling and him, beseeching him, to leper a came there And
devils. out cast and Galilee, all throughout synagogues their in preached he And
forth. I came therefore for also: there preach may I that towns, next the into go us Let them, unto said he And
thee. for seek men All him, unto said they him, found had they when And
him. after followed him with were that they and Simon And
prayed. there and place, solitary a into departed and out, went he day, before while great a up rising morning, the in And
him. knew they because speak, to devils the not suffered and devils; many out cast and diseases, divers of sick were that many healed he And
door. the at together gathered was city the all And
devils. with possessed were that them and diseased, were that all him unto brought they set, did sun the when even, at And
them. unto ministered she and her, left fever the immediately and up; her lifted and hand, the by her took and came he And
her. of him tell they anon and fever, a of sick lay mother wife's Simon's But
John. and James with Andrew, and Simon of house the into entered they synagogue, the of out come were they when forthwith, And
Galilee. about round region the all throughout abroad spread fame his immediately And
him. obey do they and spirits, unclean the even he commandeth authority with for this? is doctrine new what this? is thing What saying, themselves, among questioned they that insomuch amazed, all were they And
him. of out came he voice, loud a with cried and him, torn had spirit unclean the when And
him. of out come and peace, thy Hold saying, him, rebuked Jesus And
God. of One Holy the art, thou who thee know I us? destroy to come thou art Nazareth? of Jesus thou thee, with do to we have what alone; us Let Saying,
out, cried he and spirit; unclean an with man a synagogue their in was there And
scribes. the as not and authority, had that one as them taught he for doctrine: his at astonished were they And
taught. and synagogue, the into entered he day sabbath the on straightway and Capernaum; into went they And
him. after went and servants, hired the with ship the in Zebedee father their left they and them: called he straightway And
nets. their mending ship the in were also who brother, his John and Zebedee, of son the James saw he thence, farther little a gone had he when And
him. followed and nets, their forsook they straightway And
men. of fishers become to you make will I and me, after ye Come them, unto said Jesus And
fishers. were they for sea: the into net a casting brother his Andrew and Simon saw he Galilee, of sea the by walked he as Now
gospel. the believe and ye, repent hand: at is God of kingdom the and fulfilled, is time The saying, And
God, of kingdom the of gospel the preaching Galilee, into came Jesus prison, in put was John that after Now
him. unto ministered angels the and beasts; wild the with was and Satan; of tempted days, forty wilderness the in there was he And
wilderness. the into him driveth spirit the immediately And
pleased. well am I whom in Son, beloved my art Thou saying, heaven, from voice a came there And
him: upon descending dove a like Spirit the and opened, heavens the saw he water, the of out up coming straightway And
Jordan. in John of baptized was and Galilee, of Nazareth from came Jesus that days, those in pass to came it And
Ghost. Holy the with you baptize shall he but water: with you baptized have indeed I
unloose. and down stoop to worthy not am I shoes whose of latchet the me, after I than mightier one cometh There saying, preached, And
honey; wild and locusts eat did he and loins; his about skin a of girdle a with and hair, camel's with clothed was John And
sins. their confessing Jordan, of river the in him of baptized all were and Jerusalem, of they and Judaea, of land the all him unto out went there And
sins. of remission the for repentance of baptism the preach and wilderness, the in baptize did John
straight. paths his make Lord, the of way the ye Prepare wilderness, the in crying one of voice The
thee. before way thy prepare shall which face, thy before messenger my send I Behold, prophets, the in written is it As
God; of Son the Christ, Jesus of gospel the of beginning The
Mark
Amen. world. the of end the unto even always, you with am I lo, and, you: commanded have I whatsoever things all observe to them Teaching
Ghost: Holy the of and Son, the of and Father, the of name the in them baptizing nations, all teach and therefore, ye Go
earth. in and heaven in me unto given is power All saying, them, unto spake and came Jesus And
doubted. some but him: worshipped they him, saw they when And
them. appointed had Jesus where mountain a into Galilee, into away went disciples eleven the Then
day. this until Jews the among reported commonly is saying this and taught: were they as did and money, the took they So
you. secure and him, persuade will we ears, governor's the to come this if And
slept. we while away him stole and night, by came disciples His ye, Say Saying,
soldiers, the unto money large gave they counsel, taken had and elders, the with assembled were they when And
done. were that things the all priests chief the unto shewed and city, the into came watch the of some behold, going, were they when Now
me. see they shall there and Galilee, into go they that brethren my tell go afraid: not Be them, unto Jesus said Then
him. worshipped and feet, the by him held and came they And hail. All saying, them, met Jesus behold, disciples, his tell to went they as And
word. disciples his bring to run did and joy; great and fear with sepulchre the from quickly departed they And
you. told have I lo, him: see ye shall there Galilee; into you before goeth he behold, and, dead; the from risen is he that disciples his tell and quickly, go And
lay. Lord the where place the see Come, said. he as risen, is he for here: not is He
crucified. was which Jesus, seek ye that know I for ye: not Fear women, the unto said and answered angel the And
men. dead as became and shake, did keepers the him of fear for And
snow: as white raiment his and lightning, like was countenance His
it. upon sat and door, the from stone the back rolled and came and heaven, from descended Lord the of angel the for earthquake: great a was there behold, And,
sepulchre. the see to Mary other the and Magdalene Mary came week, the of day first the toward dawn to began it as sabbath, the of end the In
watch. a setting and stone, the sealing sure, sepulchre the made and went, they So
can. ye as sure as it make way, your go watch: a have Ye them, unto said Pilate
first. the than worse be shall error last the so dead: the from risen is He people, the unto say and away, him steal and night, by come disciples his lest day, third the until sure made be sepulchre the that therefore Command
again. rise will I days three After alive, yet was he while said, deceiver that that remember we Sir, Saying,
Pilate, unto together came Pharisees and priests chief the preparation, the of day the followed that day, next the Now
sepulchre. the against over sitting Mary, other the and Magdalene, Mary was there And
departed. and sepulchre, the of door the to stone great a rolled he and rock: the in out hewn had he which tomb, new own his in it laid And
cloth, linen clean a in it wrapped he body, the taken had Joseph when And
delivered. be to body the commanded Pilate Then Jesus. of body the begged and Pilate, to went He
disciple: Jesus' was himself also who Joseph, named Arimathaea, of man rich a came there come, was even the When
children. Zebedees of mother the and Joses, and James of mother the Mary and Magdalene, Mary was which Among
him: unto ministering Galilee, from Jesus followed which off, afar beholding there were women many And
God. of Son the was this Truly saying, greatly, feared they done, were that things those and earthquake, the saw Jesus, watching him, with were that they and centurion, the when Now
many. unto appeared and city, holy the into went and resurrection, his after graves the of out came And
arose, slept which saints the of bodies many and opened; were graves the And
rent; rocks the and quake, did earth the and bottom; the to top the from twain in rent was temple the of veil the behold, And,
ghost. the up yielded voice, loud a with again cried had he when Jesus,
him. save to come will Elias whether see us let be, Let said, rest The
drink. to him gave and reed, a on it put and vinegar, with it filled and spunge, a took and ran, them of one straightway And
Elias. for calleth man This said, that, heard they when there, stood that them of Some
me? forsaken thou hast why God, my God, My say, to is that sabachthani? lama Eli, Eli, saying, voice, loud a with cried Jesus hour ninth the about And
hour. ninth the unto land the all over darkness was there hour sixth the from Now
teeth. his in same the cast him, with crucified were which also, thieves The
God. of Son the am I said, he for him: have will he if now, him deliver him let God; in trusted He
him. believe will we and cross, the from down come now him let Israel, of King the be he If save. cannot he himself others; saved He
said, elders, and scribes the with him, mocking priests chief the also Likewise
cross. the from down come God, of Son the be thou If thyself. save days, three in it buildest and temple, the destroyest that Thou saying, And
heads, their wagging him, reviled by passed that they And
left. the on another and hand, right the on one him, with crucified thieves two there were Then
. Jews The Of King The Jesus Is This written, accusation his head his over up set And
there; him watched they down sitting And
lots. cast they did vesture my upon and them, among garments my parted They prophet, the by spoken was which fulfilled be might it that lots: casting garments, his parted and him, crucified they And
drink. not would he thereof, tasted had he when and gall: with mingled drink to vinegar him gave They
skull, a of place a say, to is that Golgotha, called place a unto come were they when And
cross. his bear to compelled they him name: by Simon Cyrene, of man a found they out, came they as And
him. crucify to away him led and him, on raiment own his put and him, from off robe the took they him, mocked had they that after And
head. the on him smote and reed, the took and him, upon spit they And
Jews! the of King Hail, saying, him, mocked and him, before knee the bowed they and hand: right his in reed a and head, his upon it put they thorns, of crown a platted had they when And
robe. scarlet a him on put and him, stripped they And
soldiers. of band whole the him unto gathered and hall, common the into Jesus took governor the of soldiers the Then
crucified. be to him delivered he Jesus, scourged had he when and them: unto Barabbas he released Then
children. our on and us, on be blood His said, and people, the all answered Then
it. to ye see person: just this of blood the of innocent am I saying, multitude, the before hands his washed and water, took he made, was tumult a rather that but nothing, prevail could he that saw Pilate When
crucified. be him Let saying, more, the out cried they But done? he hath evil what Why, said, governor the And
crucified. be him Let him, unto say all They Christ? called is which Jesus with then do I shall What them, unto saith Pilate
Barabbas. said, They you? unto release I that ye will twain the of Whether them, unto said and answered governor The
Jesus. destroy and Barabbas, ask should they that multitude the persuaded elders and priests chief the But
him. of because dream a in day this things many suffered have I for man: just that with do to nothing thou Have saying, him, unto sent wife his seat, judgment the on down set was he When
him. delivered had they envy for that knew he For
Christ? called is which Jesus or Barabbas, you? unto release I that ye will Whom them, unto said Pilate together, gathered were they when Therefore
Barabbas. called prisoner, notable a then had they And
would. they whom prisoner, a people the unto release to wont was governor the feast that at Now
greatly. marvelled governor the that insomuch word; a never to him answered he And
thee? against witness they things many how not thou Hearest him, unto Pilate said Then
nothing. answered he elders, and priests chief the of accused was he when And
sayest. Thou him, unto said Jesus And Jews? the of King the thou Art saying, him, asked governor the and governor: the before stood Jesus And
me. appointed Lord the as field, potter's the for them gave And
value; did Israel of children the of they whom valued, was that him of price the silver, of pieces thirty the took they And saying, prophet, the Jeremy by spoken was which that fulfilled was Then
day. this unto blood, of field The called, was field that Wherefore
in. strangers bury to field, potter's the them with bought and counsel, took they And
blood. of price the is it because treasury, the into them put to for lawful not is It said, and pieces, silver the took priests chief the And
himself. hanged and went and departed, and temple, the in silver of pieces the down cast he And
that. to thou see us? to that is What said, they And blood. innocent the betrayed have I that in sinned have I Saying,
elders, and priests chief the to silver of pieces thirty the again brought and himself, repented condemned, was he that saw he when him, betrayed had which Judas, Then
governor. the Pilate Pontius to him delivered and away, him led they him, bound had they when And
death: to him put to Jesus against counsel took people the of elders and priests chief the all come, was morning the When
bitterly. wept and out, went he And thrice. me deny shalt thou crow, cock the Before him, unto said which Jesus, of word the remembered Peter And
crew. cock the immediately And man. the not know I saying, swear, to and curse to he began Then
thee. bewrayeth speech thy for them; of one art also thou Surely Peter, to said and by, stood that they him unto came while a after And
man. the know not do I oath, an with denied he again And
Nazareth. of Jesus with also was fellow This there, were that them unto said and him, saw maid another porch, the into out gone was he when And
sayest. thou what not know I saying, all, them before denied he But
Galilee. of Jesus with wast also Thou saying, him, unto came damsel a and palace: the in without sat Peter Now
thee? smote that he is Who Christ, thou us, unto Prophesy Saying,
hands, their of palms the with him smote others and him; buffeted and face, his in spit they did Then
death. of guilty is He said, and answered They ye? think What
blasphemy. his heard have ye now behold, witnesses? of we have need further what blasphemy; spoken hath He saying, clothes, his rent priest high the Then
heaven. of clouds the in coming and power, of hand right the on sitting man of Son the see ye shall Hereafter you, unto say I nevertheless said: hast Thou him, unto saith Jesus
God. of Son the Christ, the be thou whether us tell thou that God, living the by thee adjure I him, unto said and answered priest high the And peace, his held Jesus But
thee? against witness these which it is what nothing? thou Answerest him, unto said and arose, priest high the And
days. three in it build to and God, of temple the destroy to able am I said, fellow This said, And
witnesses, false two came last the At none. they found yet came, witnesses false many though yea, none: found But
death; to him put to Jesus, against witness false sought council, the all and elders, and priests, chief the Now
end. the see to servants, the with sat and in, went and palace, priest's high the unto off afar him followed Peter But
assembled. were elders the and scribes the where priest, high the Caiaphas to away him led Jesus on hold laid had that they And
fled. and him, forsook disciples the all Then fulfilled. be might prophets the of scriptures the that done, was this all But
me. on hold no laid ye and temple, the in teaching you with daily sat I me? take to for staves and swords with thief a against as out come ye Are multitudes, the to Jesus said hour same that In
be? must it thus that fulfilled, be scriptures the shall then how But
angels? of legions twelve than more me give presently shall he and Father, my to pray now cannot I that thou Thinkest
sword. the with perish shall sword the take that they all for place: his into sword thy again up Put him, unto Jesus said Then
ear. his off smote and priest's, high the of servant a struck and sword, his drew and hand, his out stretched Jesus with were which them of one behold, And,
him. took and Jesus on hands laid and they, came Then come? thou art wherefore Friend, him, unto said Jesus And
him. kissed and master; Hail, said, and Jesus, to came he forthwith And
fast. him hold he: is same that kiss, shall I Whomsoever saying, sign, a them gave him betrayed that he Now
people. the of elders and priests chief the from staves, and swords with multitude great a him with and came, twelve, the of one Judas, lo, spake, yet he while And
me. betray doth that hand at is he behold, going: be us let Rise,
sinners. of hands the into betrayed is man of Son the and hand, at is hour the behold, rest: your take and now, on Sleep them, unto saith and disciples, his to he cometh Then
words. same the saying time, third the prayed and again, away went and them, left he And
heavy. were eyes their for again: asleep them found and came he And
done. be will thy it, drink I except me, from away pass not may cup this if Father, my O saying, prayed, and time, second the again away went He
weak. is flesh the but willing, is indeed spirit the temptation: into not enter ye that pray, and Watch
hour? one me with watch not ye could What, Peter, unto saith and asleep, them findeth and disciples, the unto cometh he And
wilt. thou as but will, I as not nevertheless me: from pass cup this let possible, be it if Father, my O saying, prayed, and face, his on fell and farther, little a went he And
me. with watch and here, ye tarry death: unto even sorrowful, exceeding is soul My them, unto he saith Then
heavy. very and sorrowful be to began and Zebedee, of sons two the and Peter him with took he And
yonder. pray and go I while here, ye Sit disciples, the unto saith and Gethsemane, called place a unto them with Jesus cometh Then
disciples. the all said also Likewise thee. deny not I will yet thee, with die should I Though him, unto said Peter
thrice. me deny shalt thou crow, cock the before night, this That thee, unto say I Verily him, unto said Jesus
offended. be never I will yet thee, of because offended be shall men all Though him, unto said and answered Peter
Galilee. into you before go will I again, risen am I after But
abroad. scattered be shall flock the of sheep the and shepherd, the smite will I written, is it for night: this me of because offended be shall ye All them, unto Jesus saith Then
Olives. of mount the into out went they hymn, an sung had they when And
kingdom. Father's my in you with new it drink I when day that until vine, the of fruit this of henceforth drink not will I you, unto say I But
sins. of remission the for many for shed is which testament, new the of blood my is this For
it; of all ye Drink saying, them, to it gave and thanks, gave and cup, the took he And
body. my is this eat; Take, said, and disciples, the to it gave and it, brake and it, blessed and bread, took Jesus eating, were they as And
said. hast Thou him, unto said He I? it is Master, said, and answered him, betrayed which Judas, Then
born. been not had he if man that for good been had it betrayed! is man of Son the whom by man that unto woe but him: of written is it as goeth man of Son The
me. betray shall same the dish, the in me with hand his dippeth that He said, and answered he And
I? it is Lord, him, unto say to them of one every began and sorrowful, exceeding were they And
me. betray shall you of one that you, unto say I Verily said, he eat, did they as And
twelve. the with down sat he come, was even the when Now
passover. the ready made they and them; appointed had Jesus as did disciples the And
disciples. my with house thy at passover the keep will I hand; at is time My saith, Master The him, unto say and man, a such to city the into Go said, he And
passover? the eat to thee for prepare we that thou wilt Where him, unto saying Jesus, to came disciples the bread unleavened of feast the of day first the Now
him. betray to opportunity sought he time that from And
silver. of pieces thirty for him with covenanted they And you? unto him deliver will I and me, give ye will What them, unto said And
priests, chief the unto went Iscariot, Judas called twelve, the of one Then
her. of memorial a for told be done, hath woman this that this, also shall there world, whole the in preached be shall gospel this Wheresoever you, unto say I Verily
burial. my for it did she body, my on ointment this poured hath she that in For
always. not have ye me but you; with always poor the have ye For
me. upon work good a wrought hath she for woman? the ye trouble Why them, unto said he it, understood Jesus When
poor. the to given and much, for sold been have might ointment this For
waste? this is purpose what To saying, indignation, had they it, saw disciples his when But
meat. at sat he as head, his on it poured and ointment, precious very of box alabaster an having woman a him unto came There
leper, the Simon of house the in Bethany, in was Jesus when Now
people. the among uproar an be there lest day, feast the on Not said, they But
him. kill and subtilty, by Jesus take might they that consulted And
Caiaphas, called was who priest, high the of palace the unto people, the of elders the and scribes, the and priests, chief the together assembled Then
crucified. be to betrayed is man of Son the and passover, the of feast the is days two after that know Ye
disciples, his unto said he sayings, these all finished had Jesus when pass, to came it And
eternal. life into righteous the but punishment: everlasting into away go shall these And
me. to not it did ye these, of least the of one to not it did ye as Inasmuch you, unto say I Verily saying, them, answer he shall Then
thee? unto minister not did and prison, in or sick, or naked, or stranger, a or athirst, or hungred, an thee we saw when Lord, saying, him, answer also they shall Then
not. me visited ye and prison, in and sick, not: me clothed ye and naked, in: not me took ye and stranger, a was I
drink: no me gave ye and thirsty, was I meat: no me gave ye and hungred, an was I For
angels: his and devil the for prepared fire, everlasting into cursed, ye me, from Depart hand, left the on them unto also say he shall Then
me. unto it done have ye brethren, my these of least the of one unto it done have ye as Inasmuch you, unto say I Verily them, unto say and answer shall King the And
thee? unto came and prison, in or sick, thee we saw when Or
thee? clothed and naked, or in? thee took and stranger, a thee we saw When
drink? thee gave and thirsty, or thee? fed and hungred, an thee we saw when Lord, saying, him, answer righteous the shall Then
me. unto came ye and prison, in was I me: visited ye and sick, was I me: clothed ye and Naked,
in: me took ye and stranger, a was I drink: me gave ye and thirsty, was I meat: me gave ye and hungred, an was I For
world: the of foundation the from you for prepared kingdom the inherit Father, my of blessed ye Come, hand, right his on them unto say King the shall Then
left. the on goats the but hand, right his on sheep the set shall he And
goats: the from sheep his divideth shepherd a as another, from one them separate shall he and nations: all gathered be shall him before And
glory: his of throne the upon sit he shall then him, with angels holy the all and glory, his in come shall man of Son the When
teeth. of gnashing and weeping be shall there darkness: outer into servant unprofitable the ye cast And
hath. he which that even away taken be shall not hath that him from but abundance: have shall he and given, be shall hath that one every unto For
talents. ten hath which him unto it give and him, from talent the therefore Take
usury. with own mine received have should I coming my at then and exchangers, the to money my put have to therefore oughtest Thou
strawed: not have I where gather and not, sowed I where reap I that knewest thou servant, slothful and wicked Thou him, unto said and answered lord His
thine. is that hast thou there lo, earth: the in talent thy hid and went and afraid, was I And
strawed: not hast thou where gathering and sown, not hast thou where reaping man, hard an art thou that thee knew I Lord, said, and came talent one the received had which he Then
lord. thy of joy the into thou enter things: many over ruler thee make will I things, few a over faithful been hast thou servant; faithful and good done, Well him, unto said lord His
them. beside talents other two gained have I behold, talents: two me unto deliveredst thou Lord, said, and came talents two received had that also He
lord. thy of joy the into thou enter things: many over ruler thee make will I things, few a over faithful been hast thou servant: faithful and good thou done, Well him, unto said lord His
more. talents five them beside gained have I behold, talents: five me unto deliveredst thou Lord, saying, talents, five other brought and came talents five received had that he so And
them. with reckoneth and cometh, servants those of lord the time long a After
money. lord's his hid and earth, the in digged and went one received had that he But
two. other gained also he two, received had that he likewise And
talents. five other them made and same, the with traded and went talents five the received had that he Then
journey. his took straightway and ability; several his to according man every to one; another to and two, another to talents, five gave he one unto And
goods. his them unto delivered and servants, own his called who country, far a into travelling man a as is heaven of kingdom the For
cometh. man of Son the wherein hour the nor day the neither know ye for therefore, Watch
not. you know I you, unto say I Verily said, and answered he But
us. to open Lord, Lord, saying, virgins, other the also came Afterward
shut. was door the and marriage: the to him with in went ready were that they and came; bridegroom the buy, to went they while And
yourselves. for buy and sell, that them to rather ye go but you: and us for enough not be there lest so; Not saying, answered, wise the But
out. gone are lamps our for oil; your of us Give wise, the unto said foolish the And
lamps. their trimmed and arose, virgins those all Then
him. meet to out ye go cometh; bridegroom the Behold, made, cry a was there midnight at And
slept. and slumbered all they tarried, bridegroom the While
lamps. their with vessels their in oil took wise the But
them: with oil no took and lamps, their took foolish were that They
foolish. were five and wise, were them of five And
bridegroom. the meet to forth went and lamps, their took which virgins, ten unto likened be heaven of kingdom the shall Then
teeth. of gnashing and weeping be shall there hypocrites: the with portion his him appoint and asunder, him cut shall And
of, aware not is he that hour an in and him, for not looketh he when day a in come shall servant that of lord The
drunken; the with drink and eat to and fellowservants, his smite to begin shall And
coming; his delayeth lord My heart, his in say shall servant evil that if and But
goods. his all over ruler him make shall he That you, unto say I Verily
doing. so find shall cometh he when lord his whom servant, that is Blessed
season? due in meat them give to household, his over ruler made hath lord his whom servant, wise and faithful a is then Who
cometh. man of Son the not think ye as hour an such in for ready: also ye be Therefore
up. broken be to house his suffered have not would and watched, have would he come, would thief the watch what in known had house the of goodman the if that this, know But
come. doth Lord your hour what not know ye for therefore: Watch
left. other the and taken, be shall one the mill; the at grinding be shall women Two
left. other the and taken, be shall one the field; the in be two shall Then
be. man of Son the of coming the also shall so away; all them took and came, flood the until not knew And
ark, the into entered Noe that day the until marriage, in giving and marrying drinking, and eating were they flood the before were that days the in as For
be. man of Son the of coming the also shall so were, Noah of days the as But
only. Father my but heaven, of angels the not no, man, no knoweth hour and day that of But
away. pass not shall words my but away, pass shall earth and Heaven
fulfilled. be things these all till pass, not shall generation This you, unto say I Verily
doors. the at even near, is it that know things, these all see shall ye when ye, likewise So
nigh: is summer that know ye leaves, forth putteth and tender, yet is branch his When tree; fig the of parable a learn Now
other. the to heaven of end one from winds, four the from elect his together gather shall they and trumpet, a of sound great a with angels his send shall he And
glory. great and power with heaven of clouds the in coming man of Son the see shall they and mourn, earth the of tribes the all shall then and heaven: in man of Son the of sign the appear shall then And
shaken: be shall heavens the of powers the and heaven, from fall shall stars the and light, her give not shall moon the and darkened, be sun the shall days those of tribulation the after Immediately
together. gathered be eagles the will there is, carcase the wheresoever For
be. man of Son the of coming the also shall so west; the unto even shineth and east, the of out cometh lightning the as For
not. it believe chambers; secret the in is he behold, forth: not go desert; the in is he Behold, you, unto say shall they if Wherefore
before. you told have I Behold,
elect. very the deceive shall they possible, were it if that, insomuch wonders; and signs great shew shall and prophets, false and Christs, false arise shall there For
not. it believe there; or Christ, is here Lo, you, unto say shall man any if Then
shortened. be shall days those sake elect's the for but saved: be flesh no should there shortened, be should days those except And
be. shall ever nor no, time, this to world the of beginning the since not was as such tribulation, great be shall then For
day: sabbath the on neither winter, the in not be flight your that ye pray But
days! those in suck give that them to and child, with are that them unto woe And
clothes. his take to back return field the in is which him let Neither
house: his of out thing any take to down come not housetop the on is which him Let
mountains: the into flee Judaea in be which them let Then
understand:) him let readeth, (whoso place, holy the in stand prophet, the Daniel by of spoken desolation, of abomination the see shall therefore ye When
come. end the shall then and nations; all unto witness a for world the all in preached be shall kingdom the of gospel this And
saved. be shall same the end, the unto endure shall that he But
cold. wax shall many of love the abound, shall iniquity because And
many. deceive shall and rise, shall prophets false many And
another. one hate shall and another, one betray shall and offended, be many shall then And
sake. name's my for nations all of hated be shall ye and you: kill shall and afflicted, be to up you deliver they shall Then
sorrows. of beginning the are these All
places. divers in earthquakes, and pestilences, and famines, be shall there and kingdom: against kingdom and nation, against rise shall nation For
yet. not is end the but pass, to come must things these all for troubled: not be ye that see wars: of rumours and wars of hear shall ye And
many. deceive shall and Christ; am I saying, name, my in come shall many For
you. deceive man no that heed Take them, unto said and answered Jesus And
world? the of end the of and coming, thy of sign the be shall what and be? things these shall when us, Tell saying, privately, him unto came disciples the Olives, of mount the upon sat he as And
down. thrown be not shall that another, upon stone one here left be not shall There you, unto say I verily things? these all not ye See them, unto said Jesus And
temple. the of buildings the him shew to for him to came disciples his and temple: the from departed and out, went Jesus And
Lord. the of name the in cometh that he is Blessed say, shall ye till henceforth, me see not shall Ye you, unto say I For
desolate. you unto left is house your Behold,
not! would ye and wings, her under chickens her gathereth hen a as even together, children thy gathered have I would often how thee, unto sent are which them stonest and prophets, the killest that thou Jerusalem, Jerusalem, O
generation. this upon come shall things these All you, unto say I Verily
altar. the and temple the between slew ye whom Barachias, of son Zacharias of blood the unto Abel righteous of blood the from earth, the upon shed blood righteous the all come may you upon That
city: to city from them persecute and synagogues, your in scourge ye shall them of some and crucify; and kill shall ye them of some and scribes: and men, wise and prophets, you unto send I behold, Wherefore,
hell? of damnation the escape ye can how vipers, of generation ye serpents, Ye
fathers. your of measure the then up ye Fill
prophets. the killed which them of children the are ye that yourselves, unto witnesses be ye Wherefore
prophets. the of blood the in them with partakers been have not would we fathers, our of days the in been had we If say, And
righteous, the of sepulchres the garnish and prophets, the of tombs the build ye because hypocrites! Pharisees, and scribes you, unto Woe
iniquity. and hypocrisy of full are ye within but men, unto righteous appear outwardly also ye so Even
uncleanness. all of and bones, men's dead of full within are but outward, beautiful appear indeed which sepulchres, whited unto like are ye for hypocrites! Pharisees, and scribes you, unto Woe
also. clean be may them of outside the that platter, and cup the within is which that first cleanse Pharisee, blind Thou
excess. and extortion of full are they within but platter, the of and cup the of outside the clean make ye for hypocrites! Pharisees, and scribes you, unto Woe
camel. a swallow and gnat, a at strain which guides, blind Ye
undone. other the leave to not and done, have to ye ought these faith: and mercy, judgment, law, the of matters weightier the omitted have and cummin, and anise and mint of tithe pay ye for hypocrites! Pharisees, and scribes you, unto Woe
thereon. sitteth that him by and God, of throne the by sweareth heaven, by swear shall that he And
therein. dwelleth that him by and it, by sweareth temple, the by swear shall whoso And
thereon. things all by and it, by sweareth altar, the by swear shall therefore Whoso
gift? the sanctifieth that altar the or gift, the greater, is whether for blind: and fools Ye
guilty. is he it, upon is that gift the by sweareth whosoever but nothing; is it altar, the by swear shall Whosoever And,
gold? the sanctifieth that temple the or gold, the greater, is whether for blind: and fools Ye
debtor! a is he temple, the of gold the by swear shall whosoever but nothing; is it temple, the by swear shall Whosoever say, which guides, blind ye you, unto Woe
yourselves. than hell of child the more twofold him make ye made, is he when and proselyte, one make to land and sea compass ye for hypocrites! Pharisees, and scribes you, unto Woe
damnation. greater the receive shall ye therefore prayer: long make pretence a for and houses, widows' devour ye for hypocrites! Pharisees, and scribes you, unto Woe
in. go to entering are that them ye suffer neither yourselves, in go neither ye for men: against heaven of kingdom the up shut ye for hypocrites! Pharisees, and scribes you, unto woe But
exalted. be shall himself humble shall that he and abased; be shall himself exalt shall whosoever And
servant. your be shall you among greatest is that he But
Christ. even Master, your is one for masters: called ye be Neither
heaven. in is which Father, your is one for earth: the upon father your man no call And
brethren. are ye all and Christ; even Master, your is one for Rabbi: called ye not be But
Rabbi. Rabbi, men, of called be to and markets, the in greetings And
synagogues, the in seats chief the and feasts, at rooms uppermost the love And
garments, their of borders the enlarge and phylacteries, their broad make they men: of seen be to for do they works their all But
fingers. their of one with them move not will themselves they but shoulders; men's on them lay and borne, be to grievous and burdens heavy bind they For
not. do and say, they for works: their after ye not do but do; and observe that observe, you bid they whatsoever therefore All
seat: Moses' in sit Pharisees the and scribes The Saying
disciples, his to and multitude, the to Jesus spake Then
questions. more any him ask forth day that from man any durst neither word, a him answer to able was man no And
son? his he is how Lord, him call then David If
footstool? thy enemies thine make I till hand, right my on thou Sit Lord, my unto said Lord The
saying, Lord, him call spirit in David doth then How them, unto saith He
David. of son The him, unto say They he? is son whose Christ? of ye think What Saying,
them, asked Jesus together, gathered were Pharisees the While
prophets. the and law the all hang commandments two these On
thyself. as neighbour thy love shalt Thou it, unto like is second the And
commandment. great and first the is This
mind. thy all with and soul, thy all with and heart, thy all with God thy Lord the love shalt Thou him, unto said Jesus
law? the in commandment great the is which Master,
saying, and him, tempting question, a him asked lawyer, a was which them, of one Then
together. gathered were they silence, to Sadducees the put had he that heard had Pharisees the when But
doctrine. his at astonished were they this, heard multitude the when And
living. the of but dead, the of God the not is God Jacob? of God the and Isaac, of God the and Abraham, of God the am I
saying, God, by you unto spoken was which that read not ye have dead, the of resurrection the touching as But
heaven. in God of angels the as are but marriage, in given are nor marry, neither they resurrection the in For
God. of power the nor scriptures, the knowing not err, do Ye them, unto said and answered Jesus
her. had all they for seven? the of be she shall wife whose resurrection the in Therefore
also. died woman the all of last And
seventh. the unto third, the and also, second the Likewise
brother: his unto wife his left issue, no having and, deceased, wife, a married had he when first, the and brethren: seven us with were there Now
brother. his unto seed up raise and wife, his marry shall brother his children, no having die, man a If said, Moses Master, Saying,
him, asked and resurrection, no is there that say which Sadducees, the him to came day same The
way. their went and him, left and marvelled, they words, these heard had they When
God's. are that things the God unto and Caesar's; are which things the Caesar unto therefore Render them, unto he saith Then Caesar's. him, unto say They
superscription? and image this is Whose them, unto saith he And
penny. a him unto brought they And money. tribute the me Shew
hypocrites? ye me, ye tempt Why said, and wickedness, their perceived Jesus But
not? or Caesar, unto tribute give to lawful it Is thou? thinkest What therefore, us Tell
men. of person the not regardest thou for man: any for thou carest neither truth, in God of way the teachest and true, art thou that know we Master, saying, Herodians, the with disciples their him unto out sent they And
talk. his in him entangle might they how counsel took and Pharisees, the went Then
chosen. are few but called, are many For
teeth. of gnashing and weeping be shall there darkness, outer into him cast and away, him take and foot, and hand him Bind servants, the to king the said Then
speechless. was he And garment? wedding a having not hither in thou camest how Friend, him, unto saith he And
garment: wedding a on not had which man a there saw he guests, the see to in came king the when And
guests. with furnished was wedding the and good: and bad both found, they as many as all together gathered and highways, the into out went servants those So
marriage. the to bid find, shall ye as many as and highways, the into therefore ye Go
worthy. not were bidden were which they but ready, is wedding The servants, his to he saith Then
city. their up burned and murderers, those destroyed and armies, his forth sent he and wroth: was he thereof, heard king the when But
them. slew and spitefully, them entreated and servants, his took remnant the And
merchandise: his to another farm, his to one ways, their went and it, of light made they But
marriage. the unto come ready: are things all and killed, are fatlings my and oxen my dinner: my prepared have I Behold, bidden, are which them Tell saying, servants, other forth sent he Again,
come. not would they and wedding: the to bidden were that them call to servants his forth sent And
son, his for marriage a made which king, certain a unto like is heaven of kingdom The
said, and parables, by again them unto spake and answered Jesus And
prophet. a for him took they because multitude, the feared they him, on hands lay to sought they when But
them. of spake he that perceived they parables, his heard had Pharisees and priests chief the when And
powder. to him grind will it fall, shall it whomsoever on but broken: be shall stone this on fall shall whosoever And
thereof. fruits the forth bringing nation a to given and you, from taken be shall God of kingdom The you, unto I say Therefore
eyes? our in marvellous is it and doing, Lord's the is this corner: the of head the become is same the rejected, builders the which stone The scriptures, the in read never ye Did them, unto saith Jesus
seasons. their in fruits the him render shall which husbandmen, other unto vineyard his out let will and men, wicked those destroy miserably will He him, unto say They
husbandmen? those unto do he will what cometh, vineyard the of therefore lord the When
him. slew and vineyard, the of out him cast and him, caught they And
inheritance. his on seize us let and him, kill us let come, heir; the is This themselves, among said they son, the saw husbandmen the when But
son. my reverence will They saying, son, his them unto sent he all of last But
likewise. them unto did they and first: the than more servants other sent he Again,
another. stoned and another, killed and one, beat and servants, his took husbandmen the And
it. of fruits the receive might they that husbandmen, the to servants his sent he near, drew fruit the of time the when And
country: far a into went and husbandmen, to out it let and tower, a built and it, in winepress a digged and about, round it hedged and vineyard, a planted which householder, certain a was There parable: another Hear
him. believe might ye that afterward, not repented it, seen had ye when ye, and him: believed harlots the and publicans the but not: him believed ye and righteousness, of way the in you unto came John For
you. before God of kingdom the into go harlots the and publicans the That you, unto say I Verily them, unto saith Jesus first. The him, unto say They father? his of will the did twain them of Whether
not. went and sir: go, I said, and answered he And likewise. said and second, the to came he And
went. and repented, he afterward but not: will I said, and answered He
vineyard. my in day to work go Son, said, and first, the to came he and sons; two had man certain A ye? think what But
things. these do I authority what by you I tell Neither them, unto said he And tell. cannot We said, and Jesus, answered they And
prophet. a as John hold all for people; the fear we men; Of say, shall we if But
him? believe then not ye did Why us, unto say will he heaven; From say, shall we If saying, themselves, with reasoned they And men? of or heaven, from it? was whence John, of baptism The
things. these do I authority what by you tell will wise like in I me, tell ye if which thing, one you ask will also I them, unto said and answered Jesus And
authority? this thee gave who and things? these thou doest authority what By said, and teaching, was he as him unto came people the of elders the and priests chief the temple, the into come was he when And
receive. shall ye believing, prayer, in ask shall ye whatsoever things, all And
done. be shall it sea; the into cast thou be and removed, thou Be mountain, this unto say shall ye if also but tree, fig the to done is which this do only not shall ye not, doubt and faith, have ye If you, unto say I Verily them, unto said and answered Jesus
away! withered tree fig the is soon How saying, marvelled, they it, saw disciples the when And
away. withered tree fig the presently And ever. for henceforward thee on grow fruit no Let it, unto said and only, leaves but thereon, nothing found and it, to came he way, the in tree fig a saw he when And
hungered. he city, the into returned he as morning the in Now
there. lodged he and Bethany; into city the of out went and them, left he And
praise? perfected hast thou sucklings and babes of mouth the of Out read, never ye have Yea; them, unto saith Jesus And say? these what thou Hearest him, unto said And
displeased, sore were they David; of son the to Hosanna saying, and temple, the in crying children the and did, he that things wonderful the saw scribes and priests chief the when And
them. healed he and temple; the in him to came lame the and blind the And
thieves. of den a it made have ye but prayer; of house the called be shall house My written, is It them, unto said And
doves, sold that them of seats the and moneychangers, the of tables the overthrew and temple, the in bought and sold that them all out cast and God, of temple the into went Jesus And
Galilee. of Nazareth of prophet the Jesus is This said, multitude the And
this? is Who saying, moved, was city the all Jerusalem, into come was he when And
highest. the in Hosanna Lord; the of name the in cometh that he is Blessed David: of son the to Hosanna saying, cried, followed, that and before, went that multitudes the And
way. the in them strawed and trees, the from branches down cut others way; the in garments their spread multitude great very a And
thereon. him set they and clothes, their them on put and colt, the and ass, the brought And
them, commanded Jesus as did and went, disciples the And
ass. an of foal the colt a and ass, an upon sitting and meek, thee, unto cometh King thy Behold, Sion, of daughter the ye Tell
saying, prophet, the by spoken was which fulfilled be might it that done, was this All
them. send will he straightway and them; of need hath Lord The say, shall ye you, unto ought say man any if And
me. unto them bring and them, loose her: with colt a and tied, ass an find shall ye straightway and you, against over village the into Go them, unto Saying
disciples, two Jesus sent then Olives, of mount the unto Bethphage, to come were and Jerusalem, unto nigh drew they when And
him. followed they and sight, received eyes their immediately and eyes: their touched and them, on compassion had Jesus So
opened. be may eyes our that Lord, him, unto say They
you? unto do shall I that ye will What said, and them, called and still, stood Jesus And
David. of son thou Lord, O us, on mercy Have saying, more, the cried they but peace: their hold should they because them, rebuked multitude the And
David. of son thou Lord, O us, on mercy Have saying, out, cried by, passed Jesus that heard they when side, way the by sitting men blind two behold, And,
him. followed multitude great a Jericho, from departed they as And
many. for ransom a life his give to and minister, to but unto, ministered be to not came man of Son the as Even
servant: your be him let you, among chief be will whosoever And
minister; your be him let you, among great be will whosoever but you: among so be not shall it But
them. upon authority exercise great are that they and them, over dominion exercise Gentiles the of princes the that know Ye said, and him, unto them called Jesus But
brethren. two the against indignation with moved were they it, heard ten the when And
Father. my of prepared is it whom for them to given be shall it but give, to mine not is left, my on and hand, right my on sit to but with: baptized am I that baptism the with baptized be and cup, my of indeed drink shall Ye them, unto saith he And
able. are We him, unto say They with? baptized am I that baptism the with baptized be to and of, drink shall I that cup the of drink to able ye Are ask. ye what not know Ye said, and answered Jesus But
kingdom. thy in left, the on other the and hand, right thy on one the sit, may sons two my these that Grant him, unto saith She thou? wilt What her, unto said he And
him. of thing certain a desiring and him, worshipping sons, her with children Zebedees of mother the him to came Then
again. rise shall he day third the and him: crucify to and scourge, to and mock, to Gentiles the to him deliver shall And
death, to him condemn shall they and scribes, the unto and priests chief the unto betrayed be shall man of Son the and Jerusalem; to up go we Behold,
them, unto said and way, the in apart disciples twelve the took Jerusalem to up going Jesus And
chosen. few but called, be many for last: first the and first, be shall last the So
good? am I because evil, eye thine Is own? mine with will I what do to me for lawful not it Is
thee. unto as even last, this unto give will I way: thy go and is, thine that Take
penny? a for me with agree thou not didst wrong: no thee do I Friend, said, and them, of one answered he But
day. the of heat and burden the borne have which us, unto equal them made hast thou and hour, one but wrought have last These Saying,
house, the of goodman the against murmured they it, received had they when And
penny. a man every received likewise they and more; received have should they that supposed they came, first the when But
penny. a man every received they hour, eleventh the about hired were that came they when And
first. the unto last the from beginning hire, their them give and labourers, the Call steward, his unto saith vineyard the of lord the come, was even when So
receive. ye shall that right, is whatsoever and vineyard; the into also ye Go them, unto saith He us. hired hath man no Because him, unto say They
idle? day the all here ye stand Why them, unto saith and idle, standing others found and out, went he hour eleventh the about And
likewise. did and hour, ninth and sixth the about out went he Again
way. their went they And you. give will I right is whatsoever and vineyard, the into also ye Go them; unto said And
marketplace, the in idle standing others saw and hour, third the about out went he And
vineyard. his into them sent he day, a penny a for labourers the with agreed had he when And
vineyard. his into labourers hire to morning the in early out went which householder, an is that man a unto like is heaven of kingdom the For
first. be shall last the and last; be shall first are that many But
life. everlasting inherit shall and hundredfold, an receive shall sake, name's my for lands, or children, or wife, or mother, or father, or sisters, or brethren, or houses, forsaken hath that one every And
Israel. of tribes twelve the judging thrones, twelve upon sit shall also ye glory, his of throne the in sit shall man of Son the when regeneration the in me, followed have which ye That you, unto say I Verily them, unto said Jesus And
therefore? have we shall what thee; followed and all, forsaken have we Behold, him, unto said and Peter answered Then
possible. are things all God with but impossible; is this men With them, unto said and them, beheld Jesus But
saved? be can then Who saying, amazed, exceedingly were they it, heard disciples his When
God. of kingdom the into enter to man rich a for than needle, a of eye the through go to camel a for easier is It you, unto say I again And
heaven. of kingdom the into enter hardly shall man rich a That you, unto say I Verily disciples, his unto Jesus said Then
possessions. great had he for sorrowful: away went he saying, that heard man young the when But
me. follow and come and heaven: in treasure have shalt thou and poor, the to give and hast, thou that sell and go perfect, be wilt thou If him, unto said Jesus
yet? I lack what up: youth my from kept I have things these All him, unto saith man young The
thyself. as neighbour thy love shalt Thou and, mother: thy and father thy Honour
witness, false bear not shalt Thou steal, not shalt Thou adultery, commit not shalt Thou murder, no do shalt Thou said, Jesus Which? him, unto saith He
commandments. the keep life, into enter wilt thou if but God: is, that one, but good none is there good? me thou callest Why him, unto said he And
life? eternal have may I that do, I shall thing good what Master, Good him, unto said and came one behold, And,
thence. departed and them, on hands his laid he And
heaven. of kingdom the is such of for me: unto come to not, them forbid and children, little Suffer said, Jesus But
them. rebuked disciples the and pray: and them, on hands his put should he that children, little him unto brought there were Then
it. receive him let it, receive to able is that He sake. heaven's of kingdom the for eunuchs themselves made have which eunuchs, be there and men: of eunuchs made were which eunuchs, some are there and womb: mother's their from born so were which eunuchs, some are there For
given. is it whom to they save saying, this receive cannot men All them, unto said he But
marry. to good not is it wife, his with so be man the of case the If him, unto say disciples His
adultery. commit doth away put is which her marrieth whoso and adultery: committeth another, marry shall and fornication, for be it except wife, his away put shall Whosoever you, unto say I And
so. not was it beginning the from but wives: your away put to you suffered hearts your of hardness the of because Moses them, unto saith He
away? her put to and divorcement, of writing a give to command then Moses did Why him, unto say They
asunder. put man not let together, joined hath God therefore What flesh. one but twain, more no are they Wherefore
flesh? one be shall twain they and wife: his to cleave shall and mother, and father leave man a shall cause this For said, And
female, and male them made beginning the at them made which he that read, not ye Have them, unto said and answered he And
cause? every for wife his away put to man a for lawful it Is him, unto saying and him, tempting him, unto came also Pharisees The
there. them healed he and him; followed multitudes great And
Jordan; beyond Judaea of coasts the into came and Galilee, from departed he sayings, these finished had Jesus when that pass, to came it And
trespasses. their brother his one every not forgive hearts your from ye if you, unto also do Father heavenly my shall likewise So
him. unto due was that all pay should he till tormentors, the to him delivered and wroth, was lord his And
thee? on pity had I as even fellowservant, thy on compassion had have also thou not Shouldest
me: desiredst thou because debt, that all thee forgave I servant, wicked thou O him, unto said him, called had he that after lord, his Then
done. was that all lord their unto told and came and sorry, very were they done, was what saw fellowservants his when So
debt. the pay should he till prison, into him cast and went but not: would he And
all. thee pay will I and me, with patience Have saying, him, besought and feet, his at down fell fellowservant his And
owest. thou that me Pay saying, throat, the by him took and him, on hands laid he and pence: hundred an him owed which fellowservants, his of one found and out, went servant same the But
debt. the him forgave and him, loosed and compassion, with moved was servant that of lord the Then
all. thee pay will I and me, with patience have Lord, saying, him, worshipped and down, fell therefore servant The
made. be to payment and had, he that all and children, and wife, his and sold, be to him commanded lord his pay, to not had he as forasmuch But
talents. thousand ten him owed which him, unto brought was one reckon, to begun had he when And
servants. his of account take would which king, certain a unto likened heaven of kingdom the is Therefore
seven. times seventy Until but, times: seven Until thee, unto not say I him, unto saith Jesus
times? seven till him? forgive I and me, against sin brother my shall oft how Lord, said, and him, to Peter came Then
them. of midst the in I am there name, my in together gathered are three or two where For
heaven. in is which Father my of them for done be shall it ask, shall they that thing any touching as earth on agree shall you of two if That you, unto say I Again
heaven. in loosed be shall earth on loose shall ye whatsoever and heaven: in bound be shall earth on bind shall ye Whatsoever you, unto say I Verily
publican. a and man heathen an as thee unto be him let church, the hear to neglect he if but church: the unto it tell them, hear to neglect shall he if And
established. be may word every witnesses three or two of mouth the in that more, two or one thee with take then thee, hear not will he if But
brother. thy gained hast thou thee, hear shall he if alone: him and thee between fault his him tell and go thee, against trespass shall brother thy if Moreover
perish. should ones little these of one that heaven, in is which Father your of will the not is it so Even
astray. not went which nine and ninety the of than sheep, that of more rejoiceth he you, unto say I verily it, find he that be so if And
astray? gone is which that seeketh and mountains, the into goeth and nine, and ninety the leave not he doth astray, gone be them of one and sheep, hundred an have man a if ye? think How
lost. was which that save to come is man of Son the For
heaven. in is which Father my of face the behold always do angels their heaven in That you, unto say I for ones; little these of one not despise ye that heed Take
fire. hell into cast be to eyes two having than rather eye, one with life into enter to thee for better is it thee: from it cast and out, it pluck thee, offend eye thine if And
fire. everlasting into cast be to feet two or hands two having than rather maimed, or halt life into enter to thee for better is it thee: from them cast and off, them cut thee, offend foot thy or hand thy if Wherefore
cometh! offence the whom by man that to woe but come; offences that be needs must it for offences! of because world the unto Woe
sea. the of depth the in drowned were he that and neck, his about hanged were millstone a that him for better were it me, in believe which ones little these of one offend shall whoso But
me. receiveth name my in child little such one receive shall whoso And
heaven. of kingdom the in greatest is same the child, little this as himself humble shall therefore Whosoever
heaven. of kingdom the into enter not shall ye children, little as become and converted, be ye Except you, unto say I Verily said, And
them, of midst the in him set and him, unto child little a called Jesus And
heaven? of kingdom the in greatest the is Who saying, Jesus, unto disciples the came time same the At
thee. and me for them unto give and take, that money: of piece a find shalt thou mouth, his opened hast thou when and up; cometh first that fish the up take and hook, an cast and sea, the to thou go them, offend should we lest Notwithstanding,
free. children the are Then him, unto saith Jesus strangers. Of him, unto saith Peter
strangers? of or children, own their of tribute? or custom take earth the of kings the do whom of Simon? thou, thinkest What saying, him, prevented Jesus house, the into come was he when And Yes. saith, He
tribute? pay master your not Doth said, and Peter, to came money tribute received that they Capernaum, to come were they when And
sorry. exceeding were they And again. raised be shall he day third the and him, kill shall they And
men: of hands the into betrayed be shall man of Son The them, unto said Jesus Galilee, in abode they while And
fasting. and prayer by but out not goeth kind this Howbeit
you. unto impossible be shall nothing and remove; shall it and place; yonder to hence Remove mountain, this unto say shall ye seed, mustard of grain a as faith have ye If you, unto say I verily for unbelief: your of Because them, unto said Jesus And
out? him cast we not could Why said, and apart, Jesus to disciples the came Then
hour. very that from cured was child the and him: of out departed he and devil; the rebuked Jesus And
me. to hither him bring you? suffer I shall long how you? with be I shall long how generation, perverse and faithless O said, and answered Jesus Then
him. cure not could they and disciples, thy to him brought I And
water. the into oft and fire, the into falleth he ofttimes for vexed: sore and lunatick, is he for son: my on mercy have Lord,
saying, and him, to down kneeling man, certain a him to came there multitude, the to come were they when And
Baptist. the John of them unto spake he that understood disciples the Then
them. of suffer man of Son the also shall Likewise listed. they whatsoever him unto done have but not, him knew they and already, come is Elias That you, unto say I But
things. all restore and come, first shall truly Elias them, unto said and answered Jesus And
come? first must Elias that scribes the say then Why saying, him, asked disciples his And
dead. the from again risen be man of Son the until man, no to vision the Tell saying, them, charged Jesus mountain, the from down came they as And
only. Jesus save man, no saw they eyes, their up lifted had they when And
afraid. not be and Arise, said, and them, touched and came Jesus And
afraid. sore were and face, their on fell they it, heard disciples the when And
him. ye hear pleased; well am I whom in Son, beloved my is This said, which cloud, the of out voice a behold and them: overshadowed cloud bright a behold, spake, yet he While
Elias. for one and Moses, for one and thee, for one tabernacles; three here make us let wilt, thou if here: be to us for good is it Lord, Jesus, unto said and Peter, answered Then
him. with talking Elias and Moses them unto appeared there behold, And,
light. the as white was raiment his and sun, the as shine did face his and them: before transfigured was And
apart, mountain high an into up them bringeth and brother, his John and James, Peter, taketh Jesus days six after And
kingdom. his in coming man of Son the see they till death, of taste not shall which here, standing some be There you, unto say I Verily
works. his to according man every reward shall he then and angels; his with Father his of glory the in come shall man of Son the For
soul? his for exchange in give man a shall what or soul? own his lose and world, whole the gain shall he if profited, man a is what For
it. find shall sake my for life his lose will whosoever and it: lose shall life his save will whosoever For
me. follow and cross, his up take and himself, deny him let me, after come will man any If disciples, his unto Jesus said Then
men. of be that those but God, of be that things the not savourest thou for me: unto offence an art thou Satan: me, behind thee Get Peter, unto said and turned, he But
thee. unto be not shall this Lord: thee, from far it Be saying, him, rebuke to began and him, took Peter Then
day. third the again raised be and killed, be and scribes, and priests chief and elders the of things many suffer and Jerusalem, unto go must he that how disciples, his unto shew to Jesus began forth time that From
Christ. the Jesus was he that man no tell should they that disciples his he charged Then
heaven. in loosed be shall earth on loose shalt thou whatsoever and heaven: in bound be shall earth on bind shalt thou whatsoever and heaven: of kingdom the of keys the thee unto give will I And
it. against prevail not shall hell of gates the and church; my build will I rock this upon and Peter, art thou That thee, unto also say I And
heaven. in is which Father my but thee, unto it revealed not hath blood and flesh for Barjona: Simon thou, art Blessed him, unto said and answered Jesus And
God. living the of Son the Christ, the art Thou said, and answered Peter Simon And
am? I that ye say whom But them, unto saith He
prophets. the of one or Jeremias, others, and Elias; some, Baptist: the John art thou that say Some said, they And
am? man of Son the I that say men do Whom saying, disciples, his asked he Philippi, Caesarea of coasts the into came Jesus When
Sadducees. the of and Pharisees the of doctrine the of but bread, of leaven the of beware not them bade he that how they understood Then
Sadducees? the of and Pharisees the of leaven the of beware should ye that bread, concerning you to not it spake I that understand not do ye that it is How
up? took ye baskets many how and thousand, four the of loaves seven the Neither
up? took ye baskets many how and thousand, five the of loaves five the remember neither understand, yet not ye Do
bread? no brought have ye because yourselves, among ye reason why faith, little of ye O them, unto said he perceived, Jesus when Which
bread. no taken have we because is It saying, themselves, among reasoned they And
Sadducees. the of and Pharisees the of leaven the of beware and heed Take them, unto said Jesus Then
bread. take to forgotten had they side, other the to come were disciples his when And
departed. and them, left he And Jonas. prophet the of sign the but it, unto given be sign no shall there and sign; a after seeketh generation adulterous and wicked A
times? the of signs the discern not ye can but sky; the of face the discern can ye hypocrites, ye O lowering. and red is sky the for day: to weather foul be will It morning, the in And
red. is sky the for weather: fair be will It say, ye evening, is it When them, unto said and answered He
heaven. from sign a them shew would he that him desired tempting and came, Sadducees the with also Pharisees The
Magdala. of coasts the into came and ship, took and multitude, the away sent he And
children. and women beside men, thousand four were eat did that they And
full. baskets seven left was that meat broken the of up took they and filled: were and eat, all did they And
multitude. the to disciples the and disciples, his to gave and them, brake and thanks, gave and fishes, the and loaves seven the took he And
ground. the on down sit to multitude the commanded he And
fishes. little few a and Seven, said, they And ye? have loaves many How them, unto saith Jesus And
multitude? a great so fill to as wilderness, the in bread much so have we should Whence him, unto say disciples his And
way. the in faint they lest fasting, away them send not will I and eat: to nothing have and days, three now me with continue they because multitude, the on compassion have I said, and him, unto disciples his called Jesus Then
Israel. of God the glorified they and see: to blind the and walk, to lame the whole, be to maimed the speak, to dumb the saw they when wondered, multitude the that Insomuch
them: healed he and feet; Jesus' at down them cast and others, many and maimed, dumb, blind, lame, were that those them with having him, unto came multitudes great And
there. down sat and mountain, a into up went and Galilee; of sea the unto nigh came and thence, from departed Jesus And
hour. very that from whole made was daughter her And wilt. thou as even thee unto it be faith: thy is great woman, O her, unto said and answered Jesus Then
table. masters' their from fall which crumbs the of eat dogs the yet Lord: Truth, said, she And
dogs. to it cast to and bread, children's the take to meet not is It said, and answered he But
me. help Lord, saying, him, worshipped and she came Then
Israel. of house the of sheep lost the unto but sent not am I said, and answered he But
us. after crieth she for away; her Send saying, him, besought and came disciples his And word. a not her answered he But
devil. a with vexed grievously is daughter my David; of son thou Lord, O me, on mercy Have saying, him, unto cried and coasts, same the of out came Canaan of woman a behold, And,
Sidon. and Tyre of coasts the into departed and thence, went Jesus Then
man. a not defileth hands unwashen with eat to but man: a defile which things the are These
blasphemies: witness, false thefts, fornications, adulteries, murders, thoughts, evil proceed heart the of out For
man. the defile they and heart; the from forth come mouth the of out proceed which things those But
draught? the into out cast is and belly, the into goeth mouth the at in entereth whatsoever that understand, yet ye not Do
understanding? without yet also ye Are said, Jesus And
parable. this us unto Declare him, unto said and Peter answered Then
ditch. the into fall shall both blind, the lead blind the if And blind. the of leaders blind be they alone: them Let
up. rooted be shall planted, not hath Father heavenly my which plant, Every said, and answered he But
saying? this heard they after offended, were Pharisees the that thou Knowest him, unto said and disciples, his came Then
man. a defileth this mouth, the of out cometh which that but man; a defileth mouth the into goeth which that Not
understand: and Hear, them, unto said and multitude, the called he And
men. of commandments the doctrines for teaching me, worship do they vain in But
me. from far is heart their but lips; their with me honoureth and mouth, their with me unto nigh draweth people This
saying, you, of prophesy Esaias did well hypocrites, Ye
tradition. your by effect none of God of commandment the made ye have Thus free. be shall he mother, his or father his not honour And
me; by profited be mightest thou whatsoever by gift, a is It mother, his or father his to say shall Whosoever say, ye But
death. the die him let mother, or father curseth that He and, mother: and father thy Honour saying, commanded, God For
tradition? your by God of commandment the transgress also ye do Why them, unto said and answered he But
bread. eat they when hands their not wash they for elders? the of tradition the transgress disciples thy do Why
saying, Jerusalem, of were which Pharisees, and scribes Jesus to came Then
whole. perfectly made were touched as many as and garment: his of hem the touch only might they that him besought And
diseased; were that all him unto brought and about, round country that all into out sent they him, of knowledge had place that of men the when And
Gennesaret. of land the into came they over, gone were they when And
God. of Son the art thou truth a Of saying, him, worshipped and came ship the in were that they Then
ceased. wind the ship, the into come were they when And
doubt? thou didst wherefore faith, little of thou O him, unto said and him, caught and hand, his forth stretched Jesus immediately And
me. save Lord, saying, cried, he sink, to beginning and afraid; was he boisterous, wind the saw he when But
Jesus. to go to water, the on walked he ship, the of out down come was Peter when And Come. said, he And
water. the on thee unto come me bid thou, be it if Lord, said, and him answered Peter And
afraid. not be I; is it cheer; good of Be saying, them, unto spake Jesus straightway But
fear. for out cried they and spirit; a is It saying, troubled, were they sea, the on walking him saw disciples the when And
sea. the on walking them, unto went Jesus night the of watch fourth the in And
contrary. was wind the for waves: with tossed sea, the of midst the in now was ship the But
alone. there was he come, was evening the when and pray: to apart mountain a into up went he away, multitudes the sent had he when And
away. multitudes the sent he while side, other the unto him before go to and ship, a into get to disciples his constrained Jesus straightway And
children. and women beside men, thousand five about were eaten had that they And
full. baskets twelve remained that fragments the of up took they and filled: were and eat, all did they And
multitude. the to disciples the and disciples, his to loaves the gave and brake, and blessed, he heaven, to up looking and fishes, two the and loaves, five the took and grass, the on down sit to multitude the commanded he And
me. to hither them Bring said, He
fishes. two and loaves, five but here have We him, unto say they And
eat. to them ye give depart; not need They them, unto said Jesus But
victuals. themselves buy and villages, the into go may they that away, multitude the send past; now is time the and place, desert a is This saying, him, to came disciples his evening, was it when And
sick. their healed he and them, toward compassion with moved was and multitude, great a saw and forth, went Jesus And
cities. the of out foot on him followed they thereof, heard had people the when and apart: place desert a into ship by thence departed he it, of heard Jesus When
Jesus. told and went and it, buried and body, the up took and came, disciples his And
mother. her to it brought she and damsel: the to given and charger, a in brought was head his And
prison. the in John beheaded and sent, he And
her. given be to it commanded he meat, at him with sat which them and sake, oath's the for nevertheless sorry: was king the And
charger. a in head Baptist's John here me Give said, mother, her of instructed before being she, And
ask. would she whatsoever her give to oath an with promised he Whereupon
Herod. pleased and them, before danced Herodias of daughter the kept, was birthday Herod's when But
prophet. a as him counted they because multitude, the feared he death, to him put have would he when And
her. have to thee for lawful not is It him, unto said John For
wife. Philip's brother his sake, Herodias' for prison in him put and him, bound and John, on hold laid had Herod For
him. in themselves forth shew do works mighty therefore and dead; the from risen is he Baptist; the John is This servants, his unto said And
Jesus, of fame the of heard tetrarch the Herod time that At
unbelief. their of because there works mighty many not did he And
house. own his in and country, own his in save honour, without not is prophet A them, unto said Jesus But him. in offended were they And
things? these all man this hath then Whence us? with all not they are sisters, his And
Judas? and Simon, and Joses, and James, brethren, his and Mary? called mother his not is son? carpenter's the this not Is
works? mighty these and wisdom, this man this hath Whence said, and astonished, were they that insomuch synagogue, their in them taught he country, own his into come was he when And
thence. departed he parables, these finished had Jesus when that pass, to came it And
old. and new things treasure his of out forth bringeth which householder, an is that man a unto like is heaven of kingdom the unto instructed is which scribe every Therefore them, unto he said Then
Lord. Yea, him, unto say They things? these all understood ye Have them, unto saith Jesus
teeth. of gnashing and wailing be shall there fire: of furnace the into them cast shall And
just, the among from wicked the sever and forth, come shall angels the world: the of end the at be it shall So
away. bad the cast but vessels, into good the gathered and down, sat and shore, to drew they full, was it when Which,
kind: every of gathered and sea, the into cast was that net, a unto like is heaven of kingdom the Again,
it. bought and had, he that all sold and went price, great of pearl one found had he when Who,
pearls: goodly seeking man, merchant a unto like is heaven of kingdom the Again,
field. that buyeth and hath, he that all selleth and goeth thereof joy for and hideth, he found, hath man a when which the field; a in hid treasure unto like is heaven of kingdom the Again,
hear. him let hear, to ears hath Who Father. their of kingdom the in sun the as forth shine righteous the shall Then
teeth. of gnashing and wailing be shall there fire: of furnace a into them cast shall And
iniquity; do which them and offend, that things all kingdom his of out gather shall they and angels, his forth send shall man of Son The
world. this of end the in be it shall so fire; the in burned and gathered are tares the therefore As
angels. the are reapers the and world; the of end the is harvest the devil; the is them sowed that enemy The
one; wicked the of children the are tares the but kingdom; the of children the are seed good the world; the is field The
man; of Son the is seed good the soweth that He them, unto said and answered He
field. the of tares the of parable the us unto Declare saying, him, unto came disciples his and house: the into went and away, multitude the sent Jesus Then
world. the of foundation the from secret kept been have which things utter will I parables; in mouth my open will I saying, prophet, the by spoken was which fulfilled be might it That
them: unto not he spake parable a without and parables; in multitude the unto Jesus spake things these All
leavened. was whole the till meal, of measures three in hid and took, woman a which leaven, unto like is heaven of kingdom The them; unto he spake parable Another
thereof. branches the in lodge and come air the of birds the that so tree, a becometh and herbs, among greatest the is it grown, is it when but seeds: all of least the is indeed Which
field: his in sowed and took, man a which seed, mustard of grain a to like is heaven of kingdom The saying, them, unto forth he put parable Another
barn. my into wheat the gather but them: burn to bundles in them bind and tares, the first together ye Gather reapers, the to say will I harvest of time the in and harvest: the until together grow both Let
them. with wheat the also up root ye tares, the up gather ye while lest Nay; said, he But
up? them gather and go we that then thou Wilt him, unto said servants The this. done hath enemy An them, unto said He
tares? it hath then whence from field? thy in seed good sow thou not didst Sir, him, unto said and came householder the of servants the So
also. tares the appeared then fruit, forth brought and up, sprung was blade the when But
way. his went and wheat, the among tares sowed and came enemy his slept, men while But
field: his in seed good sowed which man a unto likened is heaven of kingdom The saying, them, unto forth he put parable Another
thirty. some sixty, some hundredfold, an some forth, bringeth and fruit, beareth also which it; understandeth and word, the heareth that he is ground good the into seed received that he But
unfruitful. becometh he and word, the choke riches, of deceitfulness the and world, this of care the and word; the heareth that he is thorns the among seed received that also He
offended. is he by and by word, the of because ariseth persecution or tribulation when for while: a for dureth but himself, in root not he hath Yet
it; receiveth joy with anon and word, the heareth that he is same the places, stony into seed the received that he But
side. way the by seed received which he is This heart. his in sown was which that away catcheth and one, wicked the cometh then not, it understandeth and kingdom, the of word the heareth one any When
sower. the of parable the therefore ye Hear
them. heard not have and hear, ye which things those hear to and them; seen not have and see, ye which things those see to desired have men righteous and prophets many That you, unto say I verily For
hear. they for ears, your and see: they for eyes, your are blessed But
them. heal should I and converted, be should and heart, their with understand should and ears, their with hear and eyes their with see should they time any at lest closed; have they eyes their and hearing, of dull are ears their and gross, waxed is heart people's this For
perceive: not shall and see, shall ye seeing and understand; not shall and hear, shall ye hearing By saith, which Esaias, of prophecy the fulfilled is them in And
understand. they do neither not, hear they hearing and not; see seeing they because parables: in them to I speak Therefore
hath. he that even away taken be shall him from not, hath whosoever but abundance: more have shall he and given, be shall him to hath, whosoever For
given. not is it them to but heaven, of kingdom the of mysteries the know to you unto given is it Because them, unto said and answered He
parables? in them unto thou speakest Why him, unto said and came, disciples the And
hear. him let hear, to ears hath Who
thirtyfold. some sixtyfold, some hundredfold, an some fruit, forth brought and ground, good into fell other But
them: choked and up, sprung thorns the and thorns; among fell some And
away. withered they root, no had they because and scorched; were they up, was sun the when And
earth: of deepness no had they because up, sprung they forthwith and earth: much not had they where places, stony upon fell Some
up: them devoured and came fowls the and side, way the by fell seeds some sowed, he when And
sow; to forth went sower a Behold, saying, parables, in them unto things many spake he And
shore. the on stood multitude whole the and sat; and ship, a into went he that so him, unto together gathered were multitudes great And
side. sea the by sat and house, the of out Jesus went day same The
mother. and sister, and brother, my is same the heaven, in is which Father my of will the do shall whosoever For
brethren! my and mother my Behold said, and disciples, his toward hand his forth stretched he And
brethren? my are who and mother? my is Who him, told that him unto said and answered he But
thee. with speak to desiring without, stand brethren thy and mother thy Behold, him, unto said one Then
him. with speak to desiring without, stood brethren his and mother his behold, people, the to talked yet he While
generation. wicked this unto also be it shall so Even first. the than worse is man that of state last the and there: dwell and in enter they and himself, than wicked more spirits other seven himself with taketh and he, goeth Then
garnished. and swept, empty, it findeth he come, is he when and out; came I whence from house my into return will I saith, he Then
none. findeth and rest, seeking places, dry through walketh he man, a of out gone is spirit unclean the When
here. is Solomon than greater a behold, and, Solomon; of wisdom the hear to earth the of parts uttermost the from came she for it: condemn shall and generation, this with judgment the in up rise shall south the of queen The
here. is Jonas than greater a behold, and, Jonas; of preaching the at repented they because it: condemn shall and generation, this with judgment in rise shall Nineveh of men The
earth. the of heart the in nights three and days three be man of Son the shall so belly; whale's the in nights three and days three was Jonas as For
Jonas: prophet the of sign the but it, to given be sign no shall there and sign; a after seeketh generation adulterous and evil An them, unto said and answered he But
thee. from sign a see would we Master, saying, answered, Pharisees the of and scribes the of certain Then
condemned. be shalt thou words thy by and justified, be shalt thou words thy by For
judgment. of day the in thereof account give shall they speak, shall men that word idle every That you, unto say I But
things. evil forth bringeth treasure evil the of out man evil an and things: good forth bringeth heart the of treasure good the of out man good A
speaketh. mouth the heart the of abundance the of out for things? good speak evil, being ye, can how vipers, of generation O
fruit. his by known is tree the for corrupt: fruit his and corrupt, tree the make else or good; fruit his and good, tree the make Either
come. to world the in neither world, this in neither him, forgiven be not shall it Ghost, Holy the against speaketh whosoever but him: forgiven be shall it man, of Son the against word a speaketh whosoever And
men. unto forgiven be not shall Ghost Holy the against blasphemy the but men: unto forgiven be shall blasphemy and sin of manner All you, unto say I Wherefore
abroad. scattereth me with not gathereth that he and me; against is me with not is that He
house. his spoil will he then and man? strong the bind first he except goods, his spoil and house, man's strong a into enter one can how else Or
you. unto come is God of kingdom the then God, of Spirit the by devils out cast I if But
judges. your be shall they therefore out? them cast children your do whom by devils, out cast Beelzebub by I if And
stand? kingdom his then shall how himself; against divided is he Satan, out cast Satan if And
stand: not shall itself against divided house or city every and desolation; to brought is itself against divided kingdom Every them, unto said and thoughts, their knew Jesus And
devils. the of prince the Beelzebub by but devils, out cast not doth fellow This said, they it, heard Pharisees the when But
David? of son the this not Is said, and amazed, were people the all And
saw. and spake both dumb and blind the that insomuch him, healed he and dumb: and blind, devil, a with possessed one him unto brought was Then
trust. Gentiles the shall name his in And
victory. unto judgment forth send he till quench, not he shall flax smoking and break, not he shall reed bruised A
streets. the in voice his hear man any shall neither cry; nor strive, not shall He
Gentiles. the to judgment shew shall he and him, upon spirit my put will I pleased: well is soul my whom in beloved, my chosen; have I whom servant, my Behold
saying, prophet, the Esaias by spoken was which fulfilled be might it That
known: him make not should they that them charged And
all; them healed he and him, followed multitudes great and thence: from himself withdrew he it, knew Jesus when But
him. destroy might they how him, against council a held and out, went Pharisees the Then
other. the as like whole, restored was it and forth; it stretched he And hand. thine forth Stretch man, the to he saith Then
days. sabbath the on well do to lawful is it Wherefore sheep? a than better man a is then much How
out? it lift and it, on hold lay not he will day, sabbath the on pit a into fall it if and sheep, one have shall that you, among be there shall man What them, unto said he And
him. accuse might they that days? sabbath the on heal to lawful it Is saying, him, asked they And withered. hand his had which man a was there behold, And,
synagogue: their into went he thence, departed was he when And
day. sabbath the of even Lord is man of Son the For
guiltless. the condemned have not would ye sacrifice, not and mercy, have will I meaneth, this what known had ye if But
temple. the than greater one is place this in That you, unto say I But
blameless? are and sabbath, the profane temple the in priests the days sabbath the on that how law, the in read not ye have Or
priests? the for only but him, with were which them for neither eat, to him for lawful not was which shewbread, the eat did and God, of house the into entered he How
him; with were that they and hungred, an was he when did, David what read not ye Have them, unto said he But
day. sabbath the upon do to lawful not is which that do disciples thy Behold, him, unto said they it, saw Pharisees the when But
eat. to and corn of ears the pluck to began and hungred, an were disciples his and corn; the through day sabbath the on went Jesus time that At
light. is burden my and easy, is yoke my For
souls. your unto rest find shall ye and heart: in lowly and meek am I for me; of learn and you, upon yoke my Take
rest. you give will I and laden, heavy are and labour that ye all me, unto Come
him. reveal will Son the whomsoever to he and Son, the save Father, the man any knoweth neither Father; the but Son, the knoweth man no and Father: my of me unto delivered are things All
sight. thy in good seemed it so for Father: so, Even
babes. unto them revealed hast and prudent, and wise the from things these hid hast thou because earth, and heaven of Lord Father, O thee, thank I said, and answered Jesus time that At
thee. for than judgment, of day the in Sodom of land the for tolerable more be shall it That you, unto say I But
day. this until remained have would it Sodom, in done been had thee, in done been have which works, mighty the if for hell: to down brought be shalt heaven, unto exalted art which Capernaum, thou, And
you. for than judgment, of day the at Sidon and Tyre for tolerable more be shall It you, unto say I But
ashes. and sackcloth in ago long repented have would they Sidon, and Tyre in done been had you, in done were which works, mighty the if for Bethsaida! thee, unto woe Chorazin! thee, unto Woe
not: repented they because done, were works mighty his of most wherein cities the upbraid to he began Then
children. her of justified is wisdom But sinners. and publicans of friend a winebibber, a and gluttonous, man a Behold say, they and drinking, and eating came man of Son The
devil. a hath He say, they and drinking, nor eating neither came John For
lamented. not have ye and you, unto mourned have we danced; not have ye and you, unto piped have We saying, And
fellows, their unto calling and markets, the in sitting children unto like is It generation? this liken I shall whereunto But
hear. him let hear, to ears hath that He
come. to for was which Elias, is this it, receive will ye if And
John. until prophesied law the and prophets the all For
force. by it take violent the and violence, suffereth heaven of kingdom the now until Baptist the John of days the from And
he. than greater is heaven of kingdom the in least is that he notwithstanding Baptist: the John than greater a risen not hath there women of born are that them Among you, unto say I Verily
thee. before way thy prepare shall which face, thy before messenger my send I Behold, written, is it whom of he, is this For
prophet. a than more and you, unto say I yea, prophet? A see? to for out ye went what But
houses. kings' in are clothing soft wear that they behold, raiment? soft in clothed man A see? to for out ye went what But
wind? the with shaken reed A see? to wilderness the into out ye went What John, concerning multitudes the unto say to began Jesus departed, they as And
me. in offended be not shall whosoever he, is blessed And
them. to preached gospel the have poor the and up, raised are dead the hear, deaf the and cleansed, are lepers the walk, lame the and sight, their receive blind The
see: and hear do ye which things those again John shew and Go them, unto said and answered Jesus
another? for look we do or come, should that he thou Art him, unto said And
disciples, his of two sent he Christ, of works the prison the in heard had John when Now
cities. their in preach to and teach to thence departed he disciples, twelve his commanding of end an made had Jesus when pass, to came it And
reward. his lose wise no in shall he you, unto say I verily disciple, a of name the in only water cold of cup a ones little these of one unto drink to give shall whosoever And
reward. man's righteous a receive shall man righteous a of name the in man righteous a receiveth that he and reward; prophet's a receive shall prophet a of name the in prophet a receiveth that He
me. sent that him receiveth me receiveth that he and me, receiveth you receiveth that He
it. find shall sake my for life his loseth that he and it: lose shall life his findeth that He
me. of worthy not is me, after followeth and cross, his not taketh that he And
me. of worthy not is me than more daughter or son loveth that he and me: of worthy not is me than more mother or father loveth that He
household. own his of they be shall foes man's a And
law. in mother her against law in daughter the and mother, her against daughter the and father, his against variance at man a set to come am I For
sword. a but peace, send to not came I earth: on peace send to come am I that not Think
heaven. in is which Father my before deny also I will him men, before me deny shall whosoever But
heaven. in is which Father my before also confess I will him men, before me confess shall therefore Whosoever
sparrows. many than value more of are ye therefore, not ye Fear
numbered. all are head your of hairs very the But
Father. your without ground the on fall not shall them of one and farthing? a for sold sparrows two not Are
hell. in body and soul both destroy to able is which him fear rather but soul: the kill to able not are but body, the kill which them not fear And
housetops. the upon ye preach that ear, the in hear ye what and light: in ye speak that darkness, in you tell I What
known. be not shall that hid, and revealed; be not shall that covered, nothing is there for therefore: not them Fear
household? his of them call they shall more much how Beelzebub, house the of master the called have they If lord. his as servant the and master, his as be he that disciple the for enough is It
lord. his above servant the nor master, his above not is disciple The
come. be man of Son the till Israel, of cities the over gone have not shall Ye you, unto say I verily for another: into ye flee city, this in you persecute they when But
saved. be shall end the to endureth that he but sake: name's my for men all of hated be shall ye And
death. to put be to them cause and parents, their against up rise shall children the and child: the father the and death, to brother the up deliver shall brother the And
you. in speaketh which Father your of Spirit the but speak, that ye not is it For
speak. shall ye what hour same that in you given be shall it for speak: shall ye what or how thought no take up, you deliver they when But
Gentiles. the and them against testimony a for sake, my for kings and governors before brought be shall ye And
synagogues; their in you scourge will they and councils, the to up you deliver will they for men: of beware But
doves. as harmless and serpents, as wise therefore ye be wolves: of midst the in sheep as forth you send I Behold,
city. that for than judgment, of day the in Gomorrha and Sodom of land the for tolerable more be shall It you, unto say I Verily
feet. your of dust the off shake city, or house that of out depart ye when words, your hear nor you, receive not shall whosoever And
you. to return peace your let worthy, not be it if but it: upon come peace your let worthy, be house the if And
it. salute house, an into come ye when And
thence. go ye till abide there and worthy; is it in who enquire enter, shall ye town or city whatsoever into And
meat. his of worthy is workman the for staves: yet nor shoes, neither coats, two neither journey, your for scrip Nor
purses, your in brass nor silver, nor gold, neither Provide
give. freely received, have ye freely devils: out cast dead, the raise lepers, the cleanse sick, the Heal
hand. at is heaven of kingdom The saying, preach, go, ye as And
Israel. of house the of sheep lost the to rather go But
not: ye enter Samaritans the of city any into and Gentiles, the of way the into not Go saying, them, commanded and forth, sent Jesus twelve These
him. betrayed also who Iscariot, Judas and Canaanite, the Simon
Thaddaeus; was surname whose Lebbaeus, and Alphaeus, of son the James publican; the Matthew and Thomas, Bartholomew; and Philip,
brother; his John and Zebedee, of son the James brother; his Andrew and Peter, called is who Simon, first, The these; are apostles twelve the of names the Now
disease. of manner all and sickness of manner all heal to and out, them cast to spirits, unclean against power them gave he disciples, twelve his him unto called had he when And
harvest. his into labourers forth send will he that harvest, the of Lord the therefore ye Pray
few; are labourers the but plenteous, is truly harvest The disciples, his unto he saith Then
shepherd. no having sheep as abroad, scattered were and fainted, they because them, on compassion with moved was he multitudes, the saw he when But
people. the among disease every and sickness every healing and kingdom, the of gospel the preaching and synagogues, their in teaching villages, and cities the all about went Jesus And
devils. the of prince the through devils out casteth He said, Pharisees the But
Israel. in seen so never was It saying, marvelled, multitudes the and spake: dumb the out, cast was devil the when And
devil. a with possessed man dumb a him to brought they behold, out, went they As
country. that all in fame his abroad spread departed, were they when they, But
it. know man no that See saying, them, charged straitly Jesus and opened; were eyes their And
you. unto it be faith your to According saying, eyes, their he touched Then
Lord. Yea, him, unto said They this? do to able am I that ye Believe them, unto saith Jesus and him: to came men blind the house, the into come was he when And
us. on mercy have David, of son Thou saying, and crying, him, followed men blind two thence, departed Jesus when And
land. that all into abroad went hereof fame the And
arose. maid the and hand, the by her took and in, went he forth, put were people the when But
scorn. to him laughed they And sleepeth. but dead, not is maid the for place: Give them, unto said He
noise, a making people the and minstrels the saw and house, ruler's the into came Jesus when And
hour. that from whole made was woman the And whole. thee made hath faith thy comfort; good of be Daughter, said, he her, saw he when and about, him turned Jesus But
whole. be shall I garment, his touch but may I If herself, within said she For
garment: his of hem the touched and him, behind came years, twelve blood of issue an with diseased was which woman, a behold, And,
disciples. his did so and him, followed and arose, Jesus And
live. shall she and her, upon hand thy lay and come but dead: now even is daughter My saying, him, worshipped and ruler, certain a came there behold, them, unto things these spake he While
preserved. are both and bottles, new into wine new put they but perish: bottles the and out, runneth wine the and break, bottles the else bottles: old into wine new put men do Neither
worse. made is rent the and garment, the from taketh up it fill to in put is which that for garment, old an unto cloth new of piece a putteth man No
fast. they shall then and them, from taken be shall bridegroom the when come, will days the but them? with is bridegroom the as long as mourn, bridechamber the of children the Can them, unto said Jesus And
not? fast disciples thy but oft, fast Pharisees the and we do Why saying, John, of disciples the him to came Then
repentance. to sinners but righteous, the call to come not am I for sacrifice: not and mercy, have will I meaneth, that what learn and ye go But
sick. are that they but physician, a not need whole be that They them, unto said he that, heard Jesus when But
sinners? and publicans with Master your eateth Why disciples, his unto said they it, saw Pharisees the when And
disciples. his and him with down sat and came sinners and publicans many behold, house, the in meat at sat Jesus as pass, to came it And
him. followed and arose, he And me. Follow him, unto saith he and custom: of receipt the at sitting Matthew, named man, a saw he thence, from forth passed Jesus as And
men. unto power such given had which God, glorified and marvelled, they it, saw multitudes the when But
house. his to departed and arose, he And
house. thine unto go and bed, thy up take Arise, palsy,) the of sick the to he saith (then sins, forgive to earth on power hath man of Son the that know may ye that But
walk? and Arise, say, to or thee; forgiven be sins Thy say, to easier, is whether For
hearts? your in evil ye think Wherefore said, thoughts their knowing Jesus And
blasphemeth. man This themselves, within said scribes the of certain behold, And,
thee. forgiven be sins thy cheer; good of be Son, palsy; the of sick the unto said faith their seeing Jesus and bed: a on lying palsy, the of sick man a him to brought they behold, And,
city. own his into came and over, passed and ship, a into entered he And
coasts. their of out depart would he that him besought they him, saw they when and Jesus: meet to out came city whole the behold, And,
devils. the of possessed the to befallen was what and thing, every told and city, the into ways their went and fled, them kept that they And
waters. the in perished and sea, the into place steep a down violently ran swine of herd whole the behold, and, swine: of herd the into went they out, come were they when And Go. them, unto said he And
swine. of herd the into away go to us suffer out, us cast thou If saying, him, besought devils the So
feeding. swine many of herd an them from off way good a was there And
time? the before us torment to hither come thou art God? of Son thou Jesus, thee, with do to we have What saying, out, cried they behold, And,
way. that by pass might man no that so fierce, exceeding tombs, the of out coming devils, with possessed two him met there Gergesenes, the of country the into side other the to come was he when And
him! obey sea the and winds the even that this, is man of manner What saying, marvelled, men the But
calm. great a was there and sea; the and winds the rebuked and arose, he Then faith? little of ye O fearful, ye are Why them, unto saith he And
perish. we us: save Lord, saying, him, awoke and him, to came disciples his And
asleep. was he but waves: the with covered was ship the that insomuch sea, the in tempest great a arose there behold, And,
him. followed disciples his ship, a into entered was he when And
dead. their bury dead the let and me; Follow him, unto said Jesus But
father. my bury and go to first me suffer Lord, him, unto said disciples his of another And
head. his lay to where not hath man of Son the but nests; have air the of birds the and holes, have foxes The him, unto saith Jesus And
goest. thou whithersoever thee follow will I Master, him, unto said and came, scribe certain a And
side. other the unto depart to commandment gave he him, about multitudes great saw Jesus when Now
sicknesses. our bare and infirmities, our took Himself saying, prophet, the Esaias by spoken was which fulfilled be might it That
sick: were that all healed and word, his with spirits the out cast he and devils: with possessed were that many him unto brought they come, was even the When
them. unto ministered and arose, she and her: left fever the and hand, her touched he And
fever. a of sick and laid, mother wife's his saw he house, Peter's into come was Jesus when And
hour. selfsame the in healed was servant his And thee. unto done it be so believed, hast thou as and way; thy Go centurion, the unto said Jesus And
teeth. of gnashing and weeping be shall there darkness: outer into out cast be shall kingdom the of children the But
heaven. of kingdom the in Jacob, and Isaac, and Abraham, with down sit shall and west, and east the from come shall many That you, unto say I And
Israel. in not no, faith, great so found not have I you, unto say I Verily followed, that them to said and marvelled, he it, heard Jesus When
it. doeth he and this, Do servant, my to and cometh; he and Come, another, to and goeth; he and Go, man, this to say I and me: under soldiers having authority, under man a am I For
healed. be shall servant my and only, word the speak but roof: my under come shouldest thou that worthy not am I Lord, said, and answered centurion The
him. heal and come will I him, unto saith Jesus And
tormented. grievously palsy, the of sick home at lieth servant my Lord, saying, And
him, beseeching centurion, a him unto came there Capernaum, into entered was Jesus when And
them. unto testimony a for commanded, Moses that gift the offer and priest, the to thyself shew way, thy go but man; no tell thou See him, unto saith Jesus And
cleansed. was leprosy his immediately And clean. thou be will; I saying, him, touched and hand, his forth put Jesus And
clean. me make canst thou wilt, thou if Lord, saying, him, worshipped and leper a came there behold, And,
him. followed multitudes great mountain, the from down come was he When
scribes. the as not and authority, having one as them taught he For
doctrine: his at astonished were people the sayings, these ended had Jesus when pass, to came it And
it. of fall the was great and fell: it and house; that upon beat and blew, winds the and came, floods the and descended, rain the And
sand: the upon house his built which man, foolish a unto likened be shall not, them doeth and mine, of sayings these heareth that one every And
rock. a upon founded was it for not: fell it and house; that upon beat and blew, winds the and came, floods the and descended, rain the And
rock: a upon house his built which man, wise a unto him liken will I them, doeth and mine, of sayings these heareth whosoever Therefore
iniquity. work that ye me, from depart you: knew never I them, unto profess I will then And
works? wonderful many done name thy in and devils? out cast have name thy in and name? thy in prophesied not we have Lord, Lord, day, that in me to say will Many
heaven. in is which Father my of will the doeth that he but heaven; of kingdom the into enter shall Lord, Lord, me, unto saith that one every Not
them. know shall ye fruits their by Wherefore
fire. the into cast and down, hewn is fruit good forth not bringeth that tree Every
fruit. good forth bring tree corrupt a can neither fruit, evil forth bring cannot tree good A
fruit. evil forth bringeth tree corrupt a but fruit; good forth bringeth tree good every so Even
thistles? of figs or thorns, of grapes gather men Do fruits. their by them know shall Ye
wolves. ravening are they inwardly but clothing, sheep's in you to come which prophets, false of Beware
it. find that be there few and life, unto leadeth which way, the is narrow and gate, the is strait Because
thereat: in go which be there many and destruction, to leadeth that way, the is broad and gate, the is wide for gate: strait the at in ye Enter
prophets. the and law the is this for them: to so even ye do you, to do should men that would ye whatsoever things all Therefore
him? ask that them to things good give heaven in is which Father your shall more much how children, your unto gifts good give to how know evil, being then, ye If
serpent? a him give he will fish, a ask he if Or
stone? a him give he will bread, ask son his if whom you, of there is man what Or
opened. be shall it knocketh that him to and findeth; seeketh that he and receiveth; asketh that one every For
you: unto opened be shall it and knock, find; shall ye and seek, you; given be shall it and Ask,
you. rend and again turn and feet, their under them trample they lest swine, before pearls your ye cast neither dogs, the unto holy is which that not Give
eye. brother's thy of out mote the out cast to clearly see thou shalt then and eye; own thine of out beam the out cast first hypocrite, Thou
eye? own thine in is beam a behold, and, eye; thine of out mote the out pull me Let brother, thy to say thou wilt how Or
eye? own thine in is that beam the not considerest but eye, brother's thy in is that mote the thou beholdest why And
again. you to measured be shall it mete, ye measure what with and judged: be shall ye judge, ye judgment what with For
judged. not be ye that not, Judge
thereof. evil the is day the unto Sufficient itself. of things the for thought take shall morrow the for morrow: the for thought no therefore Take
you. unto added be shall things these all and righteousness; his and God, of kingdom the first ye seek But
things. these all of need have ye that knoweth Father heavenly your for seek:) Gentiles the do things these all after (For
clothed? be we shall Wherewithal or, drink? we shall What or, eat? we shall What saying, thought, no take Therefore
faith? little of ye O you, clothe more much not he shall oven, the into cast is morrow to and is, day to which field, the of grass the clothe so God if Wherefore,
these. of one like arrayed not was glory his all in Solomon even That you, unto say I yet And
spin: they do neither not, toil they grow; they how field, the of lilies the Consider raiment? for thought ye take why And
stature? his unto cubit one add can thought taking by you of Which
they? than better much not ye Are them. feedeth Father heavenly your yet barns; into gather nor reap, they do neither not, sow they for air: the of fowls the Behold
raiment? than body the and meat, than more life the not Is on. put shall ye what body, your for yet nor drink; shall ye what or eat, shall ye what life, your for thought no Take you, unto say I Therefore
mammon. and God serve cannot Ye other. the despise and one, the to hold will he else or other; the love and one, the hate will he either for masters: two serve can man No
darkness! that is great how darkness, be thee in is that light the therefore If darkness. of full be shall body whole thy evil, be eye thine if But
light. of full be shall body whole thy single, be eye thine therefore if eye: the is body the of light The
also. be heart your will there is, treasure your where For
steal: nor through break not do thieves where and corrupt, doth rust nor moth neither where heaven, in treasures yourselves for up lay But
steal: and through break thieves where and corrupt, doth rust and moth where earth, upon treasures yourselves for up not Lay
openly. thee reward shall secret, in seeth which Father, thy and secret: in is which Father thy unto but fast, to men unto not appear thou That
face; thy wash and head, thine anoint fastest, thou when thou, But
reward. their have They you, unto say I Verily fast. to men unto appear may they that faces, their disfigure they for countenance: sad a of hypocrites, the as not, be fast, ye when Moreover
trespasses. your forgive Father your will neither trespasses, their men not forgive ye if But
you: forgive also will Father heavenly your trespasses, their men forgive ye if For
Amen. ever. for glory, the and power, the and kingdom, the is thine For evil: from us deliver but temptation, into not us lead And
debtors. our forgive we as debts, our us forgive And
bread. daily our day this us Give
heaven. in is it as earth, in done be will Thy come, kingdom Thy
name. thy be Hallowed heaven, in art which Father Our ye: pray therefore manner this After
him. ask ye before of, need have ye things what knoweth Father your for them: unto like therefore ye not Be
speaking. much their for heard be shall they that think they for do: heathen the as repetitions, vain not use pray, ye when But
openly. thee reward shall secret in seeth which Father thy and secret; in is which Father thy to pray door, thy shut hast thou when and closet, thy into enter prayest, thou when thou, But
reward. their have They you, unto say I Verily men. of seen be may they that streets, the of corners the in and synagogues the in standing pray to love they for are: hypocrites the as be not shalt thou prayest, thou when And
openly. thee reward shall himself secret in seeth which Father thy and secret: in be may alms thine That
doeth: hand right thy what know hand left thy not let alms, doest thou when But
reward. their have They you, unto say I Verily men. of glory have may they that streets, the in and synagogues the in do hypocrites the as thee, before trumpet a sound not do alms, thine doest thou when Therefore
heaven. in is which Father your of reward no have ye otherwise them: of seen be to men, before alms your not do ye that heed Take
perfect. is heaven in is which Father your as even perfect, therefore ye Be
so? publicans the even not do others? than more ye do what only, brethren your salute ye if And
same? the publicans the even not do ye? have reward what you, love which them love ye if For
unjust. the on and just the on rain sendeth and good, the on and evil the on rise to sun his maketh he for heaven: in is which Father your of children the be may ye That
you; persecute and you, use despitefully which them for pray and you, hate that them to good do you, curse that them bless enemies, your Love you, unto say I But
enemy. thine hate and neighbour, thy love shalt Thou said, been hath it that heard have Ye
away. thou not turn thee of borrow would that him from and thee, asketh that him to Give
twain. him with go mile, a go to thee compel shall whosoever And
also. cloak thy have him let coat, thy away take and law, the at thee sue will man any if And
also. other the him to turn cheek, right thy on thee smite shall whosoever but evil: not resist ye That you, unto say I But
tooth: a for tooth a and eye, an for eye An said, been hath it that heard have Ye
evil. of cometh these than more is whatsoever for nay: Nay, yea; Yea, be, communication your let But
black. or white hair one make not canst thou because head, thy by swear thou shalt Neither
King. great the of city the is it for Jerusalem; by neither footstool: his is it for earth; the by Nor
throne: God's is it for heaven; by neither all; at not Swear you, unto say I But
oaths: thine Lord the unto perform shalt but thyself, forswear not shalt Thou time, old of them by said been hath it that heard have ye Again,
adultery. committeth divorced is that her marry shall whosoever and adultery: commit to her causeth fornication, of cause the for saving wife, his away put shall whosoever That you, unto say I But
divorcement: of writing a her give him let wife, his away put shall Whosoever said, been hath It
hell. into cast be should body whole thy that not and perish, should members thy of one that thee for profitable is it for thee: from it cast and off, it cut thee, offend hand right thy if And
hell. into cast be should body whole thy that not and perish, should members thy of one that thee for profitable is it for thee: from it cast and out, it pluck thee, offend eye right thy if And
heart. his in already her with adultery committed hath her after lust to woman a on looketh whosoever That you, unto say I But
adultery: commit not shalt Thou time, old of them by said was it that heard have Ye
farthing. uttermost the paid hast thou till thence, out come means no by shalt Thou thee, unto say I Verily
prison. into cast be thou and officer, the to thee deliver judge the and judge, the to thee deliver adversary the time any at lest him; with way the in art thou whiles quickly, adversary thine with Agree
gift. thy offer and come then and brother, thy to reconciled be first way; thy go and altar, the before gift thy there Leave
thee; against ought hath brother thy that rememberest there and altar, the to gift thy bring thou if Therefore
fire. hell of danger in be shall fool, Thou say, shall whosoever but council: the of danger in be shall Raca, brother, his to say shall whosoever and judgment: the of danger in be shall cause a without brother his with angry is whosoever That you, unto say I But
judgment: the of danger in be shall kill shall whosoever and kill; not shalt Thou time, old of them of said was it that heard have Ye
heaven. of kingdom the into enter case no in shall ye Pharisees, and scribes the of righteousness the exceed shall righteousness your except That you, unto say I For
heaven. of kingdom the in great called be shall same the them, teach and do shall whosoever but heaven: of kingdom the in least the called be shall he so, men teach shall and commandments, least these of one break shall therefore Whosoever
fulfilled. be all till law, the from pass wise no in shall tittle one or jot one pass, earth and heaven Till you, unto say I verily For
fulfil. to but destroy, to come not am I prophets: the or law, the destroy to come am I that not Think
heaven. in is which Father your glorify and works, good your see may they that men, before shine so light your Let
house. the in are that all unto light giveth it and candlestick; a on but bushel, a under it put and candle, a light men do Neither
hid. be cannot hill an on set is that city A world. the of light the are Ye
men. of foot under trodden be to and out, cast be to but nothing, for good thenceforth is it salted? be it shall wherewith savour, his lost have salt the if but earth: the of salt the are Ye
you. before were which prophets the they persecuted so for heaven: in reward your is great for glad: exceeding be and Rejoice,
sake. my for falsely, you against evil of manner all say shall and you, persecute and you, revile shall men when ye, are Blessed
heaven. of kingdom the is theirs for sake: righteousness' for persecuted are which they are Blessed
God. of children the called be shall they for peacemakers: the are Blessed
God. see shall they for heart: in pure the are Blessed
mercy. obtain shall they for merciful: the are Blessed
filled. be shall they for righteousness: after thirst and hunger do which they are Blessed
earth. the inherit shall they for meek: the are Blessed
comforted. be shall they for mourn: that they are Blessed
heaven. of kingdom the is theirs for spirit: in poor the are Blessed
saying, them, taught and mouth, his opened he And
him: unto came disciples his set, was he when and mountain: a into up went he multitudes, the seeing And
Jordan. beyond from and Judaea, from and Jerusalem, from and Decapolis, from and Galilee, from people of multitudes great him followed there And
them. healed he and palsy; the had that those and lunatick, were which those and devils, with possessed were which those and torments, and diseases divers with taken were that people sick all him unto brought they and Syria: all throughout went fame his And
people. the among disease of manner all and sickness of manner all healing and kingdom, the of gospel the preaching and synagogues, their in teaching Galilee, all about went Jesus And
him. followed and father, their and ship the left immediately they And
them. called he and nets; their mending father, their Zebedee with ship a in brother, his John and Zebedee, of son the James brethren, two other saw he thence, from on going And
him. followed and nets, their left straightway they And
men. of fishers you make will I and me, Follow them, unto saith he And
fishers. were they for sea: the into net a casting brother, his Andrew and Peter, called Simon brethren, two saw Galilee, of sea the by walking Jesus, And
hand. at is heaven of kingdom the for Repent: say, to and preach, to began Jesus time that From
up. sprung is light death of shadow and region the in sat which them to and light; great saw darkness in sat which people The
Gentiles; the of Galilee Jordan, beyond sea, the of way the by Nephthalim, of land the and Zabulon, of land The
saying, prophet, the Esaias by spoken was which fulfilled be might it That
Nephthalim: and Zabulon of borders the in coast, sea the upon is which Capernaum, in dwelt and came he Nazareth, leaving And
Galilee; into departed he prison, into cast was John that heard had Jesus when Now
him. unto ministered and came angels behold, and, him, leaveth devil the Then
serve. thou shalt only him and God, thy Lord the worship shalt Thou written, is it for Satan: hence, thee Get him, unto Jesus saith Then
me. worship and down fall wilt thou if thee, give I will things these All him, unto saith And
them; of glory the and world, the of kingdoms the all him sheweth and mountain, high exceeding an into up him taketh devil the Again,
God. thy Lord the tempt not shalt Thou again, written is It him, unto said Jesus
stone. a against foot thy dash thou time any at lest up, thee bear shall they hands their in and thee: concerning charge angels his give shall He written, is it for down: thyself cast God, of Son the be thou If him, unto saith And
temple, the of pinnacle a on him setteth and city, holy the into up him taketh devil the Then
God. of mouth the of out proceedeth that word every by but alone, bread by live not shall Man written, is It said, and answered he But
bread. made be stones these that command God, of Son the be thou If said, he him, to came tempter the when And
hungred. an afterward was he nights, forty and days forty fasted had he when And
devil. the of tempted be to wilderness the into Spirit the of up led Jesus was Then
pleased. well am I whom in Son, beloved my is This saying, heaven, from voice a lo And
him: upon lighting and dove, a like descending God of Spirit the saw he and him, unto opened were heavens the lo, and, water: the of out straightway up went baptized, was he when Jesus, And
him. suffered he Then righteousness. all fulfil to us becometh it thus for now: so be to it Suffer him, unto said answering Jesus And
me? to thou comest and thee, of baptized be to need have I saying, him, forbad John But
him. of baptized be to John, unto Jordan to Galilee from Jesus cometh Then
fire. unquenchable with chaff the up burn will he but garner; the into wheat his gather and floor, his purge throughly will he and hand, his in is fan Whose
fire: with and Ghost, Holy the with you baptize shall he bear: to worthy not am I shoes whose I, than mightier is me after cometh that he but repentance. unto water with you baptize indeed I
fire. the into cast and down, hewn is fruit good forth not bringeth which tree every therefore trees: the of root the unto laid is axe the also now And
Abraham. unto children up raise to stones these of able is God that you, unto say I for father: our to Abraham have We yourselves, within say to not think And
repentance: for meet fruits therefore forth Bring
come? to wrath the from flee to you warned hath who vipers, of generation O them, unto said he baptism, his to come Sadducees and Pharisees the of many saw he when But
sins. their confessing Jordan, in him of baptized were And
Jordan, about round region the all and Judaea, all and Jerusalem, him to out went Then
honey. wild and locusts was meat his and loins; his about girdle leathern a and hair, camel's of raiment his had John same the And
straight. paths his make Lord, the of way the ye Prepare wilderness, the in crying one of voice The saying, Esaias, prophet the by of spoken was that he is this For
hand. at is heaven of kingdom the for ye: Repent saying, And
Judaea, of wilderness the in preaching Baptist, the John came days those In
Nazarene. a called be shall He prophets, the by spoken was which fulfilled be might it that Nazareth: called city a in dwelt and came he And
Galilee: of parts the into aside turned he dream, a in God of warned being notwithstanding, thither: go to afraid was he Herod, father his of room the in Judaea in reign did Archelaus that heard he when But
Israel. of land the into came and mother, his and child young the took and arose, he And
life. child's young the sought which dead are they for Israel: of land the into go and mother, his and child young the take and Arise, Saying,
Egypt, in Joseph to dream a in appeareth Lord the of angel an behold, dead, was Herod when But
not. are they because comforted, be not would and children, her for weeping Rachel mourning, great and weeping, and lamentation, heard, voice a there was Rama In
saying, prophet, the Jeremiah by spoken was which that fulfilled was Then
men. wise the of inquired diligently had he which time the to according under, and old years two from thereof, coasts the all in and Bethlehem, in were that children the all slew and forth, sent and wroth, exceeding was men, wise the of mocked was he that saw he when Herod, Then
son. my called I have Egypt of Out saying, prophet, the by Lord the of spoken was which fulfilled be might it that Herod: of death the until there was And
Egypt: into departed and night, by mother his and child young the took he arose, he When
him. destroy to child young the seek will Herod for word: thee bring I until there thou be and Egypt, into flee and mother, his and child young the take and Arise, saying, dream, a in Joseph to appeareth Lord the of angel the behold, departed, were they when And
way. another country own their into departed they Herod, to return not should they that dream a in God of warned being And
myrrh. and frankincense and gold, gifts; him unto presented they treasures, their opened had they when and him: worshipped and down, fell and mother, his Mary with child young the saw they house, the into come were they when And
joy. great exceeding with rejoiced they star, the saw they When
was. child young the where over stood and came it till them, before went east, the in saw they which star, the lo, and, departed; they king, the heard had they When
also. him worship and come may I that again, word me bring him, found have ye when and child; young the for diligently search and Go said, and Bethlehem, to them sent he And
appeared. star the time what diligently them of enquired men, wise the called privily had he when Herod, Then
Israel. people my rule shall that Governor, a come shall thee of out for Juda: of princes the among least the not art Juda, of land the in Bethlehem, thou And
prophet, the by written is it thus for Judaea: of Bethlehem In him, unto said they And
born. be should Christ where them of demanded he together, people the of scribes and priests chief the all gathered had he when And
him. with Jerusalem all and troubled, was he things, these heard had king the Herod When
him. worship to come are and east, the in star his seen have we for Jews? the of King born is that he is Where Saying,
Jerusalem, to east the from men wise came there behold, king, the Herod of days the in Judaea of Bethlehem in born was Jesus when Now
. Jesus name his called he and son: firstborn her forth brought had she till not her knew And
wife: his him unto took and him, bidden had Lord the of angel the as did sleep from raised being Joseph Then
us. with God is, interpreted being which Emmanuel, name his call shall they and son, a forth bring shall and child, with be shall virgin a Behold,
saying, prophet, the by Lord the of spoken was which fulfilled be might it that done, was this all Now
sins. their from people his save shall he for : Jesus name his call shalt thou and son, a forth bring shall she And
Ghost. Holy the of is her in conceived is which that for wife: thy Mary thee unto take to not fear David, of son thou Joseph, saying, dream, a in him unto appeared Lord the of angel the behold, things, these on thought he while But
privily. away her put to minded was example, public a her make to willing not and man, just a being husband, her Joseph Then
Ghost. Holy the of child with found was she together, came they before Joseph, to espoused was Mary mother his as When wise: this on was Christ Jesus of birth the Now
generations. fourteen are Christ unto Babylon into away carrying the from and generations; fourteen are Babylon into away carrying the until David from and generations; fourteen are David to Abraham from generations the all So
Christ. called is who Jesus, born was whom of Mary, of husband the Joseph begat Jacob And
Jacob; begat Matthan and Matthan; begat Eleazar and Eleazar; begat Eliud And
Eliud; begat Achim and Achim; begat Sadoc and Sadoc; begat Azor And
Azor; begat Eliakim and Eliakim; begat Abiud and Abiud; begat Zorobabel And
Zorobabel; begat Salathiel and Salathiel; begat Jechonias Babylon, to brought were they after And
Babylon: to away carried were they time the about brethren, his and Jechonias begat Josias And
Josias; begat Amon and Amon; begat Manasses and Manasses; begat Ezekias And
Ezekias; begat Achaz and Achaz; begat Joatham and Joatham; begat Ozias And
Ozias; begat Joram and Joram; begat Josaphat and Josaphat; begat Asa And
Asa; begat Abia and Abia; begat Roboam and Roboam; begat Solomon And
Urias; of wife the been had that her of Solomon begat king the David and king; the David begat Jesse And
Jesse; begat Obed and Ruth; of Obed begat Booz and Rachab; of Booz begat Salmon And
Salmon; begat Naasson and Naasson; begat Aminadab and Aminadab; begat Aram And
Aram; begat Esrom and Esrom; begat Phares and Thamar; of Zara and Phares begat Judas And
brethren; his and Judas begat Jacob and Jacob; begat Isaac and Isaac; begat Abraham
Abraham. of son the David, of son the Christ, Jesus of generation the of book The
Matthew
curse. a with earth the smite and come I lest fathers, their to children the of heart the and children, the to fathers the of heart the turn shall he And
: Lord the of day dreadful and great the of coming the before prophet the Elijah you send will I Behold,
judgments. and statutes the with Israel, all for Horeb in him unto commanded I which servant, my Moses of law the ye Remember
hosts. of Lord the saith this, do shall I that day the in feet your of soles the under ashes be shall they for wicked; the down tread shall ye And
stall. the of calves as up grow and forth, go shall ye and wings; his in healing with arise righteousness of Sun the shall name my fear that you unto But
branch. nor root neither them leave shall it that hosts, of Lord the saith up, them burn shall cometh that day the and stubble: be shall wickedly, do that all and yea, proud, the all and oven; an as burn shall that cometh, day the behold, For,
not. him serveth that him and God serveth that him between wicked, the and righteous the between discern and return, ye shall Then
him. serveth that son own his spareth man a as them, spare will I and jewels; my up make I when day that in hosts, of Lord the saith mine, be shall they And
name. his upon thought that and , Lord the feared that them for him before written was remembrance of book a and it, heard and hearkened, Lord the and another: to one often spake Lord the feared that they Then
delivered. even are God tempt that they yea, up; set are wickedness work that they yea, happy; proud the call we now And
hosts? of Lord the before mournfully walked have we that and ordinance, his kept have we that it is profit what and God: serve to vain is It said, have Ye
thee? against much so spoken we have What say, ye Yet . Lord the saith me, against stout been have words Your
hosts. of Lord the saith land, delightsome a be shall ye for blessed: you call shall nations all And
hosts. of Lord the saith field, the in time the before fruit her cast vine your shall neither ground; your of fruits the destroy not shall he and sakes, your for devourer the rebuke will I And
it. receive to enough room be not shall there that blessing, a out you pour and heaven, of windows the you open not will I if hosts, of Lord the saith herewith, now me prove and house, mine in meat be may there that storehouse, the into tithes the all ye Bring
nation. whole this even me, robbed have ye for curse: a with cursed are Ye
offerings. and tithes In thee? robbed we have Wherein say, ye But me. robbed have ye Yet God? rob man a Will
return? we shall Wherein said, ye But hosts. of Lord the saith you, unto return will I and me, unto Return them. kept not have and ordinances, mine from away gone are ye fathers your of days the from Even
consumed. not are Jacob of sons ye therefore not; change I , Lord the am I For
hosts. of Lord the saith me, not fear and right, his from stranger the aside turn that and fatherless, the and widow, the wages, his in hireling the oppress that those against and swearers, false against and adulterers, the against and sorcerers, the against witness swift a be will I and judgment; to you to near come will I And
years. former in as and old, of days the in as , Lord the unto pleasant be Jerusalem and Judah of offering the shall Then
righteousness. in offering an Lord the unto offer may they that silver, and gold as them purge and Levi, of sons the purify shall he and silver: of purifier and refiner a as sit shall he And
soap: fullers' like and fire, refiner's a like is he for appeareth? he when stand shall who and coming? his of day the abide may who But
hosts. of Lord the saith come, shall he behold, in: delight ye whom covenant, the of messenger the even temple, his to come suddenly shall seek, ye whom , Lord the and me: before way the prepare shall he and messenger, my send will I Behold,
judgment? of God the is Where or, them; in delighteth he and , Lord the of sight the in good is evil doeth that one Every say, ye When him? wearied we have Wherein say, ye Yet words. your with Lord the wearied have Ye
treacherously. not deal ye that spirit, your to heed take therefore hosts: of Lord the saith garment, his with violence covereth one for away: putting hateth he that saith Israel, of God the , Lord the For
youth. his of wife the against treacherously deal none let and spirit, your to heed take Therefore seed. godly a seek might he That one? wherefore And spirit. the of residue the he had Yet one? make he not did And
covenant. thy of wife the and companion, thy she is yet treacherously: dealt hast thou whom against youth, thy of wife the and thee between witness been hath Lord the Because Wherefore? say, ye Yet
hand. your at will good with it receiveth or more, any offering the not regardeth he that insomuch out, crying with and weeping, with tears, with Lord the of altar the covering again, done ye have this And
hosts. of Lord the unto offering an offereth that him and Jacob, of tabernacles the of out scholar, the and master the this, doeth that man the off cut will Lord The
god. strange a of daughter the married hath and loved, he which Lord the of holiness the profaned hath Judah for Jerusalem; in and Israel in committed is abomination an and treacherously, dealt hath Judah
fathers? our of covenant the profaning by brother, his against man every treacherously deal we do why us? created God one not hath father? one all not we Have
law. the in partial been have but ways, my kept not have ye as according people, the all before base and contemptible you made also I have Therefore
hosts. of Lord the saith Levi, of covenant the corrupted have ye law; the at stumble to many caused have ye way; the of out departed are ye But
hosts. of Lord the of messenger the is he for mouth: his at law the seek should they and knowledge, keep should lips priest's the For
iniquity. from away many turn did and equity, and peace in me with walked he lips: his in found not was iniquity and mouth, his in was truth of law The
name. my before afraid was and me, feared he wherewith fear the for him to them gave I and peace; and life of him with was covenant My
hosts. of Lord the saith Levi, with be might covenant my that you, unto commandment this sent have I that know shall ye And
it. with away you take shall one and feasts; solemn your of dung the even faces, your upon dung spread and seed, your corrupt will I Behold,
heart. to it lay not do ye because already, them cursed have I yea, blessings: your curse will I and you, upon curse a send even will I hosts, of Lord the saith name, my unto glory give to heart, to it lay not will ye if and hear, not will ye If
you. for is commandment this priests, ye O now, And
heathen. the among dreadful is name my and hosts, of Lord the saith King, great a am I for thing: corrupt a Lord the unto sacrificeth and voweth, and male, a flock his in hath which deceiver, the be cursed But
. Lord the saith hand? your of this accept I should offering: an brought ye thus sick; the and lame, the and torn, was which that brought ye and hosts; of Lord the saith it, at snuffed have ye and it! is weariness a what Behold, also, said Ye
contemptible. is meat, his even thereof, fruit the and polluted; is Lord the of table The say, ye that in it, profaned have ye But
hosts. of Lord the saith heathen, the among great be shall name my for offering: pure a and name, my unto offered be shall incense place every in and Gentiles; the among great be shall name my same the of down going the unto even sun the of rising the from For
hand. your at offering an accept I will neither hosts, of Lord the saith you, in pleasure no have I nought. for altar mine on fire kindle ye do neither nought? for doors the shut would that you among even there is Who
hosts. of Lord the saith persons? your regard he will means: your by been hath this us: unto gracious be will he that God beseech you, pray I now, And
hosts. of Lord the saith person? thy accept or thee, with pleased be he will governor; thy unto now it offer evil? not it is sick, and lame the offer ye if and evil? not it is sacrifice, for blind the offer ye if And
contemptible. is Lord the of table The say, ye that In thee? polluted we have Wherein say, ye and altar; mine upon bread polluted offer Ye
name? thy despised we have Wherein say, ye And name. my despise that priests, O you, unto hosts of Lord the saith fear? my is where master, a be I if and honour? mine is where father, a be I then if master: his servant a and father, his honoureth son A
Israel. of border the from magnified be will Lord The say, shall ye and see, shall eyes your And
ever. for indignation hath Lord the whom against people The and, wickedness, of border The them, call shall they and down; throw will I but build, shall They hosts, of Lord the saith thus places; desolate the build and return will we but impoverished, are We saith, Edom Whereas
wilderness. the of dragons the for waste heritage his and mountains his laid and Esau, hated I And
Jacob, loved I yet : Lord the saith brother? Jacob's Esau not Was us? loved thou hast Wherein say, ye Yet . Lord the saith you, loved have I
Malachi. by Israel to Lord the of word the of burden The
Malachi
hosts. of Lord the of house the in Canaanite the more no be shall there day that in and therein: seethe and them, of take and come shall sacrifice that they all and hosts: of Lord the unto holiness be shall Judah in and Jerusalem in pot every Yea,
altar. the before bowls the like be shall house 's Lord the in pots the and ; Lord The Unto Holiness horses, the of bells the upon be there shall day that In
tabernacles. of feast the keep to up not come that nations all of punishment the and Egypt, of punishment the be shall This
tabernacles. of feast the keep to up not come that heathen the smite will Lord the wherewith plague, the be shall there rain; no have that not, come and up, not go Egypt of family the if And
rain. no be shall them upon even hosts, of Lord the King, the worship to Jerusalem unto earth the of families the all of up come not will whoso that be, shall it And
tabernacles. of feast the keep to and hosts, of Lord the King, the worship to year to year from up go even shall Jerusalem against came which nations the all of left is that one every that pass, to come shall it And
plague. this as tents, these in be shall that beasts the all of and ass, the of and camel, the of mule, the of horse, the of plague the be shall so And
abundance. great in apparel, and silver, and gold, together, gathered be shall about round heathen the all of wealth the and Jerusalem; at fight shall also Judah And
neighbour. his of hand the against up rise shall hand his and neighbour, his of hand the on one every hold lay shall they and them; among be shall Lord the from tumult great a that day, that in pass to come shall it And
mouth. their in away consume shall tongue their and holes, their in away consume shall eyes their and feet, their upon stand they while away consume shall flesh Their Jerusalem; against fought have that people the all smite will Lord the wherewith plague the be shall this And
inhabited. safely be shall Jerusalem but destruction; utter more no be shall there and it, in dwell shall men And
winepresses. king's the unto Hananeel of tower the from and gate, corner the unto gate, first the of place the unto gate Benjamin's from place, her in inhabited and up, lifted be shall it and Jerusalem: of south Rimmon to Geba from plain a as turned be shall land the All
one. name his and , Lord one be there shall day that in earth: the all over king be shall Lord the And
be. it shall winter in and summer in sea: hinder the toward them of half and sea, former the toward them of half Jerusalem; from out go shall waters living that day, that in be shall it And
light. be shall it time evening at that pass, to come shall it but night: nor day, not , Lord the to known be shall which day one be shall it But
dark: nor clear, be not shall light the that day, that in pass to come shall it And
thee. with saints the all and come, shall God my Lord the and Judah: of king Uzziah of days the in earthquake the before from fled ye as like flee, shall ye yea, Azal: unto reach shall mountains the of valley the for mountains; the of valley the to flee shall ye And
south. the toward it of half and north, the toward remove shall mountain the of half and valley; great very a be shall there and west, the toward and east the toward thereof midst the in cleave shall Olives of mount the and east, the on Jerusalem before is which Olives, of mount the upon day that in stand shall feet his And
battle. of day the in fought he when as nations, those against fight and forth, go Lord the shall Then
city. the from off cut be not shall people the of residue the and captivity, into forth go shall city the of half and ravished; women the and rifled, houses the and taken, be shall city the and battle; to Jerusalem against nations all gather will I For
thee. of midst the in divided be shall spoil thy and cometh, Lord the of day the Behold,
God. my is Lord The say, shall they and people: my is It say, will I them: hear will I and name, my on call shall they tried: is gold as them try will and refined, is silver as them refine will and fire, the through part third the bring will I And
therein. left be shall third the but die; and off cut be shall therein parts two , Lord the saith land, the all in that pass, to come shall it And
ones. little the upon hand mine turn will I and scattered: be shall sheep the and shepherd, the smite hosts: of Lord the saith fellow, my is that man the against and shepherd, my against sword, O Awake,
friends. my of house the in wounded was I which with Those answer, shall he Then hands? thine in wounds these are What him, unto say shall one And
youth. my from cattle keep to me taught man for husbandman; an am I prophet, no am I say, shall he But
deceive: to garment rough a wear they shall neither prophesied; hath he when vision, his of one every ashamed be shall prophets the that day, that in pass to come shall it And
prophesieth. he when through him thrust shall him begat that mother his and father his and : Lord the of name the in lies speakest thou for live; not shalt Thou him, unto say shall him begat that mother his and father his then prophesy, yet shall any when that pass, to come shall it And
land. the of out pass to spirit unclean the and prophets the cause will I also and remembered: be more no shall they and land, the of out idols the of names the off cut will I that hosts, of Lord the saith day, that in pass to come shall it And
uncleanness. for and sin for Jerusalem of inhabitants the to and David of house the to opened fountain a be shall there day that In
apart. wives their and apart, family every remain, that families the All
apart; wives their and apart, Shimei of family the apart; wives their and apart, Levi of house the of family The
apart; wives their and apart, Nathan of house the of family the apart; wives their and apart, David of house the of family the apart; family every mourn, shall land the And
Megiddon. of valley the in Hadadrimmon of mourning the as Jerusalem, in mourning great a be there shall day that In
firstborn. his for bitterness in is that one as him, for bitterness in be shall and son, only his for mourneth one as him, for mourn shall they and pierced, have they whom me upon look shall they and supplications: of and grace of spirit the Jerusalem, of inhabitants the upon and David, of house the upon pour will I And
Jerusalem. against come that nations the all destroy to seek will I that day, that in pass to come shall it And
them. before Lord the of angel the as God, as be shall David of house the and David; as be shall day that at them among feeble is that he and Jerusalem; of inhabitants the defend Lord the shall day that In
Judah. against themselves magnify not do Jerusalem of inhabitants the of glory the and David of house the of glory the that first, Judah of tents the save shall also Lord The
Jerusalem. in even place, own her in again inhabited be shall Jerusalem and left: the on and hand right the on about, round people the all devour shall they and sheaf; a in fire of torch a like and wood, the among fire of hearth an like Judah of governors the make I will day that In
God. their hosts of Lord the in strength my be shall Jerusalem of inhabitants The heart, their in say shall Judah of governors the And
blindness. with people the of horse every smite will and Judah, of house the upon eyes mine open will I and madness: with rider his and astonishment, with horse every smite will I , Lord the saith day, that In
it. against together gathered be earth the of people the all though pieces, in cut be shall it with themselves burden that all people: all for stone burdensome a Jerusalem make I will day that in And
Jerusalem. against and Judah against both siege the in be shall they when about, round people the all unto trembling of cup a Jerusalem make will I Behold,
him. within man of spirit the formeth and earth, the of foundation the layeth and heavens, the forth stretcheth which , Lord the saith Israel, for Lord the of word the of burden The
darkened. utterly be shall eye right his and up, dried clean be shall arm his eye: right his upon and arm, his upon be shall sword the flock! the leaveth that shepherd idol the to Woe
pieces. in claws their tear and fat, the of flesh the eat shall he but still: standeth that that feed nor broken, is that that heal nor one, young the seek shall neither off, cut be that those visit not shall which land, the in shepherd a up raise will I lo, For,
shepherd. foolish a of instruments the yet thee unto Take me, unto said Lord the And
Israel. and Judah between brotherhood the break might I that Bands, even staff, other mine asunder cut I Then
. Lord the of house the in potter the to them cast and silver, of pieces thirty the took I And them. of at prised was I that price goodly a potter: the unto it Cast me, unto said Lord the And
silver. of pieces thirty price my for weighed they So forbear. not, if and price; my me give good, think ye If them, unto said I And
. Lord the of word the was it that knew me upon waited that flock the of poor the so and day: that in broken was it And
people. the all with made had I which covenant my break might I that asunder, it cut and Beauty, even staff, my took I And
another. of flesh the one every eat rest the let and off; cut be it let off, cut be to is that that and die; it let dieth, that that you: feed not will I I, said Then
me. abhorred also soul their and them, lothed soul my and month; one in off cut I also shepherds Three
flock. the fed I and Bands; called I other the and Beauty, called I one the staves; two me unto took I And flock. the of poor O you, even slaughter, of flock the feed will I And
them. deliver not will I hand their of out and land, the smite shall they and king: his of hand the into and hand, neighbour's his into one every men the deliver will I lo, but, : Lord the saith land, the of inhabitants the pity more no will I For
not. them pity shepherds own their and rich: am I for ; Lord the be Blessed say, them sell that they and guilty: not themselves hold and them, slay possessors Whose
slaughter; the of flock the Feed God; my Lord the saith Thus
spoiled. is Jordan of pride the for lions; young of roaring the of voice a spoiled: is glory their for shepherds; the of howling the of voice a is There
down. come is vintage the of forest the for Bashan; of oaks ye O howl, spoiled: are mighty the because fallen; is cedar the for tree; fir Howl,
cedars. thy devour may fire the that Lebanon, O doors, thy Open
. Lord the saith name, his in down and up walk shall they and ; Lord the in them strengthen will I And
away. depart shall Egypt of sceptre the and down, brought be shall Assyria of pride the and up: dry shall river the of deeps the all and sea, the in waves the smite shall and affliction, with sea the through pass shall he And
them. for found be not shall place and Lebanon; and Gilead of land the into them bring will I and Assyria; of out them gather and Egypt, of land the of out also again them bring will I
again. turn and children, their with live shall they and countries; far in me remember shall they and people: the among them sow will I And
increased. have they as increase shall they and them: redeemed have I for them; gather and them, for hiss will I
. Lord the in rejoice shall heart their glad; be and it, see shall children their yea, wine: through as rejoice shall heart their and man, mighty a like be shall Ephraim of they And
them. hear will and God, their Lord the am I for off: them cast not had I though as be shall they and them: upon mercy have I for them; place to again them bring will I and Joseph, of house the save will I and Judah, of house the strengthen will I And
confounded. be shall horses on riders the and them, with is Lord the because fight, shall they and battle: the in streets the of mire the in enemies their down tread which men, mighty as be shall they And
together. oppressor every him of out bow, battle the him of out nail, the him of out corner, the forth came him of Out
battle. the in horse goodly his as them made hath and Judah, of house the flock his visited hath hosts of Lord the for goats: the punished I and shepherds, the against kindled was anger Mine
shepherd. no was there because troubled, were they flock, a as way their went they therefore vain: in comfort they dreams; false told have and lie, a seen have diviners the and vanity, spoken have idols the For
field. the in grass one every to rain, of showers them give and clouds, bright make shall Lord the so rain; latter the of time the in rain Lord the of ye Ask
maids. the wine new and cheerful, men young the make shall corn beauty! his is great how and goodness, his is great how For
land. his upon ensign an as up lifted crown, a of stones the as be shall they for people: his of flock the as day that in them save shall God their Lord the And
altar. the of corners the as and bowls, like filled be shall they and wine; through as noise a make and drink, shall they and stones; sling with subdue and devour, shall they and them; defend shall hosts of Lord The
south. the of whirlwinds with go shall and trumpet, the blow shall God Lord the and lightning: the as forth go shall arrow his and them, over seen be shall Lord the And
man. mighty a of sword the as thee made and Greece, O sons, thy against Zion, O sons, thy up raised and Ephraim, with bow the filled me, for Judah bent have I When
thee; unto double render will I that declare I do day to even hope: of prisoners ye hold, strong the to you Turn
water. no is wherein pit the of out prisoners thy forth sent have I covenant thy of blood the by also, thee for As
earth. the of ends the to even river the from and sea, to even sea from be shall dominion his and heathen: the unto peace speak shall he and off: cut be shall bow battle the and Jerusalem, from horse the and Ephraim, from chariot the off cut will I And
ass. an of foal the colt a upon and ass, an upon riding and lowly, salvation; having and just, is he thee: unto cometh King thy behold, Jerusalem: of daughter O shout, Zion; of daughter O greatly, Rejoice
eyes. mine with seen I have now for more: any them through pass shall oppressor no and returneth: that him of because and by, passeth that him of because army, the of because house mine about encamp will I And
Jebusite. a as Ekron and Judah, in governor a as be shall he and God, our for be shall he, even remaineth, that he but teeth: his between from abominations his and mouth, his of out blood his away take will I And
Philistines. the of pride the off cut will I and Ashdod, in dwell shall bastard a And
inhabited. be not shall Ashkelon and Gaza, from perish shall king the and ashamed; be shall expectation her for Ekron; and sorrowful, very be and it, see shall also Gaza fear; and it, see shall Ashkelon
fire. with devoured be shall she and sea; the in power her smite will he and out, her cast will Lord the Behold,
streets. the of mire the as gold fine and dust, the as silver up heaped and hold, strong a herself build did Tyrus And
wise. very be it though Zidon, and Tyrus, thereby; border shall also Hamath And
. Lord the toward be shall Israel, of tribes the all of as man, of eyes the when thereof: rest the be shall Damascus and Hadrach, of land the in Lord the of word the of burden The
you. with is God that heard have we for you: with go will We saying, Jew, a is that him of skirt the of hold take shall even nations, the of languages all of out hold take shall men ten that pass, to come shall it days those In hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the before pray to and Jerusalem, in hosts of Lord the seek to come shall nations strong and people many Yea,
also. go will I hosts: of Lord the seek to and , Lord the before pray to speedily go us Let saying, another, to go shall city one of inhabitants the And
cities: many of inhabitants the and people, come shall there that pass, to come yet shall It hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
peace. and truth the love therefore feasts; cheerful and gladness, and joy Judah of house the to be shall tenth, the of fast the and seventh, the of fast the and fifth, the of fast the and month, fourth the of fast The hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
saying, me, unto came hosts of Lord the of word the And
. Lord the saith hate, I that things are these all for oath: false no love and neighbour; his against hearts your in evil imagine you of none let And
gates: your in peace and truth of judgment the execute neighbour; his to truth the man every ye Speak do; shall ye that things the are These
not. ye fear Judah: of house the to and Jerusalem unto well do to days these in thought I have again So
not: repented I and hosts, of Lord the saith wrath, to me provoked fathers your when you, punish to thought I As hosts; of Lord the saith thus For
strong. be hands your let but not, fear blessing: a be shall ye and you, save I will so Israel; of house and Judah, of house O heathen, the among curse a were ye as that pass, to come shall it And
things. these all possess to people this of remnant the cause will I and dew; their give shall heavens the and increase, her give shall ground the and fruit, her give shall vine the prosperous; be shall seed the For
hosts. of Lord the saith days, former the in as people this of residue the unto be not will I now But
neighbour. his against one every men all set I for affliction: the of because in came or out went that him to peace any there was neither beast; for hire any nor man, for hire no was there days these before For
built. be might temple the that laid, was hosts of Lord the of house the of foundation the that day the in were which prophets, the of mouth the by words these days these in hear that ye strong, be hands your Let hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
righteousness. in and truth in God, their be will I and people, my be shall they and Jerusalem: of midst the in dwell shall they and them, bring will I And
country; west the from and country, east the from people my save will I Behold, hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
hosts. of Lord the saith eyes? mine in marvellous be also it should days, these in people this of remnant the of eyes the in marvellous be it If hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
thereof. streets the in playing girls and boys of full be shall city the of streets the And
age. very for hand his in staff his with man every and Jerusalem, of streets the in dwell women old and men old yet shall There hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
mountain. holy the hosts of Lord the of mountain the and truth; of city a called be shall Jerusalem and Jerusalem: of midst the in dwell will and Zion, unto returned am I ; Lord the saith Thus
fury. great with her for jealous was I and jealousy, great with Zion for jealous was I hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
saying, me, to came hosts of Lord the of word the Again
desolate. land pleasant the laid they for returned: nor through passed man no that them, after desolate was land the Thus not. knew they whom nations the all among whirlwind a with them scattered I But
hosts: of Lord the saith hear, not would I and cried, they so hear; not would they and cried, he as that pass, to come is it Therefore
hosts. of Lord the from wrath great a came therefore prophets: former the by spirit his in sent hath hosts of Lord the which words the and law, the hear should they lest stone, adamant an as hearts their made they Yea,
hear. not should they that ears, their stopped and shoulder, the away pulled and hearken, to refused they But
heart. your in brother his against evil imagine you of none let and poor; the nor stranger, the fatherless, the nor widow, the not oppress And
brother: his to man every compassions and mercy shew and judgment, true Execute saying, hosts, of Lord the speaketh Thus
saying, Zechariah, unto came Lord the of word the And
plain? the and south the inhabited men when her, about round thereof cities the and prosperity, in and inhabited was Jerusalem when prophets, former the by cried hath Lord the which words the hear not ye Should
yourselves? for drink and yourselves, for eat ye not did drink, did ye when and eat, did ye when And
me? to even me, unto fast all at ye did years, seventy those even month, seventh and fifth the in mourned and fasted ye When saying, priests, the to and land, the of people the all unto Speak
saying, me, unto hosts of Lord the of word the came Then
years? many so these done have I as myself, separating month, fifth the in weep I Should saying, prophets, the to and hosts, of Lord the of house the in were which priests the unto speak to And
, Lord the before pray to men, their and Regemmelech, and Sherezer God of house the unto sent had they When
Chisleu; in even month, ninth the of day fourth the in Zechariah unto came Lord the of word the that Darius, king of year fourth the in pass to came it And
God. your Lord the of voice the obey diligently will ye if pass, to come shall this And you. unto me sent hath hosts of Lord the that know shall ye and , Lord the of temple the in build and come shall off far are that they And
. Lord the of temple the in memorial a for Zephaniah, of son the Hen to and Jedaiah, to and Tobijah, to and Helem, to be shall crowns the And
both. them between be shall peace of counsel the and throne: his upon priest a be shall he and throne; his upon rule and sit shall and glory, the bear shall he and ; Lord the of temple the build shall he Even
: Lord the of temple the build shall he and place, his of out up grow shall he and ; Branch The is name whose man the Behold saying, hosts, of Lord the speaketh Thus saying, him, unto speak And
priest; high the Josedech, of son the Joshua of head the upon them set and crowns, make and gold, and silver take Then
Zephaniah; of son the Josiah of house the into go and day, same the thou come and Babylon, from come are which Jedaiah, of and Tobijah, of Heldai, of even captivity, the of them of Take
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the And
country. north the in spirit my quieted have country north the toward go that these Behold, saying, me, unto spake and me, upon he cried Then
earth. the through fro and to walked they So earth. the through fro and to walk hence, you Get said, he and earth: the through fro and to walk might they that go to sought and forth, went bay the And
country. south the toward forth go grisled the and them; after forth go white the and country; north the into forth go therein are which horses black The
earth. the all of Lord the before standing from forth go which heavens, the of spirits four the are These me, unto said and answered angel the And
lord? my these, are What me, with talked that angel the unto said and answered I Then
horses. bay and grisled chariot fourth the in and horses; white chariot third the in And
horses; black chariot second the in and horses; red were chariot first the In
brass. of mountains were mountains the and mountains; two between from out chariots four came there behold, and, looked, and eyes, mine up lifted and turned, I And
base. own her upon there set and established, be shall it and Shinar: of land the in house an it build To me, unto said he And
ephah? the bear these do Whither me, with talked that angel the to I said Then
heaven. the and earth the between ephah the up lifted they and stork: a of wings the like wings had they for wings; their in was wind the and women, two out came there behold, and, looked, and eyes, mine up I lifted Then
thereof. mouth the upon lead of weight the cast he and ephah; the of midst the into it cast he And wickedness. is This said, he And
ephah. the of midst the in sitteth that woman a is this and lead: of talent a up lifted was there behold, And,
earth. the all through resemblance their is This moreover, said He forth. goeth that ephah an is This said, he And it? is What said, I And
forth. goeth that this is what see and eyes, thine now up Lift me, unto said and forth, went me with talked that angel the Then
thereof. stones the and thereof timber the with it consume shall and house, his of midst the in remain shall it and name: my by falsely sweareth that him of house the into and thief, the of house the into enter shall it and hosts, of Lord the saith forth, it bring will I
it. to according side that on as off cut be shall sweareth that one every and it; to according side this on as off cut be shall stealeth that one every for earth: whole the of face the over forth goeth that curse the is This me, unto he said Then
cubits. ten thereof breadth the and cubits, twenty is thereof length the roll; flying a see I answered, I And thou? seest What me, unto said he And
roll. flying a behold and looked, and eyes, mine up lifted and turned, I Then
earth. whole the of Lord the by stand that ones, anointed two the are These he, said Then
lord. my No, said, I And be? these what not thou Knowest said, and me answered he And
themselves? of out oil golden the empty pipes golden two the through which branches olive two these be What him, unto said and again, answered I And
thereof? side left the upon and candlestick the of side right the upon trees olive two these are What him, unto said and I, answered Then
earth. whole the through fro and to run which , Lord the of eyes the are they seven; those with Zerubbabel of hand the in plummet the see shall and rejoice, shall they for things? small of day the despised hath who For
you. unto me sent hath hosts of Lord the that know shalt thou and it; finish also shall hands his house; this of foundation the laid have Zerubbabel of hands The
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Moreover
it. unto grace Grace, crying, shoutings, with thereof headstone the forth bring shall he and plain: a become shalt thou Zerubbabel before mountain? great O thou, art Who
hosts. of Lord the saith spirit, my by but power, by nor might, by Not saying, Zerubbabel, unto Lord the of word the is This saying, me, unto spake and answered he Then
lord. my No, said, I And be? these what not thou Knowest me, unto said and answered me with talked that angel the Then
lord? my these, are What saying, me, with talked that angel the to spake and answered I So
thereof. side left the upon other the and bowl, the of side right the upon one it, by trees olive two And
thereof: top the upon are which lamps, seven the to pipes seven and thereon, lamps seven his and it, of top the upon bowl a with gold, of all candlestick a behold and looked, have I said, I And thou? seest What me, unto said And
sleep. his of out wakened is that man a as me, waked and again, came me with talked that angel the And
tree. fig the under and vine the under neighbour his man every call ye shall hosts, of Lord the saith day, that In
day. one in land that of iniquity the remove will I and hosts, of Lord the saith thereof, graving the engrave will I behold, eyes: seven be shall stone one upon Joshua; before laid have I that stone the behold For
. Branch the servant my forth bring will I behold, for, at: wondered men are they for thee: before sit that fellows thy and thou, priest, high the Joshua O now, Hear
by. stand that these among walk to places thee give will I and courts, my keep also shalt and house, my judge also shalt thou then charge, my keep wilt thou if and ways, my in walk wilt thou If hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
saying, Joshua, unto protested Lord the of angel the And
by. stood Lord the of angel the And garments. with him clothed and head, his upon mitre fair a set they So head. his upon mitre fair a set them Let said, I And
raiment. of change with thee clothe will I and thee, from pass to iniquity thine caused have I Behold, said, he him unto And him. from garments filthy the away Take saying, him, before stood that those unto spake and answered he And
angel. the before stood and garments, filthy with clothed was Joshua Now
fire? the of out plucked brand a this not is thee: rebuke Jerusalem chosen hath that Lord the even Satan; O thee, rebuke Lord The Satan, unto said Lord the And
him. resist to hand right his at standing Satan and , Lord the of angel the before standing priest high the Joshua me shewed he And
habitation. holy his of out up raised is he for : Lord the before flesh, all O silent, Be
again. Jerusalem choose shall and land, holy the in portion his Judah inherit shall Lord the And
thee. unto me sent hath hosts of Lord the that know shalt thou and thee, of midst the in dwell will I and people: my be shall and day, that in Lord the to joined be shall nations many And
. Lord the saith thee, of midst the in dwell will I and come, I lo, for, Zion: of daughter O rejoice, and Sing
me. sent hath hosts of Lord the that know shall ye and servants: their to spoil a be shall they and them, upon hand mine shake will I behold, For,
eye. his of apple the toucheth you toucheth that he for you: spoiled which nations the unto me sent he hath glory the After hosts; of Lord the saith thus For
Babylon. of daughter the with dwellest that Zion, O thyself, Deliver
. Lord the saith heaven, the of winds four the as abroad you spread have I for : Lord the saith north, the of land the from flee and forth, come ho, Ho,
her. of midst the in glory the be will and about, round fire of wall a her unto be will , Lord the saith I, For
therein: cattle and men of multitude the for walls without towns as inhabited be shall Jerusalem saying, man, young this to speak Run, him, unto said And
him, meet to out went angel another and forth, went me with talked that angel the behold, And,
thereof. length the is what and thereof, breadth the is what see to Jerusalem, measure To me, unto said he And thou? goest Whither I, said Then
hand. his in line measuring a with man a behold and looked, and again, eyes mine up lifted I
it. scatter to Judah of land the over horn their up lifted which Gentiles, the of horns the out cast to them, fray to come are these but head: his up lift did man no that so Judah, scattered have which horns the are These saying, spake, he And do? to these come What I, said Then
carpenters. four me shewed Lord the And
Jerusalem. and Israel, Judah, scattered have which horns the are These me, answered he And these? be What me, with talked that angel the unto said I And
horns. four behold and saw, and eyes, mine up I lifted Then
Jerusalem. choose yet shall and Zion, comfort yet shall Lord the and abroad; spread be yet shall prosperity through cities My hosts; of Lord the saith Thus saying, yet, Cry
Jerusalem. upon forth stretched be shall line a and hosts, of Lord the saith it, in built be shall house my mercies: with Jerusalem to returned am I ; Lord the saith thus Therefore
affliction. the forward helped they and displeased, little a but was I for ease: at are that heathen the with displeased sore very am I And
jealousy. great a with Zion for and Jerusalem for jealous am I hosts; of Lord the saith Thus saying, thou, Cry me, unto said me with communed that angel the So
words. comfortable and words good with me with talked that angel the answered Lord the And
years? ten and threescore these indignation had hast thou which against Judah, of cities the on and Jerusalem on mercy have not thou wilt long how hosts, of Lord O said, and answered Lord the of angel the Then
rest. at is and still, sitteth earth the all behold, and, earth, the through fro and to walked have We said, and trees, myrtle the among stood that Lord the of angel the answered they And
earth. the through fro and to walk to sent hath Lord the whom they are These said, and answered trees myrtle the among stood that man the And
be. these what thee shew will I me, unto said me with talked that angel the And these? are what lord, my O I, said Then
white. and speckled, horses, red there were him behind and bottom; the in were that trees myrtle the among stood he and horse, red a upon riding man a behold and night, by saw I
saying, prophet, the Iddo of son the Berechiah, of son the Zechariah, unto Lord the of word the came Darius, of year second the in Sebat, month the is which month, eleventh the of day twentieth and four the Upon
us. with dealt he hath so doings, our to according and ways, our to according us, unto do to thought hosts of Lord the as Like said, and returned they and fathers? your of hold take not they did prophets, the servants my commanded I which statutes, my and words my But
ever? for live they do prophets, the and they? are where fathers, Your
. Lord the saith me, unto hearken nor hear, not did they but doings: evil your from and ways, evil your from now ye Turn hosts; of Lord the saith Thus saying, cried, have prophets former the whom unto fathers, your as not ye Be
hosts. of Lord the saith you, unto turn will I and hosts, of Lord the saith me, unto ye Turn hosts; of Lord the saith Thus them, unto thou say Therefore
fathers. your with displeased sore been hath Lord The
saying, prophet, the Iddo of son the Berechiah, of son the Zechariah, unto Lord the of word the came Darius, of year second the in month, eighth the In
Zechariah
hosts. of Lord the saith thee, chosen have I for signet: a as thee make will and , Lord the saith Shealtiel, of son the servant, my Zerubbabel, O thee, take I will hosts, of Lord the saith day, that In
brother. his of sword the by one every down, come shall riders their and horses the and them; in ride that those and chariots, the overthrow will I and heathen; the of kingdoms the of strength the destroy will I and kingdoms, of throne the overthrow will I And
earth; the and heavens the shake will I saying, Judah, of governor Zerubbabel, to Speak
saying, month, the of day twentieth and four the in Haggai unto came Lord the of word the again And
you. bless I will day this from forth: brought not hath tree, olive the and pomegranate, the and tree, fig the and vine, the yet as yea, barn? the in yet seed the Is
it. consider laid, was temple 's Lord the of foundation the that day the from even month, ninth the of day twentieth and four the from upward, and day this from now Consider
. Lord the saith me, to not turned ye yet hands; your of labours the all in hail with and mildew with and blasting with you smote I
twenty. but were there press, the of out vessels fifty out draw to for pressfat the to came one when ten: but were there measures, twenty of heap an to came one when were, days those Since
: Lord the of temple the in stone a upon laid was stone a before from upward, and day this from consider you, pray I now, And
unclean. is there offer they which that and hands; their of work every is so and ; Lord the saith me, before nation this is so and people, this is So said, and Haggai, answered Then
unclean. be shall It said, and answered priests the And unclean? be it shall these, of any touch body dead a by unclean is that one If Haggai, said Then
No. said, and answered priests the And holy? be it shall meat, any or oil, or wine, or pottage, or bread, touch do skirt his with and garment, his of skirt the in flesh holy bear one If
saying, law, the concerning priests the now Ask hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
saying, prophet, the Haggai by Lord the of word the came Darius, of year second the in month, ninth the of day twentieth and four the In
hosts. of Lord the saith peace, give I will place this in and hosts: of Lord the saith former, the of than greater be shall house latter this of glory The
hosts. of Lord the saith mine, is gold the and mine, is silver The
hosts. of Lord the saith glory, with house this fill will I and come: shall nations all of desire the and nations, all shake will I And
land; dry the and sea, the and earth, the and heavens, the shake will I and while, little a is it once, Yet hosts; of Lord the saith thus For
not. ye fear you: among remaineth spirit my so Egypt, of out came ye when you with covenanted I that word the to According
hosts: of Lord the saith you, with am I for work: and , Lord the saith land, the of people ye all strong, be and priest; high the Josedech, of son Joshua, O strong, be and ; Lord the saith Zerubbabel, O strong, be now Yet
nothing? as it of comparison in eyes your in not it is now? it see ye do how and glory? first her in house this saw that you among left is Who
saying, people, the of residue the to and priest, high the Josedech, of son the Joshua to and Judah, of governor Shealtiel, of son the Zerubbabel to now Speak
saying, Haggai, prophet the by Lord the of word the came month, the of day twentieth and one the in month, seventh the In
king. the Darius of year second the in month, sixth the of day twentieth and four the In
God, their hosts, of Lord the of house the in work did and came they and people; the of remnant the all of spirit the and priest, high the Josedech, of son the Joshua of spirit the and Judah, of governor Shealtiel, of son the Zerubbabel of spirit the up stirred Lord the And
. Lord the saith you, with am I saying, people, the unto message 's Lord the in messenger 's Lord the Haggai spake Then
. Lord the before fear did people the and him, sent had God their Lord the as prophet, the Haggai of words the and God, their Lord the of voice the obeyed people, the of remnant the all with priest, high the Josedech, of son the Joshua and Shealtiel, of son the Zerubbabel Then
hands. the of labour the all upon and cattle, upon and men, upon and forth, bringeth ground the which that upon and oil, the upon and wine, new the upon and corn, the upon and mountains, the upon and land, the upon drought a for called I And
fruit. her from stayed is earth the and dew, from stayed is you over heaven the Therefore
house. own his unto man every run ye and waste, is that house mine of Because hosts. of Lord the saith Why? it. upon blow did I home, it brought ye when and little; to came it lo and, much, for looked Ye
. Lord the saith glorified, be will I and it, in pleasure take will I and house; the build and wood, bring and mountain, the to up Go
ways. your Consider hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
holes. with bag a into it put to wages earneth wages earneth that he and warm; none is there but you, clothe ye drink; with filled not are ye but drink, ye enough; not have ye but eat, ye little; in bring and much, sown have Ye
ways. your Consider hosts; of Lord the saith thus therefore Now
waste? lie house this and houses, cieled your in dwell to ye, O you, for time it Is
saying, prophet, the Haggai by Lord the of word the came Then
built. be should house 's Lord the that time the come, not is time The say, people This saying, hosts, of Lord the speaketh Thus
saying, priest, high the Josedech, of son the Joshua to and Judah, of governor Shealtiel, of son the Zerubbabel unto prophet the Haggai by Lord the of word the came month, the of day first the in month, sixth the in king, the Darius of year second the In
Haggai
. Lord the saith eyes, your before captivity your back turn I when earth, the of people all among praise a and name a you make will I for you: gather I that time the in even again, you bring I will time that At
shame. to put been have they where land every in fame and praise them get will I and out; driven was that her gather and halteth, that her save will I and thee: afflict that all undo will I time that at Behold,
burden. a was it of reproach the whom to thee, of are who assembly, solemn the for sorrowful are that them gather will I
singing. with thee over joy will he love, his in rest will he joy; with thee over rejoice will he save, will he mighty; is thee of midst the in God thy Lord The
slack. be hands thine not Let Zion, to and not: thou Fear Jerusalem, to said be shall it day that In
more. any evil see not shalt thou thee: of midst the in is , Lord the even Israel, of king the enemy: thine out cast hath he judgments, thy away taken hath Lord The
Jerusalem. of daughter O heart, the all with rejoice and glad be Israel; O shout, Zion; of daughter O Sing,
afraid. them make shall none and down, lie and feed shall they for mouth: their in found be tongue deceitful a shall neither lies; speak nor iniquity, do not shall Israel of remnant The
. Lord the of name the in trust shall they and people, poor and afflicted an thee of midst the in leave also will I
mountain. holy my of because haughty be more no shalt thou and pride, thy in rejoice that them thee of midst the of out away take will I then for me: against transgressed hast thou wherein doings, thy all for ashamed be not thou shalt day that In
offering. mine bring shall dispersed, my of daughter the even suppliants, my Ethiopia of rivers the beyond From
consent. one with him serve to , Lord the of name the upon call all may they that language, pure a people the to turn I will then For
jealousy. my of fire the with devoured be shall earth the all for anger: fierce my all even indignation, mine them upon pour to kingdoms, the assemble may I that nations, the gather to is determination my for prey: the to up rise I that day the until , Lord the saith me, upon ye wait Therefore
doings. their all corrupted and early, rose they but them: punished I howsoever off, cut be not should dwelling their so instruction; receive wilt thou me, fear wilt thou Surely said, I
inhabitant. none is there that man, no is there that so destroyed, are cities their by: passeth none that waste, streets their made I desolate; are towers their nations: the off cut have I
shame. no knoweth unjust the but not; faileth he light, to judgment his bring he doth morning every iniquity: do not will he thereof; midst the in is Lord just The
law. the to violence done have they sanctuary, the polluted have priests her persons: treacherous and light are prophets Her
morrow. the till bones the not gnaw they wolves; evening are judges her lions; roaring are her within princes Her
God. her to near not drew she ; Lord the in not trusted she correction; not received she voice; the not obeyed She
city! oppressing the to polluted, and filthy is that her to Woe
hand. his wag and hiss, shall her by passeth that one every in! down lie to beasts for place a desolation, a become she is how me: beside none is there and am, I heart, her in said that carelessly, dwelt that city rejoicing the is This
work. cedar the uncover shall he for thresholds; the in be shall desolation windows; the in sing shall voice their it; of lintels upper the in lodge shall bittern the and cormorant the both nations: the of beasts the all her, of midst the in down lie shall flocks And
wilderness. a like dry and desolation, a Nineveh make will and Assyria; destroy and north, the against hand his out stretch will he And
sword. my by slain be shall ye also, Ethiopians Ye
heathen. the of isles the all even place, his from one every him, worship shall men and earth; the of gods the all famish will he for them: unto terrible be will Lord The
hosts. of Lord the of people the against themselves magnified and reproached have they because pride, their for have they shall This
them. possess shall people my of remnant the and them, spoil shall people my of residue the desolation: perpetual a and saltpits, and nettles, of breeding the even Gomorrah, as Ammon of children the and Sodom, as be shall Moab Surely Israel, of God the hosts, of Lord the saith live, I as Therefore
border. their against themselves magnified and people, my reproached have they whereby Ammon, of children the of revilings the and Moab, of reproach the heard have I
captivity. their away turn and them, visit shall God their Lord the for evening: the in down lie they shall Ashkelon of houses the in thereupon: feed shall they Judah; of house the of remnant the for be shall coast the And
flocks. for folds and shepherds, for cottages and dwellings be shall coast sea the And
inhabitant. no be shall there that thee, destroy even will I Philistines, the of land the Canaan, O you; against is Lord the of word the Cherethites! the of nation the coast, sea the of inhabitants the unto Woe
up. rooted be shall Ekron and day, noon the at Ashdod out drive shall they desolation: a Ashkelon and forsaken, be shall Gaza For
anger. 's Lord the of day the in hid be shall ye be may it meekness: seek righteousness, seek judgment; his wrought have which earth, the of meek ye all , Lord the ye Seek
you. upon come anger 's Lord the of day the before you, upon come Lord the of anger fierce the before chaff, the as pass day the before forth, bring decree the Before
desired; not nation O together, gather yea, together, yourselves Gather
land. the in dwell that them all of riddance speedy a even make shall he for jealousy: his of fire the by devoured be shall land whole the but wrath; 's Lord the of day the in them deliver to able be shall gold their nor silver their Neither
dung. the as flesh their and dust, as out poured be shall blood their and : Lord the against sinned have they because men, blind like walk shall they that men, upon distress bring will I And
towers. high the against and cities, fenced the against alarm and trumpet the of day A
darkness, thick and clouds of day a gloominess, and darkness of day a desolation, and wasteness of day a distress, and trouble of day a wrath, of day a is day That
bitterly. there cry shall man mighty the : Lord the of day the of voice the even greatly, hasteth and near, is it near, is Lord the of day great The
thereof. wine the drink not but vineyards, plant shall they and them; inhabit not but houses, build also shall they desolation: a houses their and booty, a become shall goods their Therefore
evil. do he will neither good, do not will Lord The heart, their in say that lees: their on settled are that men the punish and candles, with Jerusalem search will I that time, that at pass to come shall it And
off. cut are silver bear that they all down; cut are people merchant the all for Maktesh, of inhabitants ye Howl,
hills. the from crashing great a and second, the from howling an and gate, fish the from cry a of noise the be shall there that , Lord the saith day, that in pass to come shall it And
deceit. and violence with houses masters' their fill which threshold, the on leap that those all punish I will also day same the In
apparel. strange with clothed are as such all and children, king's the and princes, the punish will I that sacrifice, 's Lord the of day the in pass to come shall it And
guests. his bid hath he sacrifice, a prepared hath Lord the for hand: at is Lord the of day the for : God Lord the of presence the at peace thy Hold
him. for enquired nor , Lord the sought not have that those and ; Lord the from back turned are that them And
Malcham; by swear that and , Lord the by swear that and worship that them and housetops; the upon heaven of host the worship that them And
priests; the with Chemarims the of name the and place, this from Baal of remnant the off cut will I and Jerusalem; of inhabitants the all upon and Judah, upon hand mine out stretch also will I
. Lord the saith land, the off from man off cut will I and wicked: the with blocks stumbling the and sea, the of fishes the and heaven, the of fowls the consume will I beast; and man consume will I
. Lord the saith land, the off from things all consume utterly will I
Judah. of king Amon, of son the Josiah of days the in Hizkiah, of son the Amariah, of son the Gedaliah, of son the Cushi, of son the Zephaniah unto came which Lord the of word The
Zephaniah
instruments. stringed my on singer chief the To places. high mine upon walk to me make will he and feet, hinds' like feet my make will he and strength, my is God Lord The
salvation. my of God the in joy will I , Lord the in rejoice will I Yet
stalls: the in herd no be shall there and fold, the from off cut be shall flock the meat; no yield shall fields the and fail, shall olive the of labour the vines; the in be fruit shall neither blossom, not shall tree fig the Although
troops. his with them invade will he people, the unto up cometh he when trouble: of day the in rest might I that myself, in trembled I and bones, my into entered rottenness voice: the at quivered lips my trembled; belly my heard, I When
waters. great of heap the through horses, thine with sea the through walk didst Thou
secretly. poor the devour to as was rejoicing their me: scatter to whirlwind a as out came they villages: his of head the staves his with through strike didst Thou
Selah. neck. the unto foundation the discovering by wicked, the of house the of out head the woundedst thou anointed; thine with salvation for even people, thy of salvation the for forth wentest Thou
anger. in heathen the thresh didst thou indignation, in land the through march didst Thou
spear. glittering thy of shining the at and went, they arrows thine of light the at habitation: their in still stood moon and sun The
high. on hands his up lifted and voice, his uttered deep the by: passed water the of overflowing the trembled: they and thee, saw mountains The
rivers. with earth the cleave didst Thou Selah. word. thy even tribes, the of oaths the to according naked, quite made was bow Thy
salvation? of chariots thy and horses thine upon ride didst thou that sea, the against wrath thy was rivers? the against anger thine was rivers? the against displeased Lord the Was
tremble. did Midian of land the of curtains the and affliction: in Cushan of tents the saw I
everlasting. are ways his bow: did hills perpetual the scattered, were mountains everlasting the and nations; the asunder drove and beheld, he earth: the measured and stood, He
feet. his at forth went coals burning and pestilence, the went him Before
power. his of hiding the was there and hand: his of out coming horns had he light; the as was brightness his And
praise. his of full was earth the and heavens, the covered glory His Selah. Paran. mount from One Holy the and Teman, from came God
mercy. remember wrath in known; make years the of midst the in years, the of midst the in work thy revive , Lord O afraid: was and speech, thy heard have I , Lord O
Shigionoth. upon prophet the Habakkuk of prayer A
him. before silence keep earth the all let temple: holy his in is Lord the But
it. of midst the in all at breath no is there and silver, and gold with over laid is it Behold, teach! shall it Arise, stone, dumb the to Awake; wood, the to saith that him unto Woe
idols? dumb make to therein, trusteth work his of maker the that lies, of teacher a and image, molten the it; graven hath thereof maker the that image graven the profiteth What
therein. dwell that all of and city, the of land, the of violence the for and blood, men's of because afraid, them made which beasts, of spoil the and thee, cover shall Lebanon of violence the For
glory. thy on be shall spewing shameful and thee, unto turned be shall hand right 's Lord the of cup the uncovered: be foreskin thy let and also, thou drink glory: for shame with filled art Thou
nakedness! their on look mayest thou that also, drunken him makest and him, to bottle thy puttest that drink, neighbour his giveth that him unto Woe
sea. the cover waters the as , Lord the of glory the of knowledge the with filled be shall earth the For
vanity? very for themselves weary shall people the and fire, very the in labour shall people the that hosts of Lord the of not it is Behold,
iniquity! by city a stablisheth and blood, with town a buildeth that him to Woe
it. answer shall timber the of out beam the and wall, the of out cry shall stone the For
soul. thy against sinned hast and people, many off cutting by house thy to shame consulted hast Thou
evil! of power the from delivered be may he that high, on nest his set may he that house, his to covetousness evil an coveteth that him to Woe
therein. dwell that all of and city, the of land, the of violence the for and blood, men's of because thee; spoil shall people the of remnant the all nations, many spoiled hast thou Because
them? unto booties for be shalt thou and thee, vex shall that awake and thee, bite shall that suddenly up rise not they Shall
clay! thick with himself ladeth that him to and long? how his! not is which that increaseth that him to Woe say, and him, against proverb taunting a and him, against parable a up take these all not Shall
people: all him unto heapeth and nations, all him unto gathereth but satisfied, be cannot and death, as is and hell, as desire his enlargeth who home, at keepeth neither man, proud a is he wine, by transgresseth he because also, Yea
faith. his by live shall just the but him: in upright not is up lifted is which soul his Behold,
tarry. not will it come, surely will it because it; for wait tarry, it though lie: not and speak, shall it end the at but time, appointed an for yet is vision the For
it. readeth that run may he that tables, upon plain it make and vision, the Write said, and me, answered Lord the And
reproved. am I when answer shall I what and me, unto say will he what see to watch will and tower, the upon me set and watch, my upon stand will I
nations? the slay to continually spare not and net, their empty therefore they Shall
plenteous. meat their and fat, is portion their them by because drag; their unto incense burn and net, their unto sacrifice they Therefore
glad. are and rejoice they therefore drag: their in them gather and net, their in them catch they angle, the with them of all up take They
them? over ruler no have that things, creeping the as sea, the of fishes the as men makest And
he? than righteous more is that man the devoureth wicked the when tongue thy holdest and treacherously, deal that them upon thou lookest wherefore iniquity: on look not canst and evil, behold to than eyes purer of art Thou
correction. for them established hast thou God, mighty O and, judgment; for them ordained hast thou , Lord O die. not shall we One? Holy mine God, my Lord O everlasting, from not thou Art
god. his unto power his this imputing offend, and over, pass shall he and change, mind his shall Then
it. take and dust, heap shall they for hold; strong every deride shall they them: unto scorn a be shall princes the and kings, the at scoff shall they And
sand. the as captivity the gather shall they and wind, east the as up sup shall faces their violence: for all come shall They
eat. to hasteth that eagle the as fly shall they far; from come shall horsemen their and themselves, spread shall horsemen their and wolves: evening the than fierce more are and leopards, the than swifter are also horses Their
themselves. of proceed shall dignity their and judgment their dreadful: and terrible are They
their's. not are that dwellingplaces the possess to land, the of breadth the through march shall which nation, hasty and bitter that Chaldeans, the up raise I lo, For,
you. told be it though believe, not will ye which days your in work a work will I for marvelously: wonder and regard, and heathen, the among ye Behold
proceedeth. judgment wrong therefore righteous; the about compass doth wicked the for forth: go never doth judgment and slacked, is law the Therefore
contention. and strife up raise that are there and me: before are violence and spoiling for grievance? behold to me cause and iniquity, me shew thou dost Why
save! not wilt thou and violence, of thee unto out cry even hear! not wilt thou and cry, I shall long how , Lord O
see. did prophet the Habakkuk which burden The
Habakkuk
continually? passed wickedness thy not hath whom upon for thee: over hands the clap shall thee of bruit the hear that all grievous: is wound thy bruise; thy of healing no is There
them. gathereth man no and mountains, the upon scattered is people thy dust: the in dwell shall nobles thy Assyria: of king O slumber, shepherds Thy
are. they where known not is place their and away, flee they ariseth sun the when but day, cold the in hedges the in camp which grasshoppers, great the as captains thy and locusts, the as are crowned Thy
away. fleeth and spoileth, cankerworm the heaven: of stars the above merchants thy multiplied hast Thou
locusts. the as many thyself make cankerworm, the as many thyself make cankerworm: the like up thee eat shall it off, thee cut shall sword the thee; devour fire the shall There
brickkiln. the strong make morter, the tread and clay, into go holds: strong thy fortify siege, the for waters thee Draw
bars. thy devour shall fire the enemies: thine unto open wide set be shall land thy of gates the women: are thee of midst the in people thy Behold,
eater. the of mouth the into fall even shall they shaken, be they if figs: firstripe the with trees fig like be shall holds strong thy All
enemy. the of because strength seek shalt also thou hid, be shalt thou drunken: be shalt also Thou
chains. in bound were men great her all and men, honourable her for lots cast they and streets: the all of top the at pieces in dashed were also children young her captivity: into went she away, carried she was Yet
helpers. thy were Lubim and Put infinite; was it and strength, her were Egypt and Ethiopia
sea? the from was wall her and sea, the was rampart whose it, about round waters the had that rivers, the among situate was that No, populous than better thou Art
thee? for comforters seek I shall whence her? bemoan will who waste: laid is Nineveh say, and thee, from flee shall thee upon look that they all that pass, to come shall it And
gazingstock. a as thee set will and vile, thee make and thee, upon filth abominable cast will I And
shame. thy kingdoms the and nakedness, thy nations the shew will I and face, thy upon skirts thy discover will I and hosts; of Lord the saith thee, against am I Behold,
witchcrafts. her through families and whoredoms, her through nations selleth that witchcrafts, of mistress the harlot, wellfavoured the of whoredoms the of multitude the of Because
corpses: their upon stumble they corpses; their of end none is there and carcases; of number great a and slain, of multitude a is there and spear: glittering the and sword bright the both up lifteth horseman The
chariots. jumping the of and horses, pransing the of and wheels, the of rattling the of noise the and whip, a of noise The
not; departeth prey the robbery; and lies of full all is it city! bloody the to Woe
heard. be more no shall messengers thy of voice the and earth, the from prey thy off cut will I and lions: young thy devour shall sword the and smoke, the in chariots her burn will I and hosts, of Lord the saith thee, against am I Behold,
ravin. with dens his and prey, with holes his filled and lionesses, his for strangled and whelps, his for enough pieces in tear did lion The
afraid? them made none and whelp, lion's the and walked, lion, old the even lion, the where lions, young the of feedingplace the and lions, the of dwelling the is Where
blackness. gather all them of faces the and loins, all in is pain much and together, smite knees the and melteth, heart the and waste: and void, and empty, is She
furniture. pleasant the all of out glory and store the of end none is there for gold: of spoil the take silver, of spoil the ye Take
back. look shall none but cry; they shall stand, Stand, away. flee shall they yet water: of pool a like old of is Nineveh But
breasts. their upon tabering doves, of voice the with as her lead shall maids her and up, brought be shall she captive, away led be shall Huzzab And
dissolved. be shall palace the and opened, be shall rivers the of gates The
prepared. be shall defence the and thereof, wall the to haste make shall they walk; their in stumble shall they worthies: his recount shall He
lightnings. the like run shall they torches, like seem shall they ways: broad the in another against one justle shall they streets, the in rage shall chariots The
shaken. terribly be shall trees fir the and preparation, his of day the in torches flaming with be shall chariots the scarlet: in are men valiant the red, made is men mighty his of shield The
branches. vine their marred and out, them emptied have emptiers the for Israel: of excellency the as Jacob, of excellency the away turned hath Lord the For
mightily. power thy fortify strong, loins thy make way, the watch munition, the keep face: thy before up come is pieces in dasheth that He
off. cut utterly is he thee; through pass more no shall wicked the for vows: thy perform feasts, solemn thy keep Judah, O peace! publisheth that tidings, good bringeth that him of feet the mountains the upon Behold
vile. art thou for grave; thy make will I image: molten the and image graven the off cut I will gods thy of house the of out sown: be name thy of more no that thee, concerning commandment a given hath Lord the And
sunder. in bonds thy burst will and thee, off from yoke his break I will now For
more. no thee afflict will I thee, afflicted have I Though through. pass shall he when down, cut be they shall thus yet many, likewise and quiet, be they Though ; Lord the saith Thus
counsellor. wicked a , Lord the against evil imagineth that thee, of out come one is There
dry. fully stubble as devoured be shall they drunkards, as drunken are they while and thorns, as together folden be they while For
time. second the up rise not shall affliction end: utter an make will he ? Lord the against imagine ye do What
enemies. his pursue shall darkness and thereof, place the of end utter an make will he flood overrunning an with But
him. in trust that them knoweth he and trouble; of day the in hold strong a good, is Lord The
him. by down thrown are rocks the and fire, like out poured is fury his anger? his of fierceness the in abide can who and indignation? his before stand can Who
therein. dwell that all and world, the yea, presence, his at burned is earth the and melt, hills the and him, at quake mountains The
languisheth. Lebanon of flower the and Carmel, and languisheth, Bashan rivers: the all up drieth and dry, it maketh and sea, the rebuketh He
feet. his of dust the are clouds the and storm, the in and whirlwind the in way his hath Lord the wicked: the acquit all at not will and power, in great and anger, to slow is Lord The
enemies. his for wrath reserveth he and adversaries, his on vengeance take will Lord the furious; is and revengeth, Lord the revengeth; Lord the and jealous, is God
Elkoshite. the Nahum of vision the of book The Nineveh. of burden The
Nahum
old. of days the from fathers our unto sworn hast thou which Abraham, to mercy the and Jacob, to truth the perform wilt Thou
sea. the of depths the into sins their all cast wilt thou and iniquities; our subdue will he us; upon compassion have will he again, turn will He
mercy. in delighteth he because ever, for anger his not retaineth he heritage? his of remnant the of transgression the by passeth and iniquity, pardoneth that thee, unto like God a is Who
thee. of because fear shall and God, our Lord the of afraid be shall they earth: the of worms like holes their of out move shall they serpent, a like dust the lick shall They
deaf. be shall ears their mouth, their upon hand their lay shall they might: their all at confounded be and see shall nations The
things. marvellous him unto shew I will Egypt of land the of out coming thy of days the to According
old. of days the in as Gilead, and Bashan in feed them let Carmel: of midst the in wood, the in solitarily dwell which heritage, thine of flock the rod, thy with people thy Feed
doings. their of fruit the for therein, dwell that them of because desolate be shall land the Notwithstanding
mountain. to mountain from and sea, to sea from and river, the to even fortress the from and cities, fortified the from and Assyria, from thee to even come shall he also day that In
removed. far be decree the shall day that in built, be to are walls thy that day the In
streets. the of mire the as down trodden be she shall now her: behold shall eyes mine God? thy Lord the is Where me, unto said which her cover shall shame and it, see shall enemy mine is that she Then
righteousness. his behold shall I and light, the to forth me bring will he me: for judgment execute and cause, my plead he until him, against sinned have I because , Lord the of indignation the bear will I
me. unto light a be shall Lord the darkness, in sit I when arise; shall I fall, I when enemy: mine O me, against not Rejoice
me. hear will God my salvation: my of God the for wait will I ; Lord the unto look will I Therefore
house. own his of men the are enemies man's a law; in mother her against law in daughter the mother, her against up riseth daughter the father, the dishonoureth son the For
bosom. thy in lieth that her from mouth thy of doors the keep guide: a in confidence not ye put friend, a in not ye Trust
perplexity. their be shall now cometh; visitation thy and watchmen thy of day the hedge: thorn a than sharper is upright most the brier: a as is them of best The
up. it wrap they so desire: mischievous his uttereth he man, great the and reward; a for asketh judge the and asketh, prince the earnestly, hands both with evil do may they That
net. a with brother his man every hunt they blood; for wait in lie all they men: among upright none is there and earth: the of out perished is man good The
fruit. firstripe the desired soul my eat: to cluster no is there vintage: the of grapegleanings the as fruits, summer the gathered have they when as am I for me! is Woe
people. my of reproach the bear shall ye therefore hissing: an thereof inhabitants the and desolation, a thee make should I that counsels; their in walk ye and Ahab, of house the of works the all and kept, are Omri of statutes the For
wine. drink not shalt but wine, sweet and oil; with thee anoint not shalt thou but olives, the tread shalt thou reap; not shalt thou but sow, shalt Thou
sword. the to up give I will deliverest thou which that and deliver; not shalt but hold, take shalt thou and thee; of midst the in be shall down casting thy and satisfied; be not but eat, shalt Thou
sins. thy of because desolate thee making in thee, smiting in sick thee make I will also Therefore
mouth. their in deceitful is tongue their and lies, spoken have thereof inhabitants the and violence, of full are thereof men rich the For
weights? deceitful of bag the with and balances, wicked the with pure them count I Shall
abominable? is that measure scant the and wicked, the of house the in wickedness of treasures the yet there Are
it. appointed hath who and rod, the ye hear name: thy see shall wisdom of man the and city, the unto crieth voice 's Lord The
God? thy with humbly walk to and mercy, love to and justly, do to but thee, of require Lord the doth what and good; is what man, O thee, shewed hath He
soul? my of sin the for body my of fruit the transgression, my for firstborn my give I shall oil? of rivers of thousands ten with or rams, of thousands with pleased be Lord the Will
old? year a of calves with offerings, burnt with him before come I shall God? high the before myself bow and , Lord the before come I shall Wherewith
. Lord the of righteousness the know may ye that Gilgal; unto Shittim from him answered Beor of son the Balaam what and consulted, Moab of king Balak what now remember people, my O
Miriam. and Aaron, Moses, thee before sent I and servants; of house the of out thee redeemed and Egypt, of land the of out up thee brought I For
me. against testify thee? wearied I have wherein and thee? unto done I have what people, my O
Israel. with plead will he and people, his with controversy a hath Lord the for earth: the of foundations strong ye and controversy, 's Lord the mountains, O ye, Hear
voice. thy hear hills the let and mountains, the before thou contend Arise, saith; Lord the what now ye Hear
heard. not have they as such heathen, the upon fury and anger in vengeance execute will I And
cities. thy destroy I will so thee: of midst the of out groves thy up pluck will I And
hands. thine of work the worship more no shalt thou and thee; of midst the of out images standing thy and off, cut I will also images graven Thy
soothsayers: more no have shalt thou and hand; thine of out witchcrafts off cut will I And
holds: strong thy all down throw and land, thy of cities the off cut will I And
chariots: thy destroy will I and thee, of midst the of out horses thy off cut will I that , Lord the saith day, that in pass to come shall it And
off. cut be shall enemies thine all and adversaries, thine upon up lifted be shall hand Thine
deliver. can none and pieces, in teareth and down, treadeth both through, go he if who, sheep: of flocks the among lion young a as forest, the of beasts the among lion a as people many of midst the in Gentiles the among be shall Jacob of remnant the And
men. of sons the for waiteth nor man, for not tarrieth that grass, the upon showers the as , Lord the from dew a as people many of midst the in be shall Jacob of remnant the And
borders. our within treadeth he when and land, our into cometh he when Assyrian, the from us deliver he shall thus thereof: entrances the in Nimrod of land the and sword, the with Assyria of land the waste shall they And
men. principal eight and shepherds, seven him against raise we shall then palaces, our in tread shall he when and land: our into come shall Assyrian the when peace, the be shall man this And
earth. the of ends the unto great be he shall now for abide: shall they and God; his Lord the of name the of majesty the in , Lord the of strength the in feed and stand shall he And
Israel. of children the unto return shall brethren his of remnant the then forth: brought hath travaileth which she that time the until up, them give he will Therefore
everlasting. from old, of from been have forth goings whose Israel; in ruler be to is that me unto forth come he shall thee of out yet Judah, of thousands the among little be thou though Ephratah, Bethlehem thou, But
cheek. the upon rod a with Israel of judge the smite shall they us: against siege laid hath he troops: of daughter O troops, in thyself gather Now
earth. whole the of Lord the unto substance their and , Lord the unto gain their consecrate will I and people: many pieces in beat shalt thou and brass: hoofs thy make will I and iron, horn thine make will I for Zion: of daughter O thresh, and Arise
floor. the into sheaves the as them gather shall he for counsel: his they understand neither , Lord the of thoughts the not know they But
Zion. upon look eye our let and defiled, be her Let say, that thee, against gathered are nations many also Now
enemies. thine of hand the from thee redeem shall Lord the there delivered; be thou shalt there Babylon; to even go shalt thou and field, the in dwell shalt thou and city, the of out forth go thou shalt now for travail: in woman a like Zion, of daughter O forth, bring to labour and pain, in Be
travail. in woman a as thee taken have pangs for perished? counsellor thy is thee? in king no there is aloud? out cry thou dost why Now
Jerusalem. of daughter the to come shall kingdom the dominion; first the even come, it shall thee unto Zion, of daughter the of hold strong the flock, the of tower O thou, And
ever. for even henceforth, from Zion mount in them over reign shall Lord the and nation: strong a off far cast was that her and remnant, a halted that her make will I And
afflicted; have I that her and out, driven is that her gather will I and halteth, that her assemble I will , Lord the saith day, that In
ever. and ever for God our Lord the of name the in walk will we and god, his of name the in one every walk will people all For
it. spoken hath hosts of Lord the of mouth the for afraid: them make shall none and tree; fig his under and vine his under man every sit shall they But
more. any war learn they shall neither nation, against sword a up lift not shall nation pruninghooks: into spears their and plowshares, into swords their beat shall they and off; afar nations strong rebuke and people, many among judge shall he And
Jerusalem. from Lord the of word the and Zion, of forth go shall law the for paths: his in walk will we and ways, his of us teach will he and Jacob; of God the of house the to and , Lord the of mountain the to up go us let and Come, say, and come, shall nations many And
it. unto flow shall people and hills; the above exalted be shall it and mountains, the of top the in established be shall Lord the of house the of mountain the that pass, to come shall it days last the in But
forest. the of places high the as house the of mountain the and heaps, become shall Jerusalem and field, a as plowed be sake your for Zion shall Therefore
us. upon come can evil none us? among Lord the not Is say, and , Lord the upon lean they will yet money: for divine thereof prophets the and hire, for teach thereof priests the and reward, for judge thereof heads The
iniquity. with Jerusalem and blood, with Zion up build They
equity. all pervert and judgment, abhor that Israel, of house the of princes and Jacob, of house the of heads ye you, pray I this, Hear
sin. his Israel to and transgression, his Jacob unto declare to might, of and judgment, of and , Lord the of spirit the by power of full am I truly But
God. of answer no is there for lips; their cover all shall they yea, confounded: diviners the and ashamed, be seers the shall Then
them. over dark be shall day the and prophets, the over down go shall sun the and divine; not shall ye that you, unto dark be shall it and vision; a have not shall ye that you, unto be shall night Therefore
him. against war prepare even they mouths, their into not putteth that he and Peace; cry, and teeth, their with bite that err, people my make that prophets the concerning Lord the saith Thus
doings. their in ill themselves behaved have they as time, that at them from face his hide even will he them: hear not will he but , Lord the unto cry they shall Then
caldron. the within flesh as and pot, the for as pieces, in them chop and bones, their break they and them; off from skin their flay and people, my of flesh the eat also Who
bones; their off from flesh their and them, off from skin their off pluck who evil; the love and good, the hate Who
judgment? know to you for not it Is Israel; of house the of princes ye and Jacob, of heads O you, pray I Hear, said, I And
them. of head the on Lord the and them, before pass shall king their and it: by out gone are and gate, the through passed have and up, broken have they them: before up come is breaker The
men. of multitude the of reason by noise great make shall they fold: their of midst the in flock the as Bozrah, of sheep the as together them put will I Israel; of remnant the gather surely will I thee; of all Jacob, O assemble, surely will I
people. this of prophet the be even shall he drink; strong of and wine of thee unto prophesy will I saying, lie, do falsehood and spirit the in walking man a If
destruction. sore a with even you, destroy shall it polluted, is it because rest: your not is this for depart; and ye, Arise
ever. for glory my away taken ye have children their from houses; pleasant their from out cast ye have people my of women The
war. from averse men as securely by pass that them from garment the with robe the off pull ye enemy: an as up risen is people my late of Even
uprightly? walketh that him to good do words my not do doings? his these are straitened? Lord the of spirit the is Jacob, of house the named art that thou O
shame. take not shall they that them, to prophesy not shall they prophesy: that them to they say not, ye Prophesy
. Lord the of congregation the in lot by cord a cast shall that none have shalt thou Therefore
fields. our divided hath he away turning me! from it removed he hath how people: my of portion the changed hath he spoiled: utterly be We say, and lamentation, doleful a with lament and you, against parable a up take one shall day that In
evil. is time this for haughtily: go ye shall neither necks; your remove not shall ye which from evil, an devise I do family this against Behold, ; Lord the saith thus Therefore
heritage. his and man a even house, his and man a oppress they so away: them take and houses, and violence; by them take and fields, covet they And
hand. their of power the in is it because it, practise they light, is morning the when beds! their upon evil work and iniquity, devise that them to Woe
thee. from captivity into gone are they for eagle; the as baldness thy enlarge children; delicate thy for thee poll and bald, thee Make
Israel. of glory the Adullam unto come shall he Mareshah: of inhabitant O thee, unto heir an bring I will Yet
Israel. of kings the to lie a be shall Achzib of houses the Moreshethgath: to presents give thou shalt Therefore
thee. in found were Israel of transgressions the for Zion: of daughter the to sin the of beginning the is she beast: swift the to chariot the bind Lachish, of inhabitant thou O
Jerusalem. of gate the unto Lord the from down came evil but good: for carefully waited Maroth of inhabitant the For
standing. his you of receive shall he Bethezel; of mourning the in forth not came Zaanan of inhabitant the naked: shame thy having Saphir, of inhabitant thou away, ye Pass
dust. the in thyself roll Aphrah of house the in all: at not ye weep Gath, at not it ye Declare
Jerusalem. to even people, my of gate the unto come is he Judah; unto come is it for incurable; is wound her For
owls. the as mourning and dragons, the like wailing a make will I naked: and stripped go will I howl, and wail will I Therefore
harlot. an of hire the to return shall they and harlot, an of hire the of it gathered she for desolate: lay I will thereof idols the all and fire, the with burned be shall thereof hires the all and pieces, to beaten be shall thereof images graven the all And
thereof. foundations the discover will I and valley, the into thereof stones the down pour will I and vineyard: a of plantings as and field, the of heap an as Samaria make will I Therefore
Jerusalem? not they are Judah? of places high the are what and Samaria? not it is Jacob? of transgression the is What Israel. of house the of sins the for and this, all is Jacob of transgression the For
place. steep a down poured are that waters the as and fire, the before wax as cleft, be shall valleys the and him, under molten be shall mountains the And
earth. the of places high the upon tread and down, come will and place, his of out forth cometh Lord the behold, For,
temple. holy his from Lord the you, against witness be God Lord the let and is: therein that all and earth, O hearken, people; ye all Hear,
Jerusalem. and Samaria concerning saw he which Judah, of kings Hezekiah, and Ahaz, Jotham, of days the in Morasthite the Micah to came that Lord the of word The
Micah
cattle? much also and hand; left their and hand right their between discern cannot that persons thousand sixscore than more are wherein city, great that Nineveh, spare I not should And
night: a in perished and night, a in up came which grow; it madest neither laboured, not hast thou which the for gourd, the on pity had hast Thou , Lord the said Then
death. unto even angry, be to well do I said, he And gourd? the for angry be to well thou Doest Jonah, to said God And
live. to than die to me for better is It said, and die, to himself in wished and fainted, he that Jonah, of head the upon beat sun the and wind; east vehement a prepared God that arise, did sun the when pass, to came it And
withered. it that gourd the smote it and day, next the rose morning the when worm a prepared God But
gourd. the of glad exceeding was Jonah So grief. his from him deliver to head, his over shadow a be might it that Jonah, over up come to it made and gourd, a prepared God Lord the And
city. the of become would what see might he till shadow, the in it under sat and booth, a him made there and city, the of side east the on sat and city, the of out went Jonah So
angry? be to well thou Doest , Lord the said Then
live. to than die to me for better is it for me; from life my thee, beseech I take, , Lord O now, Therefore
evil. the of thee repentest and kindness, great of and anger, to slow merciful, and God, gracious a art thou that knew I for Tarshish: unto before fled I Therefore country? my in yet was I when saying, my this not was , Lord O thee, pray I said, and , Lord the unto prayed he And
angry. very was he and exceedingly, Jonah displeased it But
not. it did he and them; unto do would he that said had he that evil, the of repented God and way; evil their from turned they that works, their saw God And
not? perish we that anger, fierce his from away turn and repent, and turn will God if tell can Who
hands. their in is that violence the from and way, evil his from one every turn them let yea, God: unto mightily cry and sackcloth, with covered be beast and man let But
water: drink nor feed, not them let thing: any taste flock, nor herd beast, nor man neither Let saying, nobles, his and king the of decree the by Nineveh through published and proclaimed be to it caused he And
ashes. in sat and sackcloth, with him covered and him, from robe his laid he and throne, his from arose he and Nineveh, of king the unto came word For
them. of least the to even them of greatest the from sackcloth, on put and fast, a proclaimed and God, believed Nineveh of people the So
overthrown. be shall Nineveh and days, forty Yet said, and cried, he and journey, day's a city the into enter to began Jonah And
journey. days' three of city great exceeding an was Nineveh Now . Lord the of word the to according Nineveh, unto went and arose, Jonah So
thee. bid I that preaching the it unto preach and city, great that Nineveh, unto go Arise,
saying, time, second the Jonah unto came Lord the of word the And
land. dry the upon Jonah out vomited it and fish, the unto spake Lord the And
. Lord the of is Salvation vowed. have I that that pay will I thanksgiving; of voice the with thee unto sacrifice will I But
mercy. own their forsake vanities lying observe that They
temple. holy thine into thee, unto in came prayer my and : Lord the remembered I me within fainted soul my When
God. my Lord O corruption, from life my up brought thou hast yet ever: for me about was bars her with earth the mountains; the of bottoms the to down went I
head. my about wrapped were weeds the about, round me closed depth the soul: the to even about, me compassed waters The
temple. holy thy toward again look will I yet sight; thy of out cast am I said, I Then
me. over passed waves thy and billows thy all about: me compassed floods the and seas; the of midst the in deep, the into me cast hadst thou For
voice. my heardest thou and I, cried hell of belly the of out me; heard he and , Lord the unto affliction mine of reason by cried I said, And
belly, fish's the of out God his Lord the unto prayed Jonah Then
nights. three and days three fish the of belly the in was Jonah And Jonah. up swallow to fish great a prepared had Lord the Now
vows. made and , Lord the unto sacrifice a offered and exceedingly, Lord the feared men the Then
raging. her from ceased sea the and sea: the into forth him cast and Jonah, up took they So
thee. pleased it as done hast , Lord O thou, for blood: innocent us upon not lay and life, man's this for perish not us let thee, beseech we , Lord O thee, beseech We said, and , Lord the unto cried they Wherefore
them. against tempestuous was and wrought, sea the for not: could they but land; the to it bring to hard rowed men the Nevertheless
you. upon is tempest great this sake my for that know I for you: unto calm be sea the shall so sea; the into forth me cast and up, me Take them, unto said he And
tempestuous. was and wrought, sea the for us? unto calm be may sea the that thee, unto do we shall What him, unto they said Then
them. told had he because , Lord the of presence the from fled he that knew men the For this? done thou hast Why him. unto said and afraid, exceedingly men the were Then
land. dry the and sea the made hath which heaven, of God the , Lord the fear I and Hebrew; an am I them, unto said he And
thou? art people what of and country? thy is what thou? comest whence and occupation? thine is What us; upon is evil this cause whose for thee, pray we us, Tell him, unto they said Then
Jonah. upon fell lot the and lots, cast they So us. upon is evil this cause whose for know may we that lots, cast us let and Come, fellow, his to one every said they And
not. perish we that us, upon think will God that be so if God, thy upon call arise, sleeper? O thou, meanest What him, unto said and him, to came shipmaster the So
asleep. fast was and lay, he and ship; the of sides the into down gone was Jonah But them. of it lighten to sea, the into ship the in were that wares the forth cast and god, his unto man every cried and afraid, were mariners the Then
broken. be to like was ship the that so sea, the in tempest mighty a was there and sea, the into wind great a out sent Lord the But
. Lord the of presence the from Tarshish unto them with go to it, into down went and thereof, fare the paid he so Tarshish: to going ship a found he and Joppa; to down went and , Lord the of presence the from Tarshish unto flee to up rose Jonah But
me. before up come is wickedness their for it; against cry and city, great that Nineveh, to go Arise,
saying, Amittai, of son the Jonah unto came Lord the of word the Now
Jonah
's. Lord the be shall kingdom the and Esau; of mount the judge to Zion mount on up come shall saviours And
south. the of cities the possess shall Sepharad, in is which Jerusalem, of captivity the and Zarephath; unto even Canaanites, the of that possess shall Israel of children the of host this of captivity the And
Gilead. possess shall Benjamin and Samaria: of fields the and Ephraim, of fields the possess shall they and Philistines: the plain the of they and Esau; of mount the possess shall south the of they And
it. spoken hath Lord the for Esau; of house the of remaining any be not shall there and them; devour and them, in kindle shall they and stubble, for Esau of house the and flame, a Joseph of house the and fire, a be shall Jacob of house the And
possessions. their possess shall Jacob of house the and holiness; be shall there and deliverance, be shall Zion mount upon But
been. not had they though as be shall they and down, swallow shall they and drink, shall they yea, continually, drink heathen the all shall so mountain, holy my upon drunk have ye as For
head. own thine upon return shall reward thy thee: unto done be shall it done, hast thou as heathen: the all upon near is Lord the of day the For
distress. of day the in remain did that his of those up delivered have thou shouldest neither escape; did that his of those off cut to crossway, the in stood have thou shouldest Neither
calamity; their of day the in substance their on hands laid have nor calamity, their of day the in affliction their on looked have not shouldest thou yea, calamity; their of day the in people my of gate the into entered have not shouldest Thou
distress. of day the in proudly spoken have thou shouldest neither destruction; their of day the in Judah of children the over rejoiced have thou shouldest neither stranger; a became he that day the in brother thy of day the on looked have not shouldest thou But
them. of one as wast thou even Jerusalem, upon lots cast and gates, his into entered foreigners and forces, his captive away carried strangers the that day the in side, other the on stoodest thou that day the In
ever. for off cut be shalt thou and thee, cover shall shame Jacob brother thy against violence thy For
slaughter. by off cut be may Esau of mount the of one every that end the to dismayed, be shall Teman, O men, mighty thy And
Esau? of mount the of out understanding and Edom, of out men wise the destroy even , Lord the saith day, that in not I Shall
him. in understanding none is there thee: under wound a laid have bread thy eat that they thee; against prevailed and thee, deceived have thee with peace at were that men the border: the to even thee brought have confederacy thy of men the All
up! sought things hidden his are how out! searched Esau of things the are How
grapes? some leave not they would thee, to came grapegatherers the if enough? had they till stolen have not they would off!) cut thou art (how night, by robbers if thee, to came thieves If
. Lord the saith down, thee bring I will thence stars, the among nest thy set thou though and eagle, the as thyself exalt thou Though
ground? the to down me bring shall Who heart, his in saith that high; is habitation whose rock, the of clefts the in dwellest that thou thee, deceived hath heart thine of pride The
despised. greatly art thou heathen: the among small thee made have I Behold,
battle. in her against up rise us let and ye, Arise heathen, the among sent is ambassador an and , Lord the from rumour a heard have We Edom; concerning God Lord the saith Thus Obadiah. of vision The
Obadiah
God. thy Lord the saith them, given have I which land their of out up pulled be more no shall they and land, their upon them plant will I And
them. of fruit the eat and gardens, make also shall they thereof; wine the drink and vineyards, plant shall they and them; inhabit and cities, waste the build shall they and Israel, of people my of captivity the again bring will I And
melt. shall hills the all and wine, sweet drop shall mountains the and seed; soweth that him grapes of treader the and reaper, the overtake shall plowman the that , Lord the saith come, days the Behold,
this. doeth that Lord the saith name, my by called are which heathen, the all of and Edom, of remnant the possess may they That
old: of days the in as it build will I and ruins, his up raise will I and thereof; breaches the up close and fallen, is that David of tabernacle the up raise I will day that In
us. prevent nor overtake not shall evil The say, which sword, the by die shall people my of sinners the All
earth. the upon fall grain least the not shall yet sieve, a in sifted is corn as like nations, all among Israel of house the sift will I and command, will I lo, For,
. Lord the saith Jacob, of house the destroy utterly not will I that saving earth; the of face the off from it destroy will I and kingdom, sinful the upon are God Lord the of eyes the Behold,
Kir? from Syrians the and Caphtor, from Philistines the and Egypt? of land the of out Israel up brought I not Have . Lord the saith Israel? of children O me, unto Ethiopians the of children as not ye Are
name. his is Lord The earth: the of face the upon out them poureth and sea, the of waters the for calleth that he earth; the in troop his founded hath and heaven, the in stories his buildeth that he is It
Egypt. of flood the by as drowned, be shall and flood; a like wholly up rise shall it and mourn: shall therein dwell that all and melt, shall it and land, the toucheth that he is hosts of God Lord the And
good. for not and evil, for them upon eyes mine set will I and them: slay shall it and sword, the command I will thence enemies, their before captivity into go they though And
them: bite shall he and serpent, the command I will thence sea, the of bottom the in sight my from hid be they though and thence; out them take and search will I Carmel, of top the in themselves hide they though And
down: them bring I will thence heaven, to up climb they though them; take hand mine shall thence hell, into dig they Though
delivered. be not shall them of escapeth that he and away, flee not shall them of fleeth that he sword: the with them of last the slay will I and them; of all head, the in them cut and shake: may posts the that door, the of lintel the Smite said, he and altar: the upon standing Lord the saw I
again. up rise never and fall, shall they even liveth; Beersheba of manner The and, liveth; Dan, O god, Thy say, and Samaria, of sin the by swear that They
thirst. for faint men young and virgins fair the shall day that In
it. find not shall and , Lord the of word the seek to fro and to run shall they east, the to even north the from and sea, to sea from wander shall they And
: Lord the of words the hearing of but water, for thirst a nor bread, of famine a not land, the in famine a send will I that , God Lord the saith come, days the Behold,
day. bitter a as thereof end the and son, only an of mourning the as it make will I and head; every upon baldness and loins, all upon sackcloth up bring will I and lamentation; into songs your all and mourning, into feasts your turn will I And
day: clear the in earth the darken will I and noon, at down go to sun the cause will I that , God Lord the saith day, that in pass to come shall it And
Egypt. of flood the by as drowned, and out cast be shall it and flood; a as wholly up rise shall it and therein? dwelleth that mourn one every and this, for tremble land the not Shall
works. their of any forget never will I Surely Jacob, of excellency the by sworn hath Lord The
wheat? the of refuse the sell and yea, shoes; of pair a for needy the and silver, for poor the buy may we That
deceit? by balances the falsifying and great, shekel the and small, ephah the making wheat, forth set may we that sabbath, the and corn? sell may we that gone, be moon new the will When Saying,
fail, to land the of poor the make to even needy, the up swallow that ye O this, Hear
silence. with forth them cast shall they place; every in bodies dead many be shall there : God Lord the saith day, that in howlings be shall temple the of songs the And
more. any them by pass again not will I Israel; of people my upon come is end The me, unto Lord the said Then fruit. summer of basket A said, I And thou? seest what Amos, said, he And
fruit. summer of basket a behold and me: unto shewed God Lord the hath Thus
land. his of forth captivity into go surely shall Israel and land: polluted a in die shalt thou and line; by divided be shall land thy and sword, the by fall shall daughters thy and sons thy and city, the in harlot an be shall wife Thy ; Lord the saith thus Therefore
Isaac. of house the against word thy not drop and Israel, against not Prophesy sayest, Thou : Lord the of word the thou hear therefore Now
Israel. people my unto prophesy Go, me, unto said Lord the and flock, the followed I as me took Lord the And
fruit: sycomore of gatherer a and herdman, an was I but son; prophet's a I was neither prophet, no was I Amaziah, to said and Amos, answered Then
court. king's the is it and chapel, king's the is it for Bethel: at more any again not prophesy But
there: prophesy and bread, eat there and Judah, of land the into away thee flee go, seer, thou O Amos, unto said Amaziah Also
land. own their of out captive away led be surely shall Israel and sword, the by die shall Jeroboam saith, Amos thus For
words. his all bear to able not is land the Israel: of house the of midst the in thee against conspired hath Amos saying, Israel, of king Jeroboam to sent Bethel of priest the Amaziah Then
sword. the with Jeroboam of house the against rise will I and waste; laid be shall Israel of sanctuaries the and desolate, be shall Isaac of places high the And
more: any them by pass again not will I Israel: people my of midst the in plumbline a set will I Behold, , Lord the said Then plumbline. A said, I And thou? seest what Amos, me, unto said Lord the And
hand. his in plumbline a with plumbline, a by made wall a upon stood Lord the behold, and, me: shewed he Thus
. God Lord the saith be, not shall also This this: for repented Lord The
small. is he for arise? Jacob shall whom by thee: beseech I cease, , God Lord O I, said Then
part. a up eat did and deep, great the devoured it and fire, by contend to called God Lord the behold, and, me: unto shewed God Lord the hath Thus
. Lord the saith be, not shall It this: for repented Lord The
small. is he for arise? Jacob shall whom by thee: beseech I forgive, , God Lord O said, I then land, the of grass the eating of end an made had they when that pass, to came it And
mowings. king's the after growth latter the was it lo, and, growth; latter the of up shooting the of beginning the in grasshoppers formed he behold, and, me; unto shewed God Lord the hath Thus
wilderness. the of river the unto Hemath of in entering the from you afflict shall they and hosts; of God the Lord the saith Israel, of house O nation, a you against up raise will I behold, But,
strength? own our by horns us to taken not we Have say, which nought, of thing a in rejoice which Ye
hemlock: into righteousness of fruit the and gall, into judgment turned have ye for oxen? with there plow one will rock? the upon run horses Shall
clefts. with house little the and breaches, with house great the smite will he and commandeth, Lord the behold, For,
. Lord the of name the of mention make not may we for tongue: thy Hold say, he shall Then No. say, shall he and thee? with any yet there Is house, the of sides the by is that him unto say shall and house, the of out bones the out bring to him, burneth that he and up, him take shall uncle man's a And
die. shall they that house, one in men ten remain there if pass, to come shall it And
therein. is that all with city the up deliver I will therefore palaces: his hate and Jacob, of excellency the abhor I hosts, of God the Lord the saith himself, by sworn hath God Lord The
removed. be shall themselves stretched that them of banquet the and captive, go that first the with captive go they shall now Therefore
Joseph. of affliction the for grieved not are they but ointments: chief the with themselves anoint and bowls, in wine drink That
David; like musick, of instruments themselves to invent and viol, the of sound the to chant That
stall; the of midst the of out calves the and flock, the of out lambs the eat and couches, their upon themselves stretch and ivory, of beds upon lie That
near; come to violence of seat the cause and day, evil the away far put that Ye
border? your than greater border their or kingdoms? these than better they be Philistines: the of Gath to down go then great: the Hamath to ye go thence from and see; and Calneh, unto ye Pass
came! Israel of house the whom to nations, the of chief named are which Samaria, of mountain the in trust and Zion, in ease at are that them to Woe
hosts. of God The is name whose , Lord the saith Damascus, beyond captivity into go to you cause I will Therefore
yourselves. to made ye which god, your of star the images, your Chiun and Moloch your of tabernacle the borne have ye But
Israel? of house O years, forty wilderness the in offerings and sacrifices me unto offered ye Have
stream. mighty a as righteousness and waters, as down run judgment let But
viols. thy of melody the hear not will I for songs; thy of noise the me from away thou Take
beasts. fat your of offerings peace the regard I will neither them: accept not will I offerings, meat your and offerings burnt me offer ye Though
assemblies. solemn your in smell not will I and days, feast your despise I hate, I
it? in brightness no and dark, very even light? not and darkness, be Lord the of day the not Shall
him. bit serpent a and wall, the on hand his leaned and house, the into went or him; met bear a and lion, a from flee did man a if As
light. not and darkness, is Lord the of day the you? for it is end what to ! Lord the of day the desire that you unto Woe
. Lord the saith thee, through pass will I for wailing: be shall vineyards all in And
wailing. to lamentation of skilful are as such and mourning, to husbandman the call shall they and alas! Alas! highways, the all in say shall they and streets; all in be shall Wailing thus; saith , Lord the hosts, of God the , Lord the Therefore
Joseph. of remnant the unto gracious be will hosts of God Lord the that be may it gate: the in judgment establish and good, the love and evil, the Hate
spoken. have ye as you, with be shall hosts, of God the , Lord the so and live: may ye that evil, not and good, Seek
time. evil an is it for time; that in silence keep shall prudent the Therefore
right. their from gate the in poor the aside turn they and bribe, a take they just, the afflict they sins: mighty your and transgressions manifold your know I For
them. of wine drink not shall ye but vineyards, pleasant planted have ye them; in dwell not shall ye but stone, hewn of houses built have ye wheat: of burdens him from take ye and poor, the upon is treading your as therefore Forasmuch
uprightly. speaketh that him abhor they and gate, the in rebuketh that him hate They
fortress. the against come shall spoiled the that so strong, the against spoiled the strengtheneth That
name: his is Lord The earth: the of face the upon out them poureth and sea, the of waters the for calleth that night: with dark day the maketh and morning, the into death of shadow the turneth and Orion, and stars seven the maketh that him Seek
earth, the in righteousness off leave and wormwood, to judgment turn who Ye
Bethel. in it quench to none be there and it, devour and Joseph, of house the in fire like out break he lest live; shall ye and , Lord the Seek
nought. to come shall Bethel and captivity, into go surely shall Gilgal for Beersheba: to not pass and Gilgal, into enter nor Bethel, not seek But
live: shall ye and me, ye Seek Israel, of house the unto Lord the saith thus For
Israel. of house the to ten, leave shall hundred an by forth went which that and hundred, an leave shall thousand a by out went that city The ; God Lord the saith thus For
up. her raise to none is there land; her upon forsaken is she rise: more no shall she fallen; is Israel of virgin The
Israel. of house O lamentation, a even you, against up take I which word this ye Hear
name. his is hosts, of God The , Lord The earth, the of places high the upon treadeth and darkness, morning the maketh that thought, his is what man unto declareth and wind, the createth and mountains, the formeth that he lo, For,
Israel. O God, thy meet to prepare thee, unto this do will I because and Israel: O thee, unto do I will thus Therefore
. Lord the saith me, unto returned not ye have yet burning: the of out plucked firebrand a as were ye and Gomorrah, and Sodom overthrew God as you, of some overthrown have I
. Lord the saith me, unto returned not ye have yet nostrils: your unto up come to camps your of stink the made have I and horses; your away taken have and sword, the with slain I have men young your Egypt: of manner the after pestilence the you among sent have I
. Lord the saith me, unto returned not ye have yet them: devoured palmerworm the increased, trees olive your and trees fig your and vineyards your and gardens your when mildew: and blasting with you smitten have I
. Lord the saith me, unto returned not ye have yet satisfied: not were they but water; drink to city, one unto wandered cities three or two So
withered. not rained it whereupon piece the and upon, rained was piece one city: another upon rain to not it caused and city, one upon rain to it caused I and harvest: the to months three yet were there when you, from rain the withholden have I also And
. Lord the saith me, unto returned not ye have yet places: your all in bread of want and cities, your all in teeth of cleanness you given have also I And
. God Lord the saith Israel, of children ye O you, liketh this for offerings: free the publish and proclaim and leaven, with thanksgiving of sacrifice a offer And
years: three after tithes your and morning, every sacrifices your bring and transgression; multiply Gilgal at transgress; and Bethel, to Come
. Lord the saith palace, the into them cast shall ye and her; before is which that at cow every breaches, the at out go shall ye And
fishhooks. with posterity your and hooks, with away you take will he that you, upon come shall days the lo, that, holiness, his by sworn hath God Lord The
drink. us let and Bring, masters, their to say which needy, the crush which poor, the oppress which Samaria, of mountain the in are that Bashan, of kine ye word, this Hear
. Lord the saith end, an have shall houses great the and perish, shall ivory of houses the and house; summer the with house winter the smite will I And
ground. the to fall and off, cut be shall altar the of horns the and Bethel: of altars the visit also will I him upon Israel of transgressions the visit shall I that day the in That
hosts, of God the , God Lord the saith Jacob, of house the in testify and ye, Hear
couch. a in Damascus in and bed, a of corner the in Samaria in dwell that out taken be Israel of children the shall so ear; an of piece a or legs, two lion the of mouth the of out taketh shepherd the As ; Lord the saith Thus
spoiled. be shall palaces thy and thee, from strength thy down bring shall he and land; the about round even be shall there adversary An ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
palaces. their in robbery and violence up store who , Lord the saith right, do to not know they For
thereof. midst the in oppressed the and thereof, midst the in tumults great the behold and Samaria, of mountains the upon yourselves Assemble say, and Egypt, of land the in palaces the in and Ashdod, at palaces the in Publish
prophesy? but can who spoken, hath God Lord the fear? not will who roared, hath lion The
prophets. the servants his unto secret his revealeth he but nothing, do will God Lord the Surely
it? done not hath Lord the and city, a in evil be there shall afraid? be not people the and city, the in blown be trumpet a Shall
all? at nothing taken have and earth, the from snare a up take one shall him? for is gin no where earth, the upon snare a in fall bird a Can
nothing? taken have he if den, his of out cry lion young a will prey? no hath he when forest, the in roar lion a Will
agreed? be they except together, walk two Can
iniquities. your all for you punish will I therefore earth: the of families the all of known I have only You
saying, Egypt, of land the from up brought I which family whole the against Israel, of children O you, against spoken hath Lord the that word this Hear
. Lord the saith day, that in naked away flee shall mighty the among courageous is that he And
himself. deliver horse the rideth that he shall neither himself: deliver not shall foot of swift is that he and bow; the handleth that stand he shall Neither
himself: deliver mighty the shall neither force, his strengthen not shall strong the and swift, the from perish shall flight the Therefore
sheaves. of full is that pressed is cart a as you, under pressed am I Behold,
not. Prophesy saying, prophets, the commanded and drink; to wine Nazarites the gave ye But
. Lord the saith Israel? of children ye O thus, even not it Is Nazarites. for men young your of and prophets, for sons your of up raised I And
Amorite. the of land the possess to wilderness, the through years forty you led and Egypt, of land the from up you brought I Also
beneath. from roots his and above, from fruit his destroyed I yet oaks; the as strong was he and cedars, the of height the like was height whose them, before Amorite the I destroyed Yet
god. their of house the in condemned the of wine the drink they and altar, every by pledge to laid clothes upon down themselves lay they And
name: holy my profane to maid, same the unto in go will father his and man a and meek: the of way the aside turn and poor, the of head the on earth the of dust the after pant That
shoes; of pair a for poor the and silver, for righteous the sold they because thereof; punishment the away turn not will I four, for and Israel, of transgressions three For ; Lord the saith Thus
Jerusalem. of palaces the devour shall it and Judah, upon fire a send will I But
walked: have fathers their which the after err, to them caused lies their and commandments, his kept not have and , Lord the of law the despised have they because thereof; punishment the away turn not will I four, for and Judah, of transgressions three For ; Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the saith him, with thereof princes the all slay will and thereof, midst the from judge the off cut will I And
trumpet: the of sound the with and shouting, with tumult, with die shall Moab and Kirioth: of palaces the devour shall it and Moab, upon fire a send will I But
lime: into Edom of king the of bones the burned he because thereof; punishment the away turn not will I four, for and Moab, of transgressions three For ; Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the saith together, princes his and he captivity, into go shall king their And
whirlwind: the of day the in tempest a with battle, of day the in shouting with thereof, palaces the devour shall it and Rabbah, of wall the in fire a kindle will I But
border: their enlarge might they that Gilead, of child with women the up ripped have they because thereof; punishment the away turn not will I four, for and Ammon, of children the of transgressions three For ; Lord the saith Thus
Bozrah. of palaces the devour shall which Teman, upon fire a send will I But
ever: for wrath his kept he and perpetually, tear did anger his and pity, all off cast did and sword, the with brother his pursue did he because thereof; punishment the away turn not will I four, for and Edom, of transgressions three For ; Lord the saith Thus
thereof. palaces the devour shall which Tyrus, of wall the on fire a send will I But
covenant: brotherly the not remembered and Edom, to captivity whole the up delivered they because thereof; punishment the away turn not will I four, for and Tyrus, of transgressions three For ; Lord the saith Thus
. God Lord the saith perish, shall Philistines the of remnant the and Ekron: against hand mine turn will I and Ashkelon, from sceptre the holdeth that him and Ashdod, from inhabitant the off cut will I And
thereof: palaces the devour shall which Gaza, of wall the on fire a send will I But
Edom: to up them deliver to captivity, whole the captive away carried they because thereof; punishment the away turn not will I four, for and Gaza, of transgressions three For ; Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the saith Kir, unto captivity into go shall Syria of people the and Eden: of house the from sceptre the holdeth that him and Aven, of plain the from inhabitant the off cut and Damascus, of bar the also break will I
Benhadad. of palaces the devour shall which Hazael, of house the into fire a send will I But
iron: of instruments threshing with Gilead threshed have they because thereof; punishment the away turn not will I four, for and Damascus, of transgressions three For ; Lord the saith Thus
wither. shall Carmel of top the and mourn, shall shepherds the of habitations the and Jerusalem; from voice his utter and Zion, from roar will Lord The said, he And
earthquake. the before years two Israel, of king Joash of son the Jeroboam of days the in and Judah, of king Uzziah of days the in Israel concerning saw he which Tekoa, of herdmen the among was who Amos, of words The
Amos
Zion. in dwelleth Lord the for cleansed: not have I that blood their cleanse will I For
generation. to generation from Jerusalem and ever, for dwell shall Judah But
land. their in blood innocent shed have they because Judah, of children the against violence the for wilderness, desolate a be shall Edom and desolation, a be shall Egypt
Shittim. of valley the water shall and , Lord the of house the of out forth come shall fountain a and waters, with flow shall Judah of rivers the all and milk, with flow shall hills the and wine, new down drop shall mountains the that day, that in pass to come shall it And
more. any her through pass strangers no shall there and holy, be Jerusalem shall then mountain: holy my Zion, in dwelling God your Lord the am I that know ye shall So
Israel. of children the of strength the and people, his of hope the be will Lord the but shake: shall earth the and heavens the and Jerusalem; from voice his utter and Zion, of out roar shall also Lord The
shining. their withdraw shall stars the and darkened, be shall moon the and sun The
decision. of valley the in near is Lord the of day the for decision: of valley the in multitudes Multitudes,
great. is wickedness their for overflow; fats the full, is press the for down; you get come, ripe: is harvest the for sickle, the in ye Put
about. round heathen the all judge to sit I will there for Jehoshaphat: of valley the to up come and wakened, be heathen the Let
. Lord O down, come to ones mighty thy cause thither about: round together yourselves gather and heathen, ye all come, and yourselves, Assemble
strong. am I say, weak the let spears: into pruninghooks your and swords into plowshares your Beat
up: come them let near; draw war of men the all let men, mighty the up wake war, Prepare Gentiles; the among this ye Proclaim
it. spoken hath Lord the for off: far people a to Sabeans, the to them sell shall they and Judah, of children the of hand the into daughters your and sons your sell will I And
head: own your upon recompence your return will and them, sold have ye whither place the of out them raise will I Behold,
border. their from far them remove might ye that Grecians, the unto sold ye have Jerusalem of children the and Judah of also children The
things: pleasant goodly my temples your into carried have and gold, my and silver my taken have ye Because
head; own your upon recompence your return I will speedily and swiftly me, recompense ye if and recompence? a me render ye will Palestine? of coasts the all and Zidon, and Tyre, O me, with do to ye have what and Yea,
drink. might they that wine, for girl a sold and harlot, an for boy a given have and people; my for lots cast have they And
land. my parted and nations, the among scattered have they whom Israel, heritage my for and people my for there them with plead will and Jehoshaphat, of valley the into down them bring will and nations, all gather also will I
Jerusalem, and Judah of captivity the again bring shall I when time, that in and days, those in behold, For,
call. shall Lord the whom remnant the in and said, hath Lord the as deliverance, be shall Jerusalem in and Zion mount in for delivered: be shall Lord the of name the on call shall whosoever that pass, to come shall it And
come. Lord the of day terrible and great the before blood, into moon the and darkness, into turned be shall sun The
smoke. of pillars and fire, and blood, earth, the in and heavens the in wonders shew will I And
spirit. my out pour I will days those in handmaids the upon and servants the upon also And
visions: see shall men young your dreams, dream shall men old your prophesy, shall daughters your and sons your and flesh; all upon spirit my out pour will I that afterward, pass to come shall it And
ashamed. be never shall people my and else: none and God, your Lord the am I that and Israel, of midst the in am I that know shall ye And
ashamed. be never shall people my and you: with wondrously dealt hath that God, your Lord the of name the praise and satisfied, be and plenty, in eat shall ye And
you. among sent I which army great my palmerworm, the and caterpiller, the and cankerworm, the eaten, hath locust the that years the you to restore will I And
oil. and wine with overflow shall vats the and wheat, of full be shall floors the And
month. first the in rain latter the and rain, former the rain, the you for down come to cause will he and moderately, rain former the you given hath he for God: your Lord the in rejoice and Zion, of children ye then, glad Be
strength. their yield do vine the and tree fig the fruit, her beareth tree the for spring, do wilderness the of pastures the for field: the of beasts ye afraid, not Be
things. great do will Lord the for rejoice: and glad be land; O not, Fear
things. great done hath he because up, come shall savour ill his and up, come shall stink his and sea, utmost the toward part hinder his and sea, east the toward face his with desolate, and barren land a into him drive will and army, northern the you from off far remove will I But
heathen: the among reproach a you make more no will I and therewith: satisfied be shall ye and oil, and wine, and corn, you send will I Behold, people, his unto say and answer will Lord the Yea,
people. his pity and land, his for jealous be Lord the will Then
God? their is Where people, the among say they should wherefore them: over rule should heathen the that reproach, to heritage thine not give and , Lord O people, thy Spare say, them let and altar, the and porch the between weep , Lord the of ministers the priests, the Let
closet. her of out bride the and chamber, his of forth go bridegroom the let breasts: the suck that those and children, the gather elders, the assemble congregation, the sanctify people, the Gather
assembly: solemn a call fast, a sanctify Zion, in trumpet the Blow
God? your Lord the unto offering drink a and offering meat a even him; behind blessing a leave and repent, and return will he if knoweth Who
evil. the of him repenteth and kindness, great of and anger, to slow merciful, and gracious is he for God: your Lord the unto turn and garments, your not and heart, your rend And
mourning: with and weeping, with and fasting, with and heart, your all with me to even ye turn , Lord the saith now, also Therefore
it? abide can who and terrible; very and great is Lord the of day the for word: his executeth that strong is he for great: very is camp his for army: his before voice his utter shall Lord the And
shining: their withdraw shall stars the and dark, be shall moon the and sun the tremble: shall heavens the them; before quake shall earth The
thief. a like windows the at in enter shall they houses; the upon up climb shall they wall, the upon run shall they city; the in fro and to run shall They
wounded. be not shall they sword, the upon fall they when and path: his in one every walk shall they another; thrust one shall Neither
ranks: their break not shall they and ways, his on one every march shall they and war; of men like wall the climb shall they men; mighty like run shall They
blackness. gather shall faces all pained: much be shall people the face their Before
array. battle in set people strong a as stubble, the devoureth that fire of flame a of noise the like leap, they shall mountains of tops the on chariots of noise the Like
run. they shall so horsemen, as and horses; of appearance the as is them of appearance The
them. escape shall nothing and yea, wilderness; desolate a them behind and them, before Eden of garden the as is land the burneth: flame a them behind and them; before devoureth fire A
generations. many of years the to even it, after more any be shall neither like, the ever been not hath there strong; a and people great a mountains: the upon spread morning the as darkness, thick of and clouds of day a gloominess, of and darkness of day A
hand; at nigh is it for cometh, Lord the of day the for tremble: land the of inhabitants the all let mountain: holy my in alarm an sound and Zion, in trumpet the ye Blow
wilderness. the of pastures the devoured hath fire the and up, dried are waters of rivers the for thee: unto also cry field the of beasts The
field. the of trees the all burned hath flame the and wilderness, the of pastures the devoured hath fire the for cry: I will thee to , Lord O
desolate. made are sheep of flocks the yea, pasture; no have they because perplexed, are cattle of herds the groan! beasts the do How
withered. is corn the for down; broken are barns the desolate, laid are garners the clods, their under rotten is seed The
God? our of house the from gladness and joy yea, eyes, our before off cut meat the not Is
come. it shall Almighty the from destruction a as and hand, at is Lord the of day the for day! the for Alas
, Lord the unto cry and God, your Lord the of house the into land the of inhabitants the all and elders the gather assembly, solemn a call fast, a ye Sanctify
God. your of house the from withholden is offering drink the and offering meat the for God: my of ministers ye sackcloth, in night all lie come, altar: the of ministers ye howl, priests: ye lament, and yourselves, Gird
men. of sons the from away withered is joy because withered: are field, the of trees the all even tree, apple the and also, tree palm the tree, pomegranate the languisheth; tree fig the and up, dried is vine The
perished. is field the of harvest the because barley; the for and wheat the for vinedressers, ye O howl, husbandmen; ye O ashamed, ye Be
languisheth. oil the up, dried is wine new the wasted: is corn the for mourneth; land the wasted, is field The
mourn. ministers, 's Lord the priests, the ; Lord the of house the from off cut is offering drink the and offering meat The
youth. her of husband the for sackcloth with girded virgin a like Lament
white. made are thereof branches the away; it cast and bare, clean it made hath he tree: fig my barked and waste, vine my laid hath He
lion. great a of teeth cheek the hath he and lion, a of teeth the are teeth whose number, without and strong, land, my upon up come is nation a For
mouth. your from off cut is it for wine; new the of because wine, of drinkers ye all howl, and weep; and drunkards, ye Awake,
eaten. caterpiller the hath left hath cankerworm the which that and eaten; cankerworm the hath left hath locust the which that and eaten; locust the hath left hath palmerworm the which That
generation. another children their and children, their tell children your let and it, of children your ye Tell
fathers? your of days the in even or days, your in been this Hath land. the of inhabitants ye all ear, give and men, old ye this, Hear
Pethuel. of son the Joel to came that Lord the of word The
Joel
therein. fall shall transgressors the but them: in walk shall just the and right, are Lord the of ways the for them? know shall he and prudent, things? these understand shall he and wise, is Who
found. fruit thy is me From tree. fir green a like am I him: observed and him, heard have I idols? with more any do to I have What say, shall Ephraim
Lebanon. of wine the as be shall thereof scent the vine: the as grow and corn, the as revive shall they return; shall shadow his under dwell that They
Lebanon. as smell his and tree, olive the as be shall beauty his and spread, shall branches His
Lebanon. as roots his forth cast and lily, the as grow shall he Israel: unto dew the as be will I
him. from away turned is anger mine for freely: them love will I backsliding, their heal will I
mercy. findeth fatherless the thee in for gods: our are Ye hands, our of work the to more any say we will neither horses: upon ride not will we us; save not shall Asshur
lips. our of calves the render we will so graciously: us receive and iniquity, all away Take him, unto say : Lord the to turn and words, you with Take
iniquity. thine by fallen hast thou for God; thy Lord the unto return israel, O
up. ripped be shall child with women their and pieces, in dashed be shall infants their sword: the by fall shall they God: her against rebelled hath she for desolate; become shall Samaria
vessels. pleasant all of treasure the spoil shall he up: dried be shall fountain his and dry, become shall spring his and wilderness, the from up come shall Lord the of wind the come, shall wind east an brethren, his among fruitful be he Though
eyes. mine from hid be shall repentance destruction: thy be will I grave, O plagues; thy be will I death, O death: from them redeem will I grave; the of power the from them ransom will I
children. of forth breaking the of place the in long stay not should he for son; unwise an is he him: upon come shall woman travailing a of sorrows The
hid. is sin his up; bound is Ephraim of iniquity The
wrath. my in away him took and anger, mine in king a thee gave I
princes? and king a me Give saidst, thou whom of judges thy and cities? thy all in thee save may that other any is where king: thy be will I
help. thine is me in but thyself; destroyed hast thou Israel, O
them. tear shall beast wild the lion: a like them devour I will there and heart, their of caul the rend will and whelps, her of bereaved is that bear a as them meet will I
them: observe I will way the by leopard a as lion: a as them unto be will I Therefore
me. forgotten they have therefore exalted; was heart their and filled, were they filled; they were so pasture, their to According
drought. great of land the in wilderness, the in thee know did I
me. beside saviour no is there for me: but god no know shalt thou and Egypt, of land the from God thy Lord the am I Yet
chimney. the of out smoke the as and floor, the of out whirlwind the with driven is that chaff the as away, passeth that dew early the as and cloud morning the as be shall they Therefore
calves. the kiss sacrifice that men the Let them, of say they craftsmen: the of work the it of all understanding, own their to according idols and silver, their of images molten them made have and more, and more sin they now And
died. he Baal, in offended he when but Israel; in himself exalted he trembling, spake Ephraim When
him. unto return Lord his shall reproach his and him, upon blood his leave he shall therefore bitterly: most anger to him provoked Ephraim
preserved. he was prophet a by and Egypt, of out Israel brought Lord the prophet a by And
sheep. kept he wife a for and wife, a for served Israel and Syria, of country the into fled Jacob And
fields. the of furrows the in heaps as are altars their yea, Gilgal; in bullocks sacrifice they vanity: are they surely Gilead? in iniquity there Is
prophets. the of ministry the by similitudes, used and visions, multiplied have I and prophets, the by spoken also have I
feast. solemn the of days the in as tabernacles, in dwell to thee make yet will Egypt of land the from God thy Lord the am that I And
sin. were that me in iniquity none find shall they labours my all in substance: out me found have I rich, become am I Yet said, Ephraim And
oppress. to loveth he hand: his in are deceit of balances the merchant, a is He
continually. God thy on wait and judgment and mercy keep God: thy to thou turn Therefore
memorial. his is Lord the hosts; of God Lord the Even
us; with spake he there and Bethel, in him found he him: unto supplication made and wept, he prevailed: and angel, the over power had he Yea,
God: with power had he strength his by and womb, the in heel the by brother his took He
him. recompense he will doings his to according ways; his to according Jacob punish will and Judah, with controversy a also hath Lord The
Egypt. into carried is oil and Assyrians, the with covenant a make do they and desolation; and lies increaseth daily he wind: east the after followeth and wind, on feedeth Ephraim
saints. the with faithful is and God, with ruleth yet Judah but deceit: with Israel of house the and lies, with about me compasseth Ephraim
. Lord the saith houses, their in them place will I and Assyria: of land the of out dove a as and Egypt, of out bird a as tremble shall They
west. the from tremble shall children the then roar, shall he when lion: a like roar shall he : Lord the after walk shall They
city. the into enter not will I and thee: of midst the in One Holy the man; not and God, am I for Ephraim: destroy to return not will I anger, mine of fierceness the execute not will I
together. kindled are repentings my me, within turned is heart mine Zeboim? as thee set I shall how Admah? as thee make I shall how Israel? thee, deliver I shall how Ephraim? up, thee give I shall How
him. exalt would all at none High, most the to them called they though me: from backsliding to bent are people my And
counsels. own their of because them, devour and branches, his consume shall and cities, his on abide shall sword the And
return. to refused they because king, his be shall Assyrian the and Egypt, of land the into return not shall He
them. unto meat laid I and jaws, their on yoke the off take that they as them to was I and love: of bands with man, a of cords with them drew I
them. healed I that not knew they but arms; their by them taking go, to also Ephraim taught I
images. graven to incense burned and Baalim, unto sacrificed they them: from went they so them, called they As
Egypt. of out son my called and him, loved I then child, a was Israel When
off. cut be utterly Israel of king the shall morning a in wickedness: great your of because you unto do Bethel shall So
children. her upon pieces in dashed was mother the battle: of day the in Betharbel spoiled Shalman as spoiled, be shall fortresses thy all and people, thy among arise tumult a shall Therefore
men. mighty thy of multitude the in way, thy in trust didst thou because lies: of fruit the eaten have ye iniquity; reaped have ye wickedness, plowed have Ye
you. upon righteousness rain and come he till , Lord the seek to time is it for ground: fallow your up break mercy; in reap righteousness, in yourselves to Sow
clods. his break shall Jacob and plow, shall Judah ride; to Ephraim make will I neck: fair her upon over passed I but corn; the out tread to loveth and taught, is that heifer an as is Ephraim And
furrows. two their in themselves bind shall they when them, against gathered be shall people the and them; chastise should I that desire my in is It
them. overtake not did iniquity of children the against Gibeah in battle the stood: they there Gibeah: of days the from sinned hast thou Israel, O
us. on Fall hills, the to and us; Cover mountains, the to say shall they and altars; their on up come shall thistle the and thorn the destroyed: be shall Israel, of sin the Aven, of also places high The
water. the upon foam the as off cut is king her Samaria, for As
counsel. own his of ashamed be shall Israel and shame, receive shall Ephraim Jareb: king to present a for Assyria unto carried also be shall It
it. from departed is it because thereof, glory the for it, on rejoiced that thereof priests the and it, over mourn shall thereof people the for Bethaven: of calves the of because fear shall Samaria of inhabitants The
field. the of furrows the in hemlock as up springeth judgment thus covenant: a making in falsely swearing words, spoken have They
us? to do king a should then what ; Lord the not feared we because king, no have We say, shall they now For
images. their spoil shall he altars, their down break shall he faulty: found be they shall now divided; is heart Their
images. goodly made have they land his of goodness the to according altars; the increased hath he fruit his of multitude the to according himself: unto fruit forth bringeth he vine, empty an is Israel
nations. the among wanderers be shall they and him: unto hearken not did they because away, them cast will God My
womb. their of fruit beloved the even slay I will yet forth, bring they though yea, fruit: no bear shall they up, dried is root their smitten, is Ephraim
revolters. are princes their all more: no them love will I house, mine of out them drive will I doings their of wickedness the for them: hated I there for Gilgal: in is wickedness their All
breasts. dry and womb miscarrying a them give give? thou wilt what : Lord O them, Give
murderer. the to children his forth bring shall Ephraim but place: pleasant a in planted is Tyrus, saw I as Ephraim,
them! from depart I when them to also woe yea, left: man a be not shall there that them, bereave I will yet children, their up bring they Though
conception. the from and womb, the from and birth, the from bird, a like away fly shall glory their Ephraim, for As
loved. they as according were abominations their and shame; that unto themselves separated and Baalpeor, to went they but time: first her at tree fig the in firstripe the as fathers your saw I wilderness; the in grapes like Israel found I
sins. their visit will he iniquity, their remember will he therefore Gibeah: of days the in as themselves, corrupted deeply have They
God. his of house the in hatred and ways, his all in fowler a of snare a is prophet the but God: my with was Ephraim of watchman The
hatred. great the and iniquity, thine of multitude the for mad, is man spiritual the fool, a is prophet the it: know shall Israel come; are recompence of days the come, are visitation of days The
tabernacles. their in be shall thorns them: possess shall nettles silver, their for places pleasant the them: bury shall Memphis up, them gather shall Egypt destruction: of because gone are they lo, For,
? Lord the of feast the of day the in and day, solemn the in do ye will What
. Lord the of house the into come not shall soul their for bread their for polluted: be shall thereof eat that all mourners; of bread the as them unto be shall sacrifices their him: unto pleasing be they shall neither , Lord the to offerings wine offer not shall They
Assyria. in things unclean eat shall they and Egypt, to return shall Ephraim but land; 's Lord the in dwell not shall They
her. in fail shall wine new the and them, feed not shall winepress the and floor The
cornfloor. every upon reward a loved hast thou God, thy from whoring a gone hast thou for people: other as joy, for Israel, O not, Rejoice
thereof. palaces the devour shall it and cities, his upon fire a send will I but cities: fenced multiplied hath Judah and temples; buildeth and Maker, his forgotten hath Israel For
Egypt. to return shall they sins: their visit and iniquity, their remember he will now not; them accepteth Lord the but it; eat and offerings, mine of sacrifices the for flesh sacrifice They
thing. strange a as counted were they but law, my of things great the him to written have I
sin. to him unto be shall altars sin, to altars many made hath Ephraim Because
princes. of king the of burden the for little a sorrow shall they and them, gather I will now nations, the among hired have they though Yea,
lovers. hired hath Ephraim himself: by alone ass wild a Assyria, to up gone are they For
pleasure. no is wherein vessel a as Gentiles the among be they shall now up: swallowed is Israel
up. it swallow shall strangers the yield, it be so if meal: no yield shall bud the stalk; no hath it whirlwind: the reap shall they and wind, the sown have they For
pieces. in broken be shall Samaria of calf the but God: not is it therefore it; made workman the also: it was Israel from For
innocency? to attain they ere be it will long how them: against kindled is anger mine off; thee cast hath Samaria, O calf, Thy
off. cut be may they that idols, them made they have gold their and silver their of not: it knew I and princes, made have they me: by not but kings, up set have They
him. pursue shall enemy the good: is that thing the off cast hath Israel
thee. know we God, My me, unto cry shall Israel
law. my against trespassed and covenant, my transgressed have they because , Lord the of house the against eagle an as come shall He mouth. thy to trumpet the Set
Egypt. of land the in derision their be shall this tongue: their of rage the for sword the by fall shall princes their bow: deceitful a like are they High: most the to not but return, They
me. against mischief imagine they do yet arms, their strengthened and bound have I Though
me. against rebel they and wine, and corn for themselves assemble they beds: their upon howled they when heart, their with me unto cried not have they And
me. against lies spoken have they yet them, redeemed have I though me: against transgressed have they because them! unto destruction me: from fled have they for them! unto Woe
heard. hath congregation their as them, chastise will I heaven; the of fowls the as down them bring will I them; upon net my spread will I go, shall they When
Assyria. to go they Egypt, to call they heart: without dove silly a like is also Ephraim
this. all for him seek nor God, their Lord the to return not do they and face: his to testifieth Israel of pride the And
not. knoweth he yet him, upon there and here are hairs gray yea, not: it knoweth he and strength, his devoured have Strangers
turned. not cake a is Ephraim people; the among himself mixed hath he Ephraim,
me. unto calleth that them among none is there fallen: are kings their all judges; their devoured have and oven, an as hot all are They
fire. flaming a as burneth it morning the in night; the all sleepeth baker their wait: in lie they whiles oven, an like heart their ready made have they For
scorners. with hand his out stretched he wine; of bottles with sick him made have princes the king our of day the In
leavened. be it until dough, the kneaded hath he after raising from ceaseth who baker, the by heated oven an as adulterers, all are They
lies. their with princes the and wickedness, their with glad king the make They
face. my before are they about; them beset have doings own their now wickedness: their all remember I that hearts their in not consider they And
without. spoileth robbers of troop the and in, cometh thief the and falsehood; commit they for Samaria: of wickedness the and discovered, was Ephraim of iniquity the then Israel, healed have would I When
people. my of captivity the returned I when thee, for harvest an set hath he Judah, O Also,
defiled. is Israel Ephraim, of whoredom the is there Israel: of house the in thing horrible an seen have I
lewdness. commit they for consent: by way the in murder priests of company the so man, a for wait robbers of troops as And
blood. with polluted is and iniquity, work that them of city a is Gilead
me. against treacherously dealt they have there covenant: the transgressed have men like they But
offerings. burnt than more God of knowledge the and sacrifice; not and mercy, desired I For
forth. goeth that light the as are judgments thy and mouth: my of words the by them slain have I prophets; the by them hewed I have Therefore
away. goeth it dew early the as and cloud, morning a as is goodness your for thee? unto do I shall what Judah, O thee? unto do I shall what Ephraim, O
earth. the unto rain former and latter the as rain, the as us unto come shall he and morning; the as prepared is forth going his : Lord the know to on follow we if know, we shall Then
sight. his in live shall we and up, us raise will he day third the in us: revive he will days two After
up. us bind will he and smitten, hath he us; heal will he and torn, hath he for : Lord the unto return us let and Come,
early. me seek will they affliction their in face: my seek and offence, their acknowledge they till place, my to return and go will I
him. rescue shall none and away, take will I away; go and tear will I, even I, Judah: of house the to lion young a as and lion, a as Ephraim unto be will I For
wound. your of you cure nor you, heal not he could yet Jareb: king to sent and Assyrian, the to Ephraim went then wound, his saw Judah and sickness, his saw Ephraim When
rottenness. as Judah of house the to and moth, a as Ephraim unto be I will Therefore
commandment. the after walked willingly he because judgment, in broken and oppressed is Ephraim
water. like them upon wrath my out pour will I therefore bound: the remove that them like were Judah of princes The
be. surely shall which that known made I have Israel of tribes the among rebuke: of day the in desolate be shall Ephraim
Benjamin. O thee, after Bethaven, at aloud cry Ramah: in trumpet the and Gibeah, in cornet the ye Blow
portions. their with them devour month a shall now children: strange begotten have they for : Lord the against treacherously dealt have They
them. from himself withdrawn hath he him; find not shall they but ; Lord the seek to herds their with and flocks their with go shall They
them. with fall shall also Judah iniquity: their in fall Ephraim and Israel shall therefore face: his to testify doth Israel of pride the And
. Lord the known not have they and them, of midst the in is whoredoms of spirit the for God: their unto turn to doings their frame not will They
defiled. is Israel and whoredom, committest thou Ephraim, O now, for me: from hid not is Israel and Ephraim, know I
all. them of rebuker a been have I though slaughter, make to profound are revolters the And
Tabor. upon spread net a and Mizpah, on snare a been have ye because you, toward is judgment for king; the of house O ear, ye give and Israel; of house ye hearken, and priests; O this, ye Hear
sacrifices. their of because ashamed be shall they and wings, her in up her bound hath wind The
ye. Give love, do shame with rulers her continually: whoredom committed have they sour: is drink Their
alone. him let idols: to joined is Ephraim
place. large a in lamb a as them feed will Lord the now heifer: backsliding a as back slideth Israel For
liveth. Lord The swear, nor Bethaven, to up ye go neither Gilgal, unto ye not come and offend; Judah not let yet harlot, the play Israel, thou, Though
fall. shall understand not doth that people the therefore harlots: with sacrifice they and whores, with separated are themselves for adultery: commit they when spouses your nor whoredom, commit they when daughters your punish not will I
adultery. commit shall spouses your and whoredom, commit shall daughters your therefore good: is thereof shadow the because elms, and poplars and oaks under hills, the upon incense burn and mountains, the of tops the upon sacrifice They
God. their under from whoring a gone have they and err, to them caused hath whoredoms of spirit the for them: unto declareth staff their and stocks, their at counsel ask people My
heart. the away take wine new and wine and Whoredom
. Lord the to heed take to off left have they because increase: not shall and whoredom, commit shall they enough: have not and eat, shall they For
doings. their them reward and ways, their for them punish will I and priest: like people, like be, shall there And
iniquity. their on heart their set they and people, my of sin the up eat They
shame. into glory their change I will therefore me: against sinned they so increased, were they As
children. thy forget also will I God, thy of law the forgotten hast thou seeing me: to priest no be shalt thou that thee, reject also will I knowledge, rejected hast thou because knowledge: of lack for destroyed are people My
mother. thy destroy will I and night, the in thee with fall shall also prophet the and day, the in fall thou shalt Therefore
priest. the with strive that they as are people thy for another: reprove nor strive, man no let Yet
away. taken be shall also sea the of fishes the yea, heaven; of fowls the with and field, the of beasts the with languish, shall therein dwelleth that one every and mourn, land the shall Therefore
blood. toucheth blood and out, break they adultery, committing and stealing, and killing, and lying, and swearing, By
land. the in God of knowledge nor mercy, nor truth, no is there because land, the of inhabitants the with controversy a hath Lord the for Israel: of children ye , Lord the of word the Hear
days. latter the in goodness his and Lord the fear shall and king; their David and God, their Lord the seek and return, Israel of children the shall Afterward
teraphim: without and ephod, an without and image, an without and sacrifice, a without and prince, a without and king, a without days many abide shall Israel of children the For
thee. for be also I will so man: another for be not shalt thou and harlot, the play not shalt thou days; many me for abide shalt Thou her, unto said I And
barley: of homer half an and barley, of homer an for and silver, of pieces fifteen for me to her bought I So
wine. of flagons love and gods, other to look who Israel, of children the toward Lord the of love the to according adulteress, an yet friend, her of beloved woman a love yet, Go me, unto Lord the said Then
God. my art Thou say, shall they and people; my art Thou people, my not were which them to say will I and mercy; obtained not had that her upon mercy have will I and earth; the in me unto her sow will I And
Jezreel. hear shall they and oil; the and wine, the and corn, the hear shall earth the And
earth; the hear shall they and heavens, the hear will I , Lord the saith hear, will I day, that in pass to come shall it And
. Lord the know shalt thou and faithfulness: in me unto thee betroth even will I
mercies. in and lovingkindness, in and judgment, in and righteousness, in me unto thee betroth will I yea, ever; for me unto thee betroth will I And
safely. down lie to them make will and earth, the of out battle the and sword the and bow the break will I and ground: the of things creeping the with and heaven, of fowls the with and field the of beasts the with them for covenant a make I will day that in And
name. their by remembered be more no shall they and mouth, her of out Baalim of names the away take will I For
Baali. more no me call shalt and Ishi; me call shalt thou that , Lord the saith day, that at be shall it And
Egypt. of land the of out up came she when day the in as and youth, her of days the in as there, sing shall she and hope: of door a for Achor of valley the and thence, from vineyards her her give will I And
her. unto comfortably speak and wilderness, the into her bring and her, allure will I behold, Therefore,
. Lord the saith me, forgat and lovers, her after went she and jewels, her and earrings her with herself decked she and them, to incense burned she wherein Baalim, of days the her upon visit will I And
them. eat shall field the of beasts the and forest, a them make will I and me: given have lovers my that rewards my are These said, hath she whereof trees, fig her and vines her destroy will I And
feasts. solemn her all and sabbaths, her and moons, new her days, feast her cease, to mirth her all cause also will I
hand. mine of out her deliver shall none and lovers, her of sight the in lewdness her discover I will now And
nakedness. her cover to given flax my and wool my recover will and thereof, season the in wine my and thereof, time the in corn my away take and return, I will Therefore
Baal. for prepared they which gold, and silver her multiplied and oil, and wine, and corn, her gave I that know not did she For
now. than me with better it was then for husband; first my to return and go will I say, she shall then them: find not shall but them, seek shall she and them; overtake not shall she but lovers, her after follow shall she And
paths. her find not shall she that wall, a make and thorns, with way thy up hedge will I behold, Therefore,
drink. my and oil mine flax, my and wool my water, my and bread my me give that lovers, my after go will I said, she for shamefully: done hath them conceived that she harlot: the played hath mother their For
whoredoms. of children the be they for children; her upon mercy have not will I And
thirst. with her slay and land, dry a like her set and wilderness, a as her make and born, was she that day the in as her set and naked, her strip I Lest
breasts; her between from adulteries her and sight, her of out whoredoms her away put therefore her let husband: her I am neither wife, my not is she for plead: mother, your with Plead
Ruhamah. sisters, your to and Ammi; brethren, your unto ye Say
Jezreel. of day the be shall great for land: the of out up come shall they and head, one themselves appoint and together, gathered be Israel of children the and Judah of children the shall Then
God. living the of sons the are Ye them, unto said be shall it there people, my not are Ye them, unto said was it where place the in that pass, to come shall it and numbered; nor measured be cannot which sea, the of sand the as be shall Israel of children the of number the Yet
God. your be not will I and people, my not are ye for Loammi: name his Call God, said Then
son. a bare and conceived, she Loruhamah, weaned had she when Now
horsemen. by nor horses, by battle, by nor sword, by nor bow, by them save not will and God, their Lord the by them save will and Judah, of house the upon mercy have will I But
away. them take utterly will I but Israel; of house the upon mercy have more no will I for Loruhamah: name her Call him, unto said God And daughter. a bare and again, conceived she And
Jezreel. of valley the in Israel, of bow the break will I that day, that at pass to come shall it And
Israel. of house the of kingdom the cease to cause will and Jehu, of house the upon Jezreel of blood the avenge will I and while, little a yet for Jezreel; name his Call him, unto said Lord the And
son. a him bare and conceived, which Diblaim; of daughter the Gomer took and went he So
. Lord the from departing whoredom, great committed hath land the for whoredoms: of children and whoredoms of wife a thee unto take Go, Hosea, to said Lord the And Hosea. by Lord the of word the of beginning The
Israel. of king Joash, of son the Jeroboam of days the in and Judah, of kings Hezekiah, and Ahaz, Jotham, Uzziah, of days the in Beeri, of son the Hosea, unto came that Lord the of word The
Hosea
days. the of end the at lot thy in stand and rest, shalt thou for be: end the till way thy thou go But
days. thirty and five and hundred three thousand the to cometh and waiteth, that he is Blessed
days. ninety and hundred two thousand a be shall there up, set desolate maketh that abomination the and away, taken be shall sacrifice daily the that time the from And
understand. shall wise the but understand; shall wicked the of none and wickedly: do shall wicked the but tried; and white, made and purified, be shall Many
end. the of time the till sealed and up closed are words the for Daniel: way, thy Go said, he And
things? these of end the be shall what Lord, my O I, said then not: understood I but heard, I And
finished. be shall things these all people, holy the of power the scatter to accomplished have shall he when and half; an and times, time, a for be shall it that ever for liveth that him by sware and heaven, unto hand left his and hand right his up held he when river, the of waters the upon was which linen, in clothed man the heard I And
wonders? these of end the to be it shall long How river, the of waters the upon was which linen, in clothed man the to said one And
river. the of bank the of side that on other the and river, the of bank the of side this on one the two, other stood there behold, and, looked, Daniel I Then
increased. be shall knowledge and fro, and to run shall many end: the of time the to even book, the seal and words, the up shut Daniel, O thou, But
ever. and ever for stars the as righteousness to many turn that they and firmament; the of brightness the as shine shall wise be that they And
contempt. everlasting and shame to some and life, everlasting to some awake, shall earth the of dust the in sleep that them of many And
book. the in written found be shall that one every delivered, be shall people thy time that at and time: same that to even nation a was there since was never as such trouble, of time a be shall there and people: thy of children the for standeth which prince great the up, stand Michael shall time that at And
him. help shall none and end, his to come shall he yet mountain; holy glorious the in seas the between palace his of tabernacles the plant shall he And
many. away make to utterly and destroy, to fury great with forth go shall he therefore him: trouble shall north the of out and east the of out tidings But
steps. his at be shall Ethiopians the and Libyans the and Egypt: of things precious the all over and silver, of and gold of treasures the over power have shall he But
escape. not shall Egypt of land the and countries: the upon also hand his forth stretch shall He
Ammon. of children the of chief the and Moab, and Edom, even hand, his of out escape shall these but overthrown: be shall countries many and land, glorious the into also enter shall He
over. pass and overflow shall and countries, the into enter shall he and ships; many with and horsemen, with and chariots, with whirlwind, a like him against come shall north the of king the and him: at push south the of king the shall end the of time the at And
gain. for land the divide shall and many, over rule to them cause shall he and glory: with increase and acknowledge shall he whom god, strange a with holds strong most the in do he shall Thus
things. pleasant and stones, precious with and silver, and gold, with honour he shall not knew fathers his whom god a and forces: of God the honour he shall estate his in But
all. above himself magnify shall he for god: any regard nor women, of desire the nor fathers, his of God the regard he shall Neither
done. be shall determined is that that for accomplished: be indignation the till prosper shall and gods, of God the against things marvellous speak shall and god, every above himself magnify and himself, exalt shall he and will; his to according do shall king the And
appointed. time a for yet is it because end: the of time the to even white, them make to and purge, to and them, try to fall, shall understanding of them of some And
flatteries. with them to cleave shall many but help: little a with holpen be shall they fall, shall they when Now
days. many spoil, by and captivity, by flame, by and sword, the by fall shall they yet many: instruct shall people the among understand that they And
exploits. do and strong, be shall God their know do that people the but flatteries: by corrupt he shall covenant the against wickedly do as such And
desolate. maketh that abomination the place shall they and sacrifice, daily the away take shall and strength, of sanctuary the pollute shall they and part, his on stand shall arms And
covenant. holy the forsake that them with intelligence have and return, even shall he do; he shall so covenant: holy the against indignation have and return, and grieved, be shall he therefore him: against come shall Chittim of ships the For
latter. the as or former, the as be not shall it but south; the toward come and return, shall he appointed time the At
land. own his to return and exploits, do shall he and covenant; holy the against be shall heart his and riches; great with land his into return he shall Then
appointed. time the at be shall end the yet for prosper: not shall it but table; one at lies speak shall they and mischief, do to be shall hearts kings' these of both And
slain. down fall shall many and overflow: shall army his and him, destroy shall meat his of portion the of feed that they Yea,
him. against devices forecast shall they for stand: not shall he but army; mighty and great very a with battle to up stirred be shall south the of king the and army; great a with south the of king the against courage his and power his up stir shall he And
time. a for even holds, strong the against devices his forecast shall he and yea, riches: and spoil, and prey, the them among scatter shall he fathers; fathers' his nor done, not have fathers his which that do shall he and province; the of places fattest the upon even peaceably enter shall He
people. small a with strong become shall and up, come shall he for deceitfully: work shall he him with made league the after And
covenant. the of prince the also yea, broken; be shall and him, before from overflown be they shall flood a of arms the with And
flatteries. by kingdom the obtain and peaceably, in come shall he but kingdom: the of honour the give not shall they whom to person, vile a up stand shall estate his in And
battle. in nor anger, in neither destroyed, be shall he days few within but kingdom: the of glory the in taxes of raiser a estate his in up stand shall Then
found. be not and fall, and stumble shall he but land: own his of fort the toward face his turn shall he Then
him. upon turn to it cause shall he reproach own his without cease; to him by offered reproach the cause shall behalf own his for prince a but many: take shall and isles, the unto face his turn he shall this After
him. for be neither side, his on stand not shall she but her: corrupting women, of daughter the him give shall he and do: he shall thus him; with ones upright and kingdom, whole his of strength the with enter to face his set also shall He
consumed. be shall hand his by which land, glorious the in stand shall he and him: before stand shall none and will, own his to according do shall him against cometh that he But
withstand. to strength any be there shall neither people, chosen his neither withstand, not shall south the of arms the and cities: fenced most the take and mount, a up cast and come, shall north the of king the So
fall. shall they but vision; the establish to themselves exalt shall people thy of robbers the also south: the of king the against up stand many shall there times those in And
riches. much with and army great a with years certain after come certainly shall and former, the than greater multitude a forth set shall and return, shall north the of king the For
it. by strengthened be not shall he but thousands: ten many down cast shall he and up; lifted be shall heart his multitude, the away taken hath he when And
hand. his into given be shall multitude the but multitude; great a forth set shall he and north: the of king the with even him, with fight and forth come shall and choler, with moved be shall south the of king the And
fortress. his to even up, stirred be and return, he shall then through: pass and overflow, and come, certainly shall one and forces: great of multitude a assemble shall and up, stirred be shall sons his But
land. own his into return shall and kingdom, his into come shall south the of king the So
north. the of king the than years more continue shall he and gold; of and silver of vessels precious their with and princes, their with gods, their Egypt into captives carry also shall And
prevail: shall and them, against deal shall and north, the of king the of fortress the into enter shall and army, an with come shall which estate, his in up stand one shall roots her of branch a of out But
times. these in her strengthened that he and her, begat that he and her, brought that they and up, given be shall she but arm: his nor stand, he shall neither arm; the of power the retain not shall she but agreement: an make to north the of king the to come shall south the of daughter king's the for together; themselves join shall they years of end the in And
dominion. great a be shall dominion his dominion; have and him, above strong be shall he and princes; his of one and strong, be shall south the of king the And
those. beside others for even up, plucked be shall kingdom his for ruled: he which dominion his to according nor posterity, his to not and heaven; of winds four the toward divided be shall and broken, be shall kingdom his up, stand shall he when And
will. his to according do and dominion, great with rule shall that up, stand shall king mighty a And
Grecia. of realm the against all up stir shall he riches his through strength his by and all: they than richer far be shall fourth the and Persia; in kings three yet up stand shall there Behold, truth. the thee shew I will now And
him. strengthen to and confirm to stood I, even Mede, the Darius of year first the in I Also
prince. your Michael but things, these in me with holdeth that none is there and truth: of scripture the in noted is which that thee shew will I But
come. shall Grecia of prince the lo, forth, gone am I when and Persia: of prince the with fight to return I will now and thee? unto come I wherefore thou Knowest he, said Then
me. strengthened hast thou for speak; lord my Let said, and strengthened, was I me, unto spoken had he when And strong. be yea, strong, be thee, unto be peace not: fear beloved, greatly man O said, And
me, strengthened he and man, a of appearance the like one me touched and again came there Then
me. in left breath there is neither me, in strength no remained there straightway me, for as for lord? my this with talk lord my this of servant the can how For
strength. no retained have I and me, upon turned are sorrows my vision the by lord, my O me, before stood that him unto said and spake, and mouth, my opened I then lips: my touched men of sons the of similitude the like one behold, And,
dumb. became I and ground, the toward face my set I me, unto words such spoken had he when And
days. many for is vision the yet for days: latter the in people thy befall shall what understand thee make to come am I Now
Persia. of kings the with there remained I and me; help to came princes, chief the of one Michael, lo, but, days: twenty and one me withstood Persia of kingdom the of prince the But
words. thy for come am I and heard, were words thy God, thy before thyself chasten to and understand, to heart thine set didst thou that day first the from for Daniel: not, Fear me, unto he said Then
trembling. stood I me, unto word this spoken had he when And sent. now I am thee unto for upright: stand and thee, unto speak I that words the understand beloved, greatly man a Daniel, O me, unto said he And
hands. my of palms the upon and knees my upon me set which me, touched hand an behold, And,
ground. the toward face my and face, my on sleep deep a in I was then words, his of voice the heard I when and words: his of voice the I heard Yet
strength. no retained I and corruption, into me in turned was comeliness my for me: in strength no remained there and vision, great this saw and alone, left was I Therefore
themselves. hide to fled they that so them, upon fell quaking great a but vision; the not saw me with were that men the for vision: the saw alone Daniel I And
multitude. a of voice the like words his of voice the and brass, polished to colour in like feet his and arms his and fire, of lamps as eyes his and lightning, of appearance the as face his and beryl, the like was also body His
Uphaz: of gold fine with girded were loins whose linen, in clothed man certain a behold and looked, and eyes, mine up lifted I Then
Hiddekel; is which river, great the of side the by was I as month, first the of day twentieth and four the in And
fulfilled. were weeks whole three till all, at myself anoint I did neither mouth, my in wine nor flesh came neither bread, pleasant no ate I
weeks. full three mourning was Daniel I days those In
vision. the of understanding had and thing, the understood he and long: was appointed time the but true, was thing the and Belteshazzar; called was name whose Daniel, unto revealed was thing a Persia of king Cyrus of year third the In
desolate. the upon poured be shall determined that and consummation, the until even desolate, it make shall he abominations of overspreading the for and cease, to oblation the and sacrifice the cause shall he week the of midst the in and week: one for many with covenant the confirm shall he And
determined. are desolations war the of end the unto and flood, a with be shall thereof end the and sanctuary; the and city the destroy shall come shall that prince the of people the and himself: for not but off, cut be Messiah shall weeks two and threescore after And
times. troublous in even wall, the and again, built be shall street the weeks: two and threescore and weeks, seven be shall Prince the Messiah the unto Jerusalem build to and restore to commandment the of forth going the from that understand, and therefore Know
Holy. most the anoint to and prophecy, and vision the up seal to and righteousness, everlasting in bring to and iniquity, for reconciliation make to and sins, of end an make to and transgression, the finish to city, holy thy upon and people thy upon determined are weeks Seventy
vision. the consider and matter, the understand therefore beloved: greatly art thou for thee; shew to come am I and forth, came commandment the supplications thy of beginning the At
understanding. and skill thee give to forth come now am I Daniel, O said, and me, with talked and me, informed he And
oblation. evening the of time the about me touched swiftly, fly to caused being beginning, the at vision the in seen had I whom Gabriel, man the even prayer, in speaking was I whiles Yea,
God; my of mountain holy the for God my Lord the before supplication my presenting and Israel, people my of sin the and sin my confessing and praying, and speaking, was I whiles And
name. thy by called are people thy and city thy for God: my O sake, own thine for not, defer do; and hearken Lord, O forgive; Lord, O hear; Lord, O
mercies. great thy for but righteousnesses, our for thee before supplications our present not do we for name: thy by called is which city the and desolations, our behold and eyes, thine open hear; and ear, thine incline God, my O
sake. Lord's the for desolate, is that sanctuary thy upon shine to face thy cause and supplications, his and servant, thy of prayer the hear God, our O therefore, Now
us. about are that all to reproach a become are people thy and Jerusalem fathers, our of iniquities the for and sins, our for because mountain: holy thy Jerusalem, city thy from away turned be fury thy and anger thine let thee, beseech I righteousness, thy all to according , Lord O
wickedly. done have we sinned, have we day; this at as renown, thee gotten hast and hand, mighty a with Egypt of land the of out forth people thy brought hast that God, our Lord O now, And
voice. his not obeyed we for doeth: he which works his all in righteous is God our Lord the for us: upon it brought and evil, the upon watched Lord the hath Therefore
truth. thy understand and iniquities, our from turn might we that God, our Lord the before prayer our not we made yet us: upon come is evil this all Moses, of law the in written is it As
Jerusalem. upon done been hath as done been not hath heaven whole the under for evil: great a us upon bringing by us, judged that judges our against and us, against spake he which words, his confirmed hath he And
him. against sinned have we because God, of servant the Moses of law the in written is that oath the and us, upon poured is curse the therefore voice; thy obey not might they that departing, by even law, thy transgressed have Israel all Yea,
prophets. the servants his by us before set he which laws, his in walk to God, our Lord the of voice the obeyed we have Neither
him; against rebelled have we though forgivenesses, and mercies belong God our Lord the To
thee. against sinned have we because fathers, our to and princes, our to kings, our to face, of confusion belongeth us to Lord, O
thee. against trespassed have they that trespass their of because them, driven hast thou whither countries the all through off, far are that and near, are that Israel, all unto and Jerusalem, of inhabitants the to and Judah, of men the to day; this at as faces, of confusion us unto but thee, unto belongeth righteousness , Lord O
land. the of people the all to and fathers, our and princes, our kings, our to name thy in spake which prophets, the servants thy unto hearkened we have Neither
judgments: thy from and precepts thy from departing by even rebelled, have and wickedly, done have and iniquity, committed have and sinned, have We
commandments; his keep that them to and him, love that them to mercy and covenant the keeping God, dreadful and great the Lord, O said, and confession, my made and God, my Lord the unto prayed I And
ashes: and sackcloth, and fasting, with supplications, and prayer by seek to God, Lord the unto face my set I And
Jerusalem. of desolations the in years seventy accomplish would he that prophet, the Jeremiah to came Lord the of word the whereof years, the of number the books by understood Daniel I reign his of year first the In
Chaldeans; the of realm the over king made was which Medes, the of seed the of Ahasuerus, of son the Darius of year first the In
it. understood none but vision, the at astonished was I and business; king's the did and up, rose I afterward days; certain sick was and fainted, Daniel I And
days. many for be shall it for vision; the up thou shut wherefore true: is told was which morning the and evening the of vision the And
hand. without broken be shall he but princes; of Prince the against up stand also shall he many: destroy shall peace by and heart, his in himself magnify shall he and hand; his in prosper to craft cause shall he also policy his through And
people. holy the and mighty the destroy shall and practise, and prosper, shall and wonderfully, destroy shall he and power: own his by not but mighty, be shall power his And
up. stand shall sentences, dark understanding and countenance, fierce of king a full, the to come are transgressors the when kingdom, their of time latter the in And
power. his in not but nation, the of out up stand shall kingdoms four it, for up stood four whereas broken, being that Now
king. first the is eyes his between is that horn great the and Grecia: of king the is goat rough the And
Persia. and Media of kings the are horns two having sawest thou which ram The
be. shall end the appointed time the at for indignation: the of end last the in be shall what know thee make will I Behold, said, he And
upright. me set and me, touched he but ground: the toward face my on sleep deep a in was I me, with speaking was he as Now
vision. the be shall end the of time the at for man: of son O Understand, me, unto said he but face: my upon fell and afraid, was I came, he when and stood: I where near came he So
vision. the understand to man this make Gabriel, said, and called, which Ulai, of banks the between voice man's a heard I And
man. a of appearance the as me before stood there behold, then, meaning, the for sought and vision, the seen had Daniel, I even I, when pass, to came it And
cleansed. be sanctuary the shall then days; hundred three and thousand two Unto me, unto said he And
foot? under trodden be to host the and sanctuary the both give to desolation, of transgression the and sacrifice, daily the concerning vision the be shall long How spake, which saint certain that unto said saint another and speaking, saint one heard I Then
prospered. and practised, it and ground; the to truth the down cast it and transgression, of reason by sacrifice daily the against him given was host an And
down. cast was sanctuary the of place the and away, taken was sacrifice daily the him by and host, the of prince the to even himself magnified he Yea,
them. upon stamped and ground, the to stars the of and host the of some down cast it and heaven; of host the to even great, waxed it And
land. pleasant the toward and east, the toward and south, the toward great, exceeding waxed which horn, little a forth came them of one of out And
heaven. of winds four the toward ones notable four up came it for and broken; was horn great the strong, was he when and great: very waxed goat he the Therefore
hand. his of out ram the deliver could that none was there and him: upon stamped and ground, the to down him cast he but him, before stand to ram the in power no was there and horns: two his brake and ram, the smote and him, against choler with moved was he and ram, the unto close come him saw I And
power. his of fury the in him unto ran and river, the before standing seen had I which horns, two had that ram the to came he And
eyes. his between horn notable a had goat the and ground: the not touched and earth, whole the of face the on west the from came goat he an behold, considering, was I as And
great. became and will, his to according did he but hand; his of out deliver could that any there was neither him, before stand might beasts no that so southward; and northward, and westward, pushing ram the saw I
last. up came higher the and other, the than higher was one but high; were horns two the and horns: two had which ram a river the before stood there behold, and, saw, and eyes, mine up lifted I Then
Ulai. of river the by was I and vision, a in saw I and Elam; of province the in is which palace, the in Shushan at was I that saw, I when pass, to came it and vision; a in saw I And
first. the at me unto appeared which that after Daniel, me unto even me, unto appeared vision a Belshazzar king of reign the of year third the In
heart. my in matter the kept I but me: in changed countenance my and me, troubled much cogitations my Daniel, me for As matter. the of end the is Hitherto
him. obey and serve shall dominions all and kingdom, everlasting an is kingdom whose High, most the of saints the of people the to given be shall heaven, whole the under kingdom the of greatness the and dominion, and kingdom the And
end. the unto it destroy to and consume to dominion, his away take shall they and sit, shall judgment the But
time. of dividing the and times and time a until hand his into given be shall they and laws: and times change to think and High, most the of saints the out wear shall and High, most the against words great speak shall he And
kings. three subdue shall he and first, the from diverse be shall he and them; after rise shall another and arise: shall that kings ten are kingdom this of out horns ten the And
pieces. in it break and down, it tread shall and earth, whole the devour shall and kingdoms, all from diverse be shall which earth, upon kingdom fourth the be shall beast fourth The said, he Thus
kingdom. the possessed saints the that came time the and High; most the of saints the to given was judgment and came, days of Ancient the Until
them; against prevailed and saints, the with war made horn same the and beheld, I
fellows. his than stout more was look whose things, great very spake that mouth a and eyes, had that horn that of even fell; three whom before and up, came which other the of and head, his in were that horns ten the of And
feet; his with residue the stamped and pieces, in brake devoured, which brass; of nails his and iron, of were teeth whose dreadful, exceeding others, the all from diverse was which beast, fourth the of truth the know would I Then
ever. and ever for even ever, for kingdom the possess and kingdom, the take shall High most the of saints the But
earth. the of out arise shall which kings, four are four, are which beasts, great These
things. the of interpretation the know me made and me, told he So this. all of truth the him asked and by, stood that them of one unto near came I
me. troubled head my of visions the and body, my of midst the in spirit my in grieved was Daniel I
destroyed. be not shall which that kingdom his and away, pass not shall which dominion, everlasting an is dominion his him: serve should languages, and nations, people, all that kingdom, a and glory, and dominion, him given was there And
him. before near him brought they and days, of Ancient the to came and heaven, of clouds the with came man of Son the like one behold, and, visions, night the in saw I
time. and season a for prolonged were lives their yet away: taken dominion their had they beasts, the of rest the concerning As
flame. burning the to given and destroyed, body his and slain, was beast the till even beheld I spake: horn the which words great the of voice the of because then beheld I
opened. were books the and set, was judgment the him: before stood thousand ten times thousand ten and him, unto ministered thousands thousand him: before from forth came and issued stream fiery A
fire. burning as wheels his and flame, fiery the like was throne his wool: pure the like head his of hair the and snow, as white was garment whose sit, did days of Ancient the and down, cast were thrones the till beheld I
things. great speaking mouth a and man, of eyes the like eyes were horn this in behold, and, roots: the by up plucked horns first the of three were there whom before horn, little another them among up came there behold, and, horns, the considered I
horns. ten had it and it; before were that beasts the all from diverse was it and it: of feet the with residue the stamped and pieces, in brake and devoured it teeth: iron great had it and exceedingly; strong and terrible, and dreadful beast, fourth a behold and visions, night the in saw I this After
it. to given was dominion and heads; four also had beast the fowl; a of wings four it of back the upon had which leopard, a like another, lo and beheld, I this After
flesh. much devour Arise, it, unto thus said they and it: of teeth the between it of mouth the in ribs three had it and side, one on itself up raised it and bear, a to like second, a beast, another behold And
it. to given was heart man's a and man, a as feet the upon stand made and earth, the from up lifted was it and plucked, were thereof wings the till beheld I wings: eagle's had and lion, a like was first The
another. from one diverse sea, the from up came beasts great four And
sea. great the upon strove heaven the of winds four the behold, and, night, by vision my in saw I said, and spake Daniel
matters. the of sum the told and dream, the wrote he then bed: his upon head his of visions and dream a had Daniel Babylon of king Belshazzar of year first the In
Persian. the Cyrus of reign the in and Darius, of reign the in prospered Daniel this So
lions. the of power the from Daniel delivered hath who earth, in and heaven in wonders and signs worketh he and rescueth, and delivereth He
end. the unto even be shall dominion his and destroyed, be not shall which that kingdom his and ever, for stedfast and God, living the is he for Daniel: of God the before fear and tremble men kingdom my of dominion every in That decree, a make I
you. unto multiplied be Peace earth; the all in dwell that languages, and nations, people, all unto wrote Darius king Then
den. the of bottom the at came they ever or pieces in bones their all brake and them, of mastery the had lions the and wives; their and children, their them, lions, of den the into them cast they and Daniel, accused had which men those brought they and commanded, king the And
God. his in believed he because him, upon found was hurt of manner no and den, the of out up taken was Daniel So den. the of out up Daniel take should they that commanded and him, for glad exceedingly king the was Then
hurt. no done I have king, O thee, before also and me; in found was innocency him before as forasmuch me: hurt not have they that mouths, lions' the shut hath and angel, his sent hath God My
ever. for live king, O king, the unto Daniel said Then
lions? the from thee deliver to able continually, servest thou whom God, thy is God, living the of servant Daniel, O Daniel, to said and spake king the and Daniel: unto voice lamentable a with cried he den, the to came he when And
lions. of den the unto haste in went and morning, the in early very arose king the Then
him. from went sleep his and him: before brought musick of instruments were neither fasting: night the passed and palace, his to went king the Then
Daniel. concerning changed be not might purpose the that lords; his of signet the with and signet, own his with it sealed king the and den; the of mouth the upon laid and brought, was stone a And
thee. deliver will he continually, servest thou whom God Thy Daniel, unto said and spake king the Now lions. of den the into him cast and Daniel, brought they and commanded, king the Then
changed. be may establisheth king the which statute nor decree no That is, Persians and Medes the of law the that king, O Know, king, the unto said and king, the unto assembled men these Then
him. deliver to sun the of down going the till laboured he and him: deliver to Daniel on heart his set and himself, with displeased sore was words, these heard he when king, the Then
day. a times three petition his maketh but signed, hast thou that decree the nor king, O thee, not regardeth Judah, of captivity the of children the of is which Daniel, That king, the before said and they answered Then
not. altereth which Persians, and Medes the of law the to according true, is thing The said, and answered king The lions? of den the into cast be shall king, O thee, of save days, thirty within man or God any of petition a ask shall that man every that decree, a signed not thou Hast decree; king's the concerning king the before spake and near, came they Then
God. his before supplication making and praying Daniel found and assembled, men these Then
aforetime. did he as God, his before thanks gave and prayed, and day, a times three knees his upon kneeled he Jerusalem, toward chamber his in open being windows his and house; his into went he signed, was writing the that knew Daniel when Now
decree. the and writing the signed Darius king Wherefore
not. altereth which Persians, and Medes the of law the to according changed, not be it that writing, the sign and decree, the establish king, O Now,
lions. of den the into cast be shall he king, O thee, of save days, thirty for man or God any of petition a ask shall whosoever that decree, firm a make to and statute, royal a establish to together consulted have captains, the and counsellors, the princes, the and governors, the kingdom, the of presidents the All
ever. for live Darius, King him, unto thus said and king, the to together assembled princes and presidents these Then
God. his of law the concerning him against it find we except Daniel, this against occasion any find not shall We men, these said Then
him. in found fault or error any there was neither faithful, was he as forasmuch fault; nor occasion none find could they but kingdom; the concerning Daniel against occasion find to sought princes and presidents the Then
realm. whole the over him set to thought king the and him; in was spirit excellent an because princes, and presidents the above preferred was Daniel this Then
damage. no have should king the and them, unto accounts give might princes the that first: was Daniel whom of presidents; three these over And
kingdom; whole the over be should which princes, twenty and hundred an kingdom the over set to Darius pleased It
old. years two and threescore about being kingdom, the took Median the Darius And
slain. Chaldeans the of king the Belshazzar was night that In
kingdom. the in ruler third the be should he that him, concerning proclamation a made and neck, his about gold of chain a put and scarlet, with Daniel clothed they and Belshazzar, commanded Then
Persians. and Medes the to given and divided, is kingdom Thy ; Peres
wanting. found art and balances, the in weighed art Thou ; Tekel
it. finished and kingdom, thy numbered hath God ; Mene thing: the of interpretation the is This
. Upharsin Tekel, Mene, Mene, written, was that writing the is this And
written. was writing this and him; from sent hand the of part the was Then
glorified: not thou hast ways, thy all are whose and is, breath thy hand whose in God the and know: nor hear, nor not, see which stone, and wood, iron, brass, of gold, and silver, of gods the praised hast thou and them; in wine drunk have concubines, thy and wives, thy lords, thy and thou, and thee, before house his of vessels the brought have they and heaven; of Lord the against thyself up lifted hast But
this; all knewest thou though heart, thine humbled not hast Belshazzar, O son, his thou And
will. he whomsoever it over appointeth he that and men, of kingdom the in ruled God high most the that knew he till heaven; of dew the with wet was body his and oxen, like grass with him fed they asses: wild the with was dwelling his and beasts, the like made was heart his and men; of sons the from driven was he And
him: from glory his took they and throne, kingly his from deposed was he pride, in hardened mind his and up, lifted was heart his when But
down. put he would he whom and up; set he would he whom and alive; kept he would he whom and slew; he would he whom him: before feared and trembled languages, and nations, people, all him, gave he that majesty the for And
honour: and glory, and majesty, and kingdom, a father thy Nebuchadnezzar gave God high most the king, thou O
interpretation. the him to known make and king, the unto writing the read will I yet another; to rewards thy give and thyself, to be gifts thy Let king, the before said and answered Daniel Then
kingdom. the in ruler third the be shalt and neck, thy about gold of chain a have and scarlet, with clothed be shalt thou thereof, interpretation the me to known make and writing, the read canst thou if now doubts: dissolve and interpretations, make canst thou that thee, of heard have I And
thing: the of interpretation the shew not could they but thereof: interpretation the me unto known make and writing, this read should they that me, before in brought been have astrologers, the men, wise the now And
thee. in found is wisdom excellent and understanding and light that and thee, in is gods the of spirit the that thee, of heard even have I
Jewry? of out brought father my king the whom Judah, of captivity the of children the of art which Daniel, that thou Art Daniel, unto said and spake king the And king. the before in brought Daniel was Then
interpretation. the shew will he and called, be Daniel let now Belteshazzar: named king the whom Daniel, same the in found were doubts, of dissolving and sentences, hard of shewing and dreams, of interpreting understanding, and knowledge, and spirit, excellent an as Forasmuch
soothsayers; and Chaldeans, astrologers, magicians, the of master made father, thy say, I king, the father, thy Nebuchadnezzar king the whom him; in found was gods, the of wisdom the like wisdom, and understanding and light father thy of days the in and gods; holy the of spirit the is whom in kingdom, thy in man a is There
changed: be countenance thy let nor thee, trouble thoughts thy not let ever: for live king, O said, and spake queen the and house: banquet the into came lords his and king the of words the of reason by queen the Now
astonied. were lords his and him, in changed was countenance his and troubled, greatly Belshazzar king was Then
thereof. interpretation the king the to known make nor writing, the read not could they but men: wise king's the all in came Then
kingdom. the in ruler third the be shall and neck, his about gold of chain a have and scarlet, with clothed be shall thereof, interpretation the me shew and writing, this read shall Whosoever Babylon, of men wise the to said and spake, king the And soothsayers. the and Chaldeans, the astrologers, the in bring to aloud cried king The
another. against one smote knees his and loosed, were loins his of joints the that so him, troubled thoughts his and changed, was countenance king's the Then
wrote. that hand the of part the saw king the and palace: king's the of wall the of plaister the upon candlestick the against over wrote and hand, man's a of fingers forth came hour same the In
stone. of and wood, of iron, of brass, of silver, of and gold, of gods the praised and wine, drank They
them. in drank concubines, his and wives, his princes, his and king, the and Jerusalem; at was which God of house the of temple the of out taken were that vessels golden the brought they Then
therein. drink might concubines, his and wives, his princes, his and king, the that Jerusalem; in was which temple the of out taken had Nebuchadnezzar father his which vessels silver and golden the bring to commanded wine, the tasted he whiles Belshazzar,
thousand. the before wine drank and lords, his of thousand a to feast great a made king the Belshazzar
abase. to able is he pride in walk that those and judgment: ways his and truth, are works whose all heaven, of King the honour and extol and praise Nebuchadnezzar I Now
me. unto added was majesty excellent and kingdom, my in established was I and me; unto sought lords my and counsellors my and me; unto returned brightness and honour mine kingdom, my of glory the for and me; unto returned reason my time same the At
thou? doest What him, unto say or hand, his stay can none and earth: the of inhabitants the among and heaven, of army the in will his to according doeth he and nothing: as reputed are earth the of inhabitants the all And
generation: to generation from is kingdom his and dominion, everlasting an is dominion whose ever, for liveth that him honoured and praised I and High, most the blessed I and me, unto returned understanding mine and heaven, unto eyes mine up lifted Nebuchadnezzar I days the of end the at And
claws. birds' like nails his and feathers, eagles' like grown were hairs his till heaven, of dew the with wet was body his and oxen, as grass eat did and men, from driven was he and Nebuchadnezzar: upon fulfilled thing the was hour same The
will. he whomsoever to it giveth and men, of kingdom the in ruleth High most the that know thou until thee, over pass shall times seven and oxen, as grass eat to thee make shall they field: the of beasts the with be shall dwelling thy and men, from thee drive shall they And
thee. from departed is kingdom The spoken; is it thee to Nebuchadnezzar, king O saying, heaven, from voice a fell there mouth, king's the in was word the While
majesty? my of honour the for and power, my of might the by kingdom the of house the for built have I that Babylon, great this not Is said, and spake, king The
Babylon. of kingdom the of palace the in walked he months twelve of end the At
Nebuchadnezzar. king the upon came this All
tranquillity. thy of lengthening a be may it if poor; the to mercy shewing by iniquities thine and righteousness, by sins thy off break and thee, unto acceptable be counsel my let king, O Wherefore,
rule. do heavens the that known have shalt thou that after thee, unto sure be shall kingdom thy roots; tree the of stump the leave to commanded they whereas And
will. he whomsoever to it giveth and men, of kingdom the in ruleth High most the that know thou till thee, over pass shall times seven and heaven, of dew the with thee wet shall they and oxen, as grass eat to thee make shall they and field, the of beasts the with be shall dwelling thy and men, from thee drive shall they That
king: the lord my upon come is which High, most the of decree the is this and king, O interpretation, the is This
him; over pass times seven till field, the of beasts the with be portion his let and heaven, of dew the with wet be it let and field; the of grass tender the in brass, and iron of band a with even earth, the in thereof roots the of stump the leave yet it; destroy and down, tree the Hew saying, and heaven, from down coming one holy an and watcher a saw king the whereas And
earth. the of end the to dominion thy and heaven, unto reacheth and grown, is greatness thy for strong: become and grown art that king, O thou, is It
habitation: their had heaven the of fowls the branches whose upon and dwelt, field the of beasts the which under all; for meat was it in and much, thereof fruit the and fair, were leaves Whose
earth; the all to thereof sight the and heaven, the unto reached height whose strong, was and grew, which sawest, thou that tree The
enemies. thine to thereof interpretation the and thee, hate that them to be dream the lord, My said, and answered Belteshazzar thee. trouble thereof, interpretation the or dream, the not let Belteshazzar, said, and spake, king The him. troubled thoughts his and hour, one for astonied was Belteshazzar, was name whose Daniel, Then
thee. in is gods holy the of spirit the for able; art thou but interpretation: the me unto known make to able not are kingdom my of men wise the all as forasmuch thereof, interpretation the declare Belteshazzar, O thou, Now seen. have Nebuchadnezzar king I dream This
men. of basest the it over up setteth and will, he whomsoever to it giveth and men, of kingdom the in ruleth High most the that know may living the that intent the to ones: holy the of word the by demand the and watchers, the of decree the by is matter This
him. over pass times seven let and him; unto given be heart beast's a let and man's, from changed be heart his Let
earth: the of grass the in beasts the with be portion his let and heaven, of dew the with wet be it let and field; the of grass tender the in brass, and iron of band a with even earth, the in roots his of stump the leave Nevertheless
branches: his from fowls the and it, under from away get beasts the let fruit: his scatter and leaves, his off shake branches, his off cut and tree, the down Hew thus, said and aloud, cried He
heaven; from down came one holy an and watcher a behold, and, bed, my upon head my of visions the in saw I
it. of fed was flesh all and thereof, boughs the in dwelt heaven the of fowls the and it, under shadow had field the of beasts the all: for meat was it in and much, thereof fruit the and fair, were thereof leaves The
earth: the all of end the to thereof sight the and heaven, unto reached thereof height the and strong, was and grew, tree The
great. was thereof height the and earth, the of midst the in tree a behold and saw, I bed; my in head mine of visions the were Thus
thereof. interpretation the and seen, have I that dream my of visions the me tell thee, troubleth secret no and thee, in is gods holy the of spirit the that know I because magicians, the of master Belteshazzar, O
saying, dream, the told I him before and gods: holy the of spirit the is whom in and God, my of name the to according Belteshazzar, was name whose me, before in came Daniel last the at But
thereof. interpretation the me unto known make not did they but them; before dream the told I and soothsayers: the and Chaldeans, the astrologers, the magicians, the in came Then
dream. the of interpretation the me unto known make might they that me, before Babylon of men wise the all in bring to decree a I made Therefore
me. troubled head my of visions the and bed my upon thoughts the and afraid, me made which dream a saw I
palace: my in flourishing and house, mine in rest at was Nebuchadnezzar I
generation. to generation from is dominion his and kingdom, everlasting an is kingdom his wonders! his are mighty how and signs! his are great How
me. toward wrought hath God high the that wonders and signs the shew to good it thought I
you. unto multiplied be Peace earth; the all in dwell that languages, and nations, people, all unto king, the Nebuchadnezzar
Babylon. of province the in Abednego, and Meshach, Shadrach, promoted king the Then
sort. this after deliver can that God other no is there because dunghill: a made be shall houses their and pieces, in cut be shall Abednego, and Meshach, Shadrach, of God the against amiss thing any speak which language, and nation, people, every That decree, a make I Therefore
God. own their except god, any worship nor serve not might they that bodies, their yielded and word, king's the changed have and him, in trusted that servants his delivered and angel, his sent hath who Abednego, and Meshach, Shadrach, of God the be Blessed said, and spake, Nebuchadnezzar Then
them. on passed had fire of smell the nor changed, coats their were neither singed, head their of hair an was nor power, no had fire the bodies whose upon men, these saw together, gathered being counsellors, king's the and captains, and governors, princes, the And
fire. the of midst the of forth came Abednego, and Meshach, Shadrach, Then hither. come and forth, come God, high most the of servants ye Abednego, and Meshach, Shadrach, said, and spake, and furnace, fiery burning the of mouth the to near came Nebuchadnezzar Then
God. of Son the like is fourth the of form the and hurt; no have they and fire, the of midst the in walking loose, men four see I Lo, said, and answered He
king. O True, king, the unto said and answered They fire? the of midst the into bound men three cast we not Did counsellors, his unto said and spake, and haste, in up rose and astonished, was king the Nebuchadnezzar Then
furnace. fiery burning the of midst the into bound down fell Abednego, and Meshach, Shadrach, men, three these And
Abednego. and Meshach, Shadrach, up took that men those slew fire the of flames the hot, exceeding furnace the and urgent, was commandment king's the because Therefore
furnace. fiery burning the of midst the into cast were and garments, other their and hats, their and hosen, their coats, their in bound were men these Then
furnace. fiery burning the into them cast to and Abednego, and Meshach, Shadrach, bind to army his in were that men mighty most the commanded he And
heated. be to wont was it than more times seven one furnace the heat should they that commanded and spake, he therefore Abednego: and Meshach, Shadrach, against changed was visage his of form the and fury, of full Nebuchadnezzar was Then
up. set hast thou which image golden the worship nor gods, thy serve not will we that king, O thee, unto known it be not, if But
king. O hand, thine of out us deliver will he and furnace, fiery burning the from us deliver to able is serve we whom God our so, be it If
matter. this in thee answer to careful not are we Nebuchadnezzar, O king, the to said and answered Abednego, and Meshach, Shadrach,
hands? my of out you deliver shall that God that is who and furnace; fiery burning a of midst the into hour same the cast be shall ye not, worship ye if but well: made; have I which image the worship and down fall ye musick, of kinds all and dulcimer, and psaltery, sackbut, harp, flute, cornet, the of sound the hear ye time what at that ready be ye if Now
up? set have I which image golden the worship nor gods, my serve ye not do Abednego, and Meshach, Shadrach, O true, it Is them, unto said and spake Nebuchadnezzar
king. the before men these brought they Then Abednego. and Meshach, Shadrach, bring to commanded fury and rage his in Nebuchadnezzar Then
up. set hast thou which image golden the worship nor gods, thy not serve they thee: regarded not have king, O men, these Abednego; and Meshach, Shadrach, Babylon, of province the of affairs the over set hast thou whom Jews certain are There
furnace. fiery burning a of midst the into cast be should he that worshippeth, and down not falleth whoso And
image: golden the worship and down fall shall musick, of kinds all and dulcimer, and psaltery, sackbut, harp, flute, cornet, the of sound the hear shall that man every that decree, a made hast king, O Thou,
ever. for live king, O Nebuchadnezzar, king the to said and spake They
Jews. the accused and near, came Chaldeans certain time that at Wherefore
up. set had king the Nebuchadnezzar that image golden the worshipped and down fell languages, the and nations, the people, the all musick, of kinds all and psaltery, sackbut, harp, flute, cornet, the of sound the heard people the all when time, that at Therefore
furnace. fiery burning a of midst the into cast be hour same the shall worshippeth and down not falleth whoso And
up: set hath king the Nebuchadnezzar that image golden the worship and down fall ye musick, of kinds all and dulcimer, psaltery, sackbut, harp, flute, cornet, the of sound the hear ye time what at That
languages, and nations, people, O commanded, is it you To aloud, cried herald an Then
up. set had Nebuchadnezzar that image the before stood they and up; set had king the Nebuchadnezzar that image the of dedication the unto together gathered were provinces, the of rulers the all and sheriffs, the counsellors, the treasurers, the judges, the captains, and governors, the princes, the Then
up. set had king the Nebuchadnezzar which image the of dedication the to come to provinces, the of rulers the all and sheriffs, the counsellors, the treasurers, the judges, the captains, the and governors, the princes, the together gather to sent king the Nebuchadnezzar Then
Babylon. of province the in Dura, of plain the in up it set he cubits: six thereof breadth the and cubits, threescore was height whose gold, of image an made king the Nebuchadnezzar
king. the of gate the in sat Daniel but Babylon: of province the of affairs the over Abednego, and Meshach, Shadrach, set he and king, the of requested Daniel Then
Babylon. of men wise the all over governors the of chief and Babylon, of province whole the over ruler him made and gifts, great many him gave and man, great a Daniel made king the Then
secret. this reveal couldest thou seeing secrets, of revealer a and kings, of Lord a and gods, of God a is God your that is, it truth a Of said, and Daniel, unto answered king The
him. unto odours sweet and oblation an offer should they that commanded and Daniel, worshipped and face, his upon fell Nebuchadnezzar king the Then
sure. thereof interpretation the and certain, is dream the and hereafter: pass to come shall what king the to known made hath God great the gold; the and silver, the clay, the brass, the iron, the pieces in brake it that and hands, without mountain the of out cut was stone the that sawest thou as Forasmuch
ever. for stand shall it and kingdoms, these all consume and pieces in break shall it but people, other to left be not shall kingdom the and destroyed: be never shall which kingdom, a up set heaven of God the shall kings these of days the in And
clay. with mixed not is iron as even another, to one cleave not shall they but men: of seed the with themselves mingle shall they clay, miry with mixed iron sawest thou whereas And
broken. partly and strong, partly be shall kingdom the so clay, of part and iron, of part were feet the of toes the as And
clay. miry with mixed iron the sawest thou as forasmuch iron, the of strength the of it in be shall there but divided; be shall kingdom the iron, of part and clay, potters' of part toes, and feet the sawest thou whereas And
bruise. and pieces in break it shall these, all breaketh that iron as and things: all subdueth and pieces in breaketh iron as forasmuch iron: as strong be shall kingdom fourth the And
earth. the all over rule bear shall which brass, of kingdom third another and thee, to inferior kingdom another arise shall thee after And
gold. of head this art Thou all. them over ruler thee made hath and hand, thine into given he hath heaven the of fowls the and field the of beasts the dwell, men of children the wheresoever And
glory. and strength, and power, kingdom, a thee given hath heaven of God the for kings: of king a art king, O Thou,
king. the before thereof interpretation the tell will we and dream; the is This
earth. whole the filled and mountain, great a became image the smote that stone the and them: for found was place no that away, them carried wind the and threshingfloors; summer the of chaff the like became and together, pieces to broken gold, the and silver, the brass, the clay, the iron, the was Then
pieces. to them brake and clay, and iron of were that feet his upon image the smote which hands, without out cut was stone a that till sawest Thou
clay. of part and iron of part feet his iron, of legs His
brass, of thighs his and belly his silver, of arms his and breast his gold, fine of was head image's This
terrible. was thereof form the and thee; before stood excellent, was brightness whose image, great This image. great a behold and sawest, king, O Thou,
heart. thy of thoughts the know mightest thou that and king, the to interpretation the known make shall that sakes their for but living, any than more have I that wisdom any for me to revealed not is secret this me, for as But
pass. to come shall what thee to known maketh secrets revealeth that he and hereafter: pass to come should what bed, thy upon mind thy into came thoughts thy king, O thee, for As
these; are bed, thy upon head thy of visions the and dream, Thy days. latter the in be shall what Nebuchadnezzar king the to known maketh and secrets, revealeth that heaven in God a is there But
king; the unto shew soothsayers, the magicians, the astrologers, the men, wise the cannot demanded hath king the which secret The said, and king, the of presence the in answered Daniel
thereof? interpretation the and seen, have I which dream the me unto known make to able thou Art Belteshazzar, was name whose Daniel, to said and answered king The
interpretation. the king the unto known make will that Judah, of captives the of man a found have I him, unto thus said and haste, in king the before Daniel in brought Arioch Then
interpretation. the king the unto shew will I and king, the before in me bring Babylon: of men wise the not Destroy him; unto thus said and went he Babylon: of men wise the destroy to ordained had king the whom Arioch, unto in went Daniel Therefore
matter. king's the us unto known made now hast thou for thee: of desired we what now me unto known made hast and might, and wisdom me given hast who fathers, my of God thou O thee, praise and thee, thank I
him. with dwelleth light the and darkness, the in is what knoweth he things: secret and deep the revealeth He
understanding: know that them to knowledge and wise, the unto wisdom giveth he kings: up setteth and kings, removeth he seasons: the and times the changeth he And
his: are might and wisdom for ever: and ever for God of name the be Blessed said, and answered Daniel
heaven. of God the blessed Daniel Then vision. night a in Daniel unto revealed secret the was Then
Babylon. of men wise the of rest the with perish not should fellows his and Daniel that secret; this concerning heaven of God the of mercies desire would they That
companions: his Azariah, and Mishael, Hananiah, to known thing the made and house, his to went Daniel Then
interpretation. the king the shew would he that and time, him give would he that king the of desired and in, went Daniel Then
Daniel. to known thing the made Arioch Then king? the from hasty so decree the is Why captain, king's the Arioch to said and answered He
Babylon: of men wise the slay to forth gone was which guard, king's the of captain the Arioch to wisdom and counsel with answered Daniel Then
slain. be to fellows his and Daniel sought they and slain; be should men wise the that forth went decree the And
Babylon. of men wise the all destroy to commanded and furious, very and angry was king the cause this For
flesh. with not is dwelling whose gods, the except king, the before it shew can that other none is there and requireth, king the that thing rare a is it And
Chaldean. or astrologer, or magician, any at things such asked that ruler, nor lord, king, no is there therefore matter: king's the shew can that earth the upon man a not is There said, and king, the before answered Chaldeans The
thereof. interpretation the me shew can ye that know shall I and dream, the me tell therefore changed: be time the till me, before speak to words corrupt and lying prepared have ye for you: for decree one but is there dream, the me unto known make not will ye if But
me. from gone is thing the see ye because time, the gain would ye that certainty of know I said, and answered king The
it. of interpretation the shew will we and dream, the servants his tell king the Let said, and again answered They
thereof. interpretation the and dream, the me shew therefore honour: great and rewards and gifts me of receive shall ye thereof, interpretation the and dream, the shew ye if But
dunghill. a made be shall houses your and pieces, in cut be shall ye thereof, interpretation the with dream, the me unto known make not will ye if me: from gone is thing The Chaldeans, the to said and answered king The
interpretation. the shew will we and dream, the servants thy tell ever: for live king, O Syriack, in king the to Chaldeans the spake Then
dream. the know to troubled was spirit my and dream, a dreamed have I them, unto said king the And
king. the before stood and came they So dreams. his king the shew to for Chaldeans, the and sorcerers, the and astrologers, the and magicians, the call to commanded king the Then
him. from brake sleep his and troubled, was spirit his wherewith dreams, dreamed Nebuchadnezzar Nebuchadnezzar of reign the of year second the in And
Cyrus. king of year first the unto even continued Daniel And
realm. his all in were that astrologers and magicians the all than better times ten them found he them, of enquired king the that understanding, and wisdom of matters all in And
king. the before they stood therefore Azariah: and Mishael, Hananiah, Daniel, like none found was all them among and them; with communed king the And
Nebuchadnezzar. before in them brought eunuchs the of prince the then in, them bring should he said had king the that days the of end the at Now
dreams. and visions all in understanding had Daniel and wisdom: and learning all in skill and knowledge them gave God children, four these for As
pulse. them gave and drink; should they that wine the and meat, their of portion the away took Melzar Thus
meat. king's the of portion the eat did which children the all than flesh in fatter and fairer appeared countenances their days ten of end the at And
days. ten them proved and matter, this in them to consented he So
servants. thy with deal seest, thou as and meat: king's the of portion the of eat that children the of countenance the and thee, before upon looked be countenances our let Then
drink. to water and eat, to pulse us give them let and days; ten thee, beseech I servants, thy Prove
Azariah, and Mishael, Hananiah, Daniel, over set had eunuchs the of prince the whom Melzar, to Daniel said Then
king. the to head my endanger me make ye shall then sort? your of are which children the than liking worse faces your see he should why for drink: your and meat your appointed hath who king, the lord my fear I Daniel, unto said eunuchs the of prince the And
eunuchs. the of prince the with love tender and favour into Daniel brought had God Now
himself. defile not might he that eunuchs the of prince the of requested he therefore drank: he which wine the with nor meat, king's the of portion the with himself defile not would he that heart his in purposed Daniel But
Abednego. of Azariah, to and Meshach; of Mishael, to and Shadrach; of Hananiah, to and Belteshazzar; of name the Daniel unto gave he for names: gave eunuchs the of prince the whom Unto
Azariah: and Mishael, Hananiah, Daniel, Judah, of children the of were these among Now
king. the before stand might they thereof end the at that years, three them nourishing so drank: he which wine the of and meat, king's the of provision daily a them appointed king the And
Chaldeans. the of tongue the and learning the teach might they whom and palace, king's the in stand to them in ability had as such and science, understanding and knowledge, in cunning and wisdom, all in skilful and favoured, well but blemish, no was whom in Children
princes; the of and seed, king's the of and Israel, of children the of certain bring should he that eunuchs, his of master the Ashpenaz unto spake king the And
god. his of house treasure the into vessels the brought he and god; his of house the to Shinar of land the into carried he which God: of house the of vessels the of part with hand, his into Judah of king Jehoiakim gave Lord the And
it. besieged and Jerusalem, unto Babylon of king Nebuchadnezzar came Judah of king Jehoiakim of reign the of year third the In
Daniel
there. is Lord The be, shall day that from city the of name the and measures: thousand eighteen about round was It
Naphtali. of gate one Asher, of gate one Gad, of gate one gates; three their with hundred, five and thousand four side west the At
Zebulun. of gate one Issachar, of gate one Simeon, of gate one gates; three and measures: hundred five and thousand four side south the at And
Dan. of gate one Benjamin, of gate one Joseph, of gate one and gates; three and hundred: five and thousand four side east the at And
Levi. of gate one Judah, of gate one Reuben, of gate one northward; gates three Israel: of tribes the of names the after be shall city the of gates the And
measures. hundred five and thousand four side, north the on city the of out goings the are these And
. God Lord the saith portions, their are these and inheritance, for Israel of tribes the unto lot by divide shall ye which land the is This
sea. great the toward river the to and Kadesh, in strife of waters the unto Tamar from even be shall border the southward, side south the at Gad, of border the by And
portion. a Gad side, west the unto side east the from Zebulun, of border the by And
portion. a Zebulun side, west the unto side east the from Issachar, of border the by And
portion. a Issachar side, west the unto side east the from Simeon, of border the by And
portion. a have shall Simeon side, west the unto side east the from Benjamin, of border the by And
portion. a have shall Benjamin side, west the unto side east the from tribes, the of rest the for As
prince. the for be shall Benjamin, of border the and Judah of border the between prince's, the is which that of midst the in being city, the of possession the from and Levites, the of possession the from Moreover
thereof. midst the in be shall house the of sanctuary the and oblation; holy the be shall it and prince: the for portions the against over border, west the toward thousand twenty and five the against over westward and border, east the toward oblation the of thousand twenty and five the against over city, the of possession the of and oblation, holy the of other the on and side one the on prince, the for be shall residue the And
city. the of possession the with foursquare, oblation holy the offer shall ye thousand: twenty and five by thousand twenty and five be shall oblation the All
Israel. of tribes the all of out it serve shall city the serve that they And
city. the serve that them unto food for be shall thereof increase the and portion; holy the of oblation the against over be shall it and westward: thousand ten and eastward, thousand ten be shall portion holy the of oblation the against over length in residue the And
fifty. and hundred two west the toward and fifty, and hundred two east the toward and fifty, and hundred two south the toward and fifty, and hundred two north the toward be shall city the of suburbs the And
hundred. five and thousand four side west the and hundred, five and thousand four side east the on and hundred, five and thousand four side south the and hundred, five and thousand four side north the thereof; measures the be shall these And
thereof. midst the in be shall city the and suburbs: for and dwelling, for city, the for place profane a be shall thousand, twenty and five the against over breadth the in left are that thousand, five the And
. Lord the unto holy is it for land: the of firstfruits the alienate nor exchange, neither it, of sell not shall they And
thousand. ten breadth the and thousand, twenty and five be shall length the all breadth: in thousand ten and length, in thousand twenty and five have shall Levites the priests the of border the against over And
Levites. the of border the by holy most thing a them unto be shall offered is that land the of oblation this And
astray. went Levites the as astray, went Israel of children the when astray not went which charge, my kept have which Zadok; of sons the of sanctified are that priests the for be shall It
thereof. midst the in be shall Lord the of sanctuary the and length: in thousand twenty and five south the toward and breadth, in thousand ten east the toward and breadth, in thousand ten west the toward and length, in thousand twenty and five north the toward oblation; holy this be shall priests, the for even them, for And
breadth. in thousand ten of and length, in thousand twenty and five of be shall Lord the unto offer shall ye that oblation The
it. of midst the in be shall sanctuary the and side: west the unto side east the from parts, other the of one as length in and breadth, in reeds thousand twenty and five of offer shall ye which offering the be shall side, west the unto side east the from Judah, of border the by And
Judah. for portion a side, west the unto side east the from Reuben, of border the by And
Reuben. for portion a side, west the unto even side east the from Ephraim, of border the by And
Ephraim. for portion a side, west the unto side east the from Manasseh, of border the by And
Manasseh. for portion a side, west the unto side east the from Naphtali, of border the by And
Naphtali. for portion a side, west the unto even side east the from Asher, of border the by And
Asher. for portion a side, west the unto side east the from Dan, of border the by And
Dan. for portion a west; and east sides his are these for Hamath; of coast the to northward, Damascus of border the Hazarenan, Hamath, to goeth one as Hethlon, of way the of coast the to end north the From tribes. the of names the are these Now
. God Lord the saith inheritance, his him give ye shall there sojourneth, stranger the tribe what in that pass, to come shall it And
Israel. of tribes the among you with inheritance have shall they Israel; of children the among country the in born as you unto be shall they and you: among children beget shall which you, among sojourn that strangers the to and you, unto inheritance an for lot by it divide shall ye that pass, to come shall it And
Israel. of tribes the to according you unto land this divide ye shall So
side. west the is This Hamath. against over come man a till border, the from sea great the be shall also side west The
southward. side south the is this And sea. great the to river the Kadesh, in strife of waters the to even Tamar from southward, side south the And
side. east the is this And sea. east the unto border the from Jordan, by Israel of land the from and Gilead, from and Damascus, from and Hauran, from measure shall ye side east the And
side. north the is this And Hamath. of border the and northward, north the and Damascus, of border the Hazarenan, be shall sea the from border the And
Hauran. of coast the by is which Hazarhatticon, Hamath; of border the and Damascus of border the between is which Sibraim, Berothah, Hamath,
Zedad; to go men as Hethlon, of way the sea, great the from side, north the toward land the of border the be shall this And
inheritance. for you unto fall shall land this and fathers: your unto it give to hand mine up lifted I which the concerning another: as well as one it, inherit shall ye And
portions. two have shall Joseph Israel: of tribes twelve the to according land the inherit shall ye whereby border, the be shall This ; God Lord the saith Thus
medicine. for thereof leaf the and meat, for be shall thereof fruit the and sanctuary: the of out issued they waters their because months, his to according fruit new forth bring shall it consumed: be thereof fruit the shall neither fade, not shall leaf whose meat, for trees all grow shall side, that on and side this on thereof, bank the upon river the by And
salt. to given be shall they healed; be not shall thereof marishes the and thereof places miry the But
many. exceeding sea, great the of fish the as kinds, their to according be shall fish their nets; forth spread to place a be shall they Eneglaim; unto even Engedi from it upon stand shall fishers the that pass, to come shall it And
cometh. river the whither live shall thing every and healed; be shall they for thither: come shall waters these because fish, of multitude great very a be shall there and live: shall come, shall rivers the whithersoever moveth, which liveth, that thing every that pass, to come shall it And
healed. be shall waters the sea, the into forth brought being which sea: the into go and desert, the into down go and country, east the toward out issue waters These me, unto he said Then
other. the on and side one the on trees many very were river the of bank the at behold, returned, had I when Now
river. the of brink the to return to me caused and me, brought he Then this? seen thou hast man, of Son me, unto said he And
over. passed be not could that river a in, swim to waters risen, were waters the for over: pass not could I that river a was it and thousand; a measured he Afterward
loins. the to were waters the through; me brought and thousand, a measured he Again knees. the to were waters the waters; the through me brought and thousand, a measured he Again
ankles. the to were waters the waters; the through me brought he and cubits, thousand a measured he eastward, forth went hand his in line the had that man the when And
side. right the on waters out ran there behold, and, eastward; looketh that way the by gate utter the unto without way the about me led and northward, gate the of way the of out me he brought Then
altar. the of side south the at house, the of side right the from under from down came waters the and east, the toward stood house the of forefront the for eastward: house the of threshold the under from out issued waters behold, and, house; the of door the unto again me brought he Afterward
people. the of sacrifice the boil shall house the of ministers the where boil, that them of places the are These me, unto he said Then
about. round rows the under places boiling with made was it and four, them about round them, in about round building of row a was there And
measure. one of were corners four these broad: thirty and long cubits forty of joined courts were there court the of corners four the In
court. a was there court the of corner every in behold, and, court; the of corners four the by pass to me caused and court, utter the into forth me brought he Then
people. the sanctify to court, utter the into out not them bear they that offering; meat the bake shall they where offering, sin the and offering trespass the boil shall priests the where place the is This me, unto he said Then
westward. sides two the on place a was there behold, and, north: the toward looked which priests, the of chambers holy the into gate, the of side the at was which entry, the through me brought he After
possession. his from man every scattered not be people my that possession: own his of out inheritance sons his give shall he but possession; their of out them thrust to oppression, by inheritance people's the of take not shall prince the Moreover
them. for sons' his be shall inheritance his but prince: the to return shall it after liberty; of year the to his be shall it then servants, his of one to inheritance his of gift a give he if But
inheritance. by possession their be shall it sons'; his be shall thereof inheritance the sons, his of any unto gift a give prince the If ; God Lord the saith Thus
offering. burnt continual a for morning every oil, the and offering, meat the and lamb, the prepare they shall Thus
. Lord the unto ordinance perpetual a by continually offering meat a flour; fine the with temper to oil, of hin an of part third the and ephah, an of part sixth the morning, every it for offering meat a prepare shalt thou And
morning. every it prepare shalt thou blemish: without year first the of lamb a of Lord the unto offering burnt a prepare daily shalt Thou
gate. the shut shall one forth going his after and forth; go shall he then day: sabbath the on did he as offerings, peace his and offering burnt his prepare shall he and east, the toward looketh that gate the him open then shall one , Lord the unto voluntarily offerings peace or offering burnt voluntary a prepare shall prince the when Now
ephah. an to oil of hin an and give, to able is he as lambs the to and ram, a to ephah an and bullock, a to ephah an be shall offering meat the solemnities the in and feasts the in And
forth. go shall forth, go they when and in; go shall in, go they when them, of midst the in prince the And
it. against over forth go shall but in, came he whereby gate the of way the by return not shall he gate: north the of way the by forth go shall gate south the of way the by entereth that he and gate; south the of way the by out go shall worship to gate north the of way the by in entereth that he feasts, solemn the in Lord the before come shall land the of people the when But
thereof. way the by forth go shall he and gate, that of porch the of way the by in go shall he enter, shall prince the when And
ephah. an to oil of hin an and unto, attain shall hand his as according lambs the for and ram, a for ephah an and bullock, a for ephah an offering, meat a prepare shall he And
blemish. without be shall they ram: a and lambs, six and blemish, without bullock young a be shall it moon new the of day the in And
ephah. an to oil of hin an and give, to able be shall he as lambs the for offering meat the and ram, a for ephah an be shall offering meat the And
blemish. without ram a and blemish, without lambs six be shall day sabbath the in Lord the unto offer shall prince the that offering burnt the And
moons. new the in and sabbaths the in Lord the before gate this of door the at worship shall land the of people the Likewise
evening. the until shut be not shall gate the but forth; go shall he then gate: the of threshold the at worship shall he and offerings, peace his and offering burnt his prepare shall priests the and gate, the of post the by stand shall and without, gate that of porch the of way the by enter shall prince the And
opened. be shall it moon new the of day the in and opened, be shall it sabbath the on but days; working six the shut be shall east the toward looketh that court inner the of gate The ; God Lord the saith Thus
oil. the to according and offering, meat the to according and offering, burnt the to according offering, sin the to according days, seven the of feast the in like the do he shall month, the of day fifteenth the in month, seventh the In
ephah. an for oil of hin an and ram, a for ephah an and bullock, a for ephah an of offering meat a prepare shall he And
offering. sin a for daily goats the of kid a and days; seven the daily blemish without rams seven and bullocks seven , Lord the to offering burnt a prepare shall he feast the of days seven And
offering. sin a for bullock a land the of people the all for and himself for prepare prince the shall day that upon And
eaten. be shall bread unleavened days; seven of feast a passover, the have shall ye month, the of day fourteenth the in month, first the In
house. the reconcile ye shall so simple: is that him for and erreth, that one every for month the of day seventh the do shalt thou so And
court. inner the of gate the of posts the upon and altar, the of settle the of corners four the upon and house, the of posts the upon it put and offering, sin the of blood the of take shall priest the And
sanctuary: the cleanse and blemish, without bullock young a take shalt thou month, the of day first the in month, first the In ; God Lord the saith Thus
Israel. of house the for reconciliation make to offerings, peace the and offering, burnt the and offering, meat the and offering, sin the prepare shall he Israel: of house the of solemnities all in sabbaths, the in and moons, new the in and feasts, the in offerings, drink and offerings, meat and offerings, burnt give to part prince's the be shall it And
Israel. in prince the for oblation this give shall land the of people the All
. God Lord the saith them, for reconciliation make to offerings, peace for and offering, burnt a for and offering, meat a for Israel; of pastures fat the of out hundred, two of out flock, the of out lamb one And
homer: an are baths ten for baths; ten of homer an is which cor, the of out bath a of part tenth the offer shall ye oil, of bath the oil, of ordinance the Concerning
barley: of homer an of ephah an of part sixth the give shall ye and wheat, of homer an of ephah an of part sixth the offer; shall ye that oblation the is This
maneh. your be shall shekels, fifteen shekels, twenty and five shekels, twenty gerahs: twenty be shall shekel the And
homer. the after be shall thereof measure the homer: an of part tenth the ephah the and homer, an of part tenth the contain may bath the that measure, one of be shall bath the and ephah The
bath. just a and ephah, just a and balances, just have shall Ye
. God Lord the saith people, my from exactions your away take justice, and judgment execute and spoil, and violence remove Israel: of princes O you, suffice it Let ; God Lord the saith Thus
tribes. their to according Israel of house the to give they shall land the of rest the and people; my oppress more no shall princes my and Israel: in possession his be shall land the In
border. east the unto border west the from portions, the of one against over be shall length the and eastward: side east the from and westward, side west the from city, the of possession the before and portion, holy the of oblation the before city, the of possession the of and portion, holy the of oblation the of side other the on and side one the on prince the for be shall portion a And
Israel. of house whole the for be shall it portion: holy the of oblation the against over long, thousand twenty and five and broad, thousand five city the of possession the appoint shall ye And
chambers. twenty for possession a for themselves, for have house, the of ministers the Levites, the also shall breadth of thousand ten the and length, of thousand twenty and five the And
sanctuary. the for place holy an and houses, their for place a be shall it and : Lord the unto minister to near come shall which sanctuary, the of ministers the priests the for be shall land the of portion holy The
place. holy most the and sanctuary the be shall it in and thousand: ten of breadth the and thousand, twenty and five of length the measure thou shalt measure this of And
thereof. suburbs the for about round cubits fifty and about; round square breadth, in hundred five with length, in hundred five sanctuary the for be shall there this Of
about. round thereof borders the all in holy be shall This thousand. ten be shall breadth the and reeds, thousand twenty and five of length the be shall length the land: the of portion holy an , Lord the unto oblation an offer shall ye inheritance, for land the lot by divide shall ye when Moreover,
beast. or fowl be it whether torn, or itself, of dead is that thing any of eat not shall priests The
house. thine in rest to blessing the cause may he that dough, your of first the priest the unto give also shall ye priest's: the be shall oblations, your of sort every of all, of oblation every and things, all of firstfruits the all of first the And
theirs. be shall Israel in thing dedicated every and offering: trespass the and offering, sin the and offering, meat the eat shall They
possession. their am I Israel: in possession no them give shall ye and inheritance: their am I inheritance: an for them unto be shall it And
. God Lord the saith offering, sin his offer shall he sanctuary, the in minister to court, inner the unto sanctuary, the into goeth he that day the in And
days. seven him unto reckon shall they cleansed, is he after And
themselves. defile may they husband, no had hath that sister for or brother, for daughter, for or son, for or mother, for or father, for but themselves: defile to person dead no at come shall they And
sabbaths. my hallow shall they and assemblies; mine all in statutes my and laws my keep shall they and judgments: my to according it judge shall they and judgment; in stand shall they controversy in And
clean. the and unclean the between discern to them cause and profane, and holy the between difference the people my teach shall they And
before. priest a had that widow a or Israel, of house the of seed the of maidens take shall they but away: put is that her nor widow, a wives their for take they shall Neither
court. inner the into enter they when wine, drink priest any shall Neither
heads. their poll only shall they long; grow to locks their suffer nor heads, their shave they shall Neither
garments. their with people the sanctify not shall they and garments; other on put shall they and chambers, holy the in them lay and ministered, they wherein garments their off put shall they people, the to court utter the into even court, utter the into forth go they when And
sweat. causeth that thing any with themselves gird not shall they loins; their upon breeches linen have shall and heads, their upon bonnets linen have shall They
within. and court, inner the of gates the in minister they whiles them, upon come shall wool no and garments; linen with clothed be shall they court, inner the of gates the at in enter they when that pass, to come shall it And
charge. my keep shall they and me, unto minister to table, my to near come shall they and sanctuary, my into enter shall They
: God Lord the saith blood, the and fat the me unto offer to me before stand shall they and me, unto minister to me to near come shall they me, from astray went Israel of children the when sanctuary my of charge the kept that Zadok, of sons the Levites, the priests the But
therein. done be shall that all for and thereof, service the all for house, the of charge the of keepers them make will I But
committed. have they which abominations their and shame, their bear shall they but place: holy most the in things, holy my of any to near come to nor me, unto priest a of office the do to me, unto near come not shall they And
iniquity. their bear shall they and , God Lord the saith them, against hand mine up lifted I have therefore iniquity; into fall to Israel of house the caused and idols, their before them unto ministered they Because
them. unto minister to them before stand shall they and people, the for sacrifice the and offering burnt the slay shall they house: the to ministering and house, the of gates the at charge having sanctuary, my in ministers be shall they Yet
iniquity. their bear even shall they idols; their after me from away astray went which astray, went Israel when me, from far away gone are that Levites the And
Israel. of children the among is that stranger any of sanctuary, my into enter shall flesh, in uncircumcised nor heart, in uncircumcised stranger, No ; God Lord the saith Thus
yourselves. for sanctuary my in charge my of keepers set have ye but things: holy mine of charge the kept not have ye And
abominations. your all of because covenant my broken have they and blood, the and fat the bread, my offer ye when house, my even it, pollute to sanctuary, my in be to flesh, in uncircumcised and heart, in uncircumcised strangers, sanctuary my into brought have ye that In
abominations, your all of you suffice it let Israel, of house ye O ; God Lord the saith Thus Israel, of house the to even rebellious, the to say shalt thou And
sanctuary. the of forth going every with house, the of in entering the well mark and thereof; laws the all and , Lord the of house the of ordinances the all concerning thee unto say I that all ears thine with hear and eyes, thine with behold and well, mark man, of Son me, unto said Lord the And
face. my upon fell I and : Lord the of house the filled Lord the of glory the behold, and, looked, I and house: the before gate north the of way the me he brought Then
same. the of way the by out go shall and gate, that of porch the of way the by enter shall he ; Lord the before bread eat to it in sit shall he prince, the prince; the for is It
shut. be shall it therefore it, by in entered hath Israel, of God the , Lord the because it; by in enter shall man no and opened, be not shall it shut, be shall gate This me; unto Lord the said Then
shut. was it and east; the toward looketh which sanctuary outward the of gate the of way the back me brought he Then
. God Lord the saith you, accept will I and offerings; peace your and altar, the upon offerings burnt your make shall priests the forward, so and day, eighth the upon that be, shall it expired, are days these when And
themselves. consecrate shall they and it; purify and altar the purge they shall days Seven
blemish. without flock, the of out ram a and bullock, young a prepare also shall they offering: sin a for goat a day every prepare thou shalt days Seven
. Lord the unto offering burnt a for up them offer shall they and them, upon salt cast shall priests the and , Lord the before them offer shalt thou And
blemish. without flock the of out ram a and blemish, without bullock young a offer shalt thou it, cleansing of end an made hast thou When
bullock. the with it cleanse did they as altar, the cleanse shall they and offering; sin a for blemish without goats the of kid a offer shalt thou day second the on And
sanctuary. the without house, the of place appointed the in it burn shall he and offering, sin the of also bullock the take shalt Thou
it. purge and cleanse thou shalt thus about: round border the upon and settle, the of corners four the on and it, of horns four the on it put and thereof, blood the of take shalt thou And
offering. sin a for bullock young a , God Lord the saith me, unto minister to me, unto approach which Zadok, of seed the of be that Levites the priests the to give shalt thou And
thereon. blood sprinkle to and thereon, offerings burnt offer to it, make shall they when day the in altar the of ordinances the are These ; God Lord the saith thus man, of Son me, unto said he And
east. the toward look shall stairs his and about; cubit a be shall thereof bottom the and cubit; a half be shall it about border the and thereof; squares four the in broad fourteen and long cubits fourteen be shall settle the And
thereof. squares four the in square broad, twelve long, cubits twelve be shall altar the And
horns. four be shall upward and altar the from and cubits; four be shall altar the So
cubit. one breadth the and cubits, four be shall settle greater the to even settle lesser the from and cubit; one breadth the and cubits, two be shall settle lower the to even ground the upon bottom the from And
altar. the of place higher the be shall this and span: a be shall about round thereof edge the by thereof border the and cubit, a breadth the and cubit, a be shall bottom the even breadth; hand an and cubit a is cubit The cubits: the after altar the of measures the are these And
house. the of law the is this Behold, holy. most be shall about round thereof limit whole the mountain the of top the Upon house; the of law the is This
them. do and thereof, ordinances the all and thereof, form whole the keep may they that sight, their in it write and thereof: laws the all and thereof, forms the all and thereof, ordinances the all and thereof, forms the all and thereof, in comings the and thereof, out goings the and thereof, fashion the and house, the of form the them shew done, have they that all of ashamed be they if And
pattern. the measure them let and iniquities: their of ashamed be may they that Israel, of house the to house the shew man, of son Thou
ever. for them of midst the in dwell will I and me, from far kings, their of carcases the and whoredom, their away put them let Now
anger. mine in them consumed have I wherefore committed: have they that abominations their by name holy my defiled even have they them, and me between wall the and posts, my by post their and thresholds, my by threshold their of setting their In
places. high their in kings their of carcases the by nor whoredom, their by kings, their nor they, neither defile, more no Israel of house the shall name, holy my and ever, for Israel of children the of midst the in dwell will I where feet, my of soles the of place the and throne, my of place the man, of Son me, unto said he And
me. by stood man the and house; the of out me unto speaking him heard I And
house. the filled Lord the of glory the behold, and, court; inner the into me brought and up, me took spirit the So
east. the toward is prospect whose gate the of way the by house the into came Lord the of glory the And
face. my upon fell I and Chebar; river the by saw I that vision the like were visions the and city: the destroy to came I when saw I that vision the to according even saw, I which vision the of appearance the to according was it And
glory. his with shined earth the and waters: many of noise a like was voice his and east: the of way the from came Israel of God the of glory the behold, And,
east: the toward looketh that gate the even gate, the to me brought he Afterward
place. profane the and sanctuary the between separation a make to broad, hundred five and long, reeds hundred five about, round wall a had it sides: four the by it measured He
reed. measuring the with reeds hundred five measured and side, west the to about turned He
reed. measuring the with reeds, hundred five side, south the measured He
about. round reed measuring the with reeds, hundred five side, north the measured He
about. round reed measuring the with reeds, hundred five reed, measuring the with side east the measured He
about. round it measured and east, the toward is prospect whose gate the toward forth me brought he house, inner the measuring of end an made had he when Now
people. the for are which things those to approach shall and garments, other on put shall and holy; are they for minister; they wherein garments their lay shall they there but court, utter the into place holy the of out go not they shall then therein, enter priests the When
holy. is place the for offering; trespass the and offering, sin the and offering, meat the and things, holy most the lay they shall there things: holy most the eat shall Lord the unto approach that priests the where chambers, holy be they place, separate the before are which chambers, south the and chambers north The me, unto he said Then
them. into entereth one as east, the toward wall the before directly way the even way, the of head the in door a was south the toward were that chambers the of doors the to according And
doors. their to according and fashions, their to according both were out goings their all and they: as broad as and they, as long as north, the toward were which chambers the of appearance the like was them before way the And
building. the against over and place, separate the against over east, the toward court the of wall the of thickness the in were chambers The
court. utter the from them into goeth one as side, east the on entry the was chambers these under from And
cubits. hundred an were temple the before lo, and, cubits: fifty was court utter the in were that chambers the of length the For
cubits. fifty was thereof length the chambers, the of forepart the on court utter the toward chambers, the against over without was that wall the And
ground. the from middlemost the and lowest the than more straitened was building the therefore courts: the of pillars the as pillars not had but stories, three in were they For
building. the of middlemost the than and lower, the than these, than higher were galleries the for shorter: were chambers upper the Now
north. the toward doors their and cubit; one of way a inward, breadth cubits ten to walk a was chambers the before And
stories. three in gallery against gallery was court, utter the for was which pavement the against over and court, inner the for were which cubits twenty the against Over
cubits. fifty was breadth the and door, north the was cubits hundred an of length the Before
north. the toward building the before was which and place, separate the against over was that chamber the into me brought he and north: the toward way the court, utter the into forth me brought he Then
planks. thick and house, the of chambers side the upon and porch, the of sides the on side, other the on and side one the on trees palm and windows narrow were there And
without. porch the of face the upon planks thick were there and walls; the upon made were as like trees, palm and cherubims temple, the of doors the on them, on made were there And
door. other the for leaves two and door, one the for leaves two leaves; turning two apiece, leaves two had doors the And
doors. two had sanctuary the and temple the And
. Lord the before is that table the is This me, unto said he and wood: of were thereof, walls the and thereof, length the and thereof, corners the and cubits; two thereof length the and high, cubits three was wood of altar The
other. the of appearance the as one the of appearance the sanctuary; the of face the and squared, were temple the of posts The
temple. the of wall the on and made, trees palm and cherubims were door the above unto ground the From
about. round house the all through made was it side: other the on tree palm the toward lion young a of face the and side, one the on tree palm the toward was man a of face the that So
faces; two had cherub every and cherub; a and cherub a between was tree palm a that so trees, palm and cherubims with made was it And
measure. by without, and within about round wall the all by and without, and house, inner the unto even door, the above that To
covered; were windows the and windows, the to up ground the from and about, round wood with cieled door, the against over stories, three their on about round galleries the and windows, narrow the and posts, door The
court; the of porches the and temple, inner the with cubits, hundred an side, other the on and side one the on thereof galleries the and it, behind was which place separate the against over building the of length the measured he And
cubits. hundred an east, the toward place separate the of and house, the of face the of breadth the Also
long; cubits hundred an thereof, walls the with building, the and place, separate the and long; cubits hundred an house, the measured he So
cubits. ninety thereof length the and about, round thick cubits five was building the of wall the and broad; cubits seventy was west the toward end the at place separate the before was that building the Now
about. round cubits five was left was that place the of breadth the and south: the toward door another and north, the toward door one left, was that place the toward were chambers side the of doors the And
side. every on house the about round cubits twenty of wideness the was chambers the between And
within. were that chambers side the of place the was left was which that and cubits: five was without, chamber side the for was which wall, the of thickness The
cubits. great six of reed full a were chambers side the of foundations the about: round house the of height the also saw I
midst. the by highest the to chamber lowest the from increased so and upward, still was house the of breadth the therefore house: the about round upward still went house the of about winding the for chambers: side the to upward still about winding a and enlarging, an was there And
house. the of wall the in hold not had they but hold, have might they that about, round chambers side the for house the of was which wall the into entered they and order; in thirty and another, over one three, were chambers side the And
side. every on house the about round cubits, four chamber, side every of breadth the and cubits; six house, the of wall the measured he After
place. holy most the is This me, unto said he and temple: the before cubits, twenty breadth, the and cubits; twenty thereof, length the measured he So
cubits. seven door, the of breadth the and cubits; six door, the and cubits; two door, the of post the measured and inward, he went Then
cubits. twenty breadth, the and cubits: forty thereof, length the measured he and side: other the on cubits five and side, one the on cubits five were door the of sides the and cubits; ten was door the of breadth the And
tabernacle. the of breadth the was which side, other the on broad cubits six and side, one the on broad cubits six posts, the measured and temple, the to me brought he Afterward
side. that on another and side, this on one posts, the by pillars were there and it: to up went they whereby steps the by me brought he and cubits, eleven breadth the and cubits, twenty was porch the of length The
side. that on cubits three and side, this on cubits three was gate the of breadth the and side: that on cubits five and side, this on cubits five porch, the of post each measured and house, the of porch the to me brought he And
house. the before was that altar the and foursquare; broad, cubits hundred an and long, cubits hundred an court, the measured he So
him. unto minister to Lord the to near come which Levi, of sons the among Zadok of sons the are these altar: the of charge the of keepers the priests, the for is north the toward is prospect whose chamber the And
house. the of charge the of keepers the priests, the for is south, the toward is prospect whose chamber, This me, unto said he And
north. the toward prospect the having gate east the of side the at one south: the toward was prospect their and gate; north the of side the at was which court, inner the in singers the of chambers the were gate inner the without And
offering. the of flesh the was tables the upon and about: round fastened broad, hand an hooks, were within And
sacrifice. the and offering burnt the slew they wherewith instruments the laid they also whereupon high: cubit one and broad, half an and cubit a and long, half an and cubit a of offering, burnt the for stone hewn of were tables four the And
sacrifices. their slew they whereupon tables, eight gate; the of side the by side, that on tables four and side, this on were tables Four
tables. two were gate, the of porch the at was which side, other the on and tables; two were gate, north the of entry the to up goeth one as without, side the at And
offering. trespass the and offering sin the and offering burnt the thereon slay to side, that on tables two and side, this on tables two were gate the of porch the in And
offering. burnt the washed they where gates, the of posts the by were thereof entries the and chambers the And
steps. eight had it to up going the and side: that on and side, this on thereof, posts the upon were trees palm and court; utter the toward were thereof posts the And
cubits. twenty and five breadth the and cubits, fifty was length the about: round it to windows the and thereof, arches the and thereof, posts the thereof, chambers little The
measures; these to according it measured and gate, north the to me brought he And
steps. eight had it to up going the and side: that on and side, this on thereof, posts the upon were trees palm and court; outward the toward were thereof arches the And
broad. cubits twenty and five and long, cubits fifty was it about: round thereof arches the in and therein windows were there and measures: these to according were thereof, arches the and thereof, posts the and thereof, chambers little the And
measures. these to according gate the measured he and east: the toward court inner the into me brought he And
steps. eight had it to up going the and thereof: posts the upon were trees palm and court; utter the toward were thereof arches the And
broad. cubits five and long, cubits twenty and five were about round arches the And
broad. cubits twenty and five and long, cubits fifty was it about: round thereof arches the in and it in windows were there and measures: these to according thereof, arches the and thereof, posts the and thereof, chambers little the And
measures; these to according gate south the measured he and gate: south the by court inner the to me brought he And
cubits. hundred an south the toward gate to gate from measured he and south: the toward court inner the in gate a was there And
thereof. posts the upon side, that on another and side, this on one trees, palm had it and them: before were thereof arches the and it, to up go to steps seven were there And
cubits. twenty and five breadth the and cubits, fifty was length the windows: those like about, round thereof arches the in and it in windows were there And
measures. these to according thereof arches the and thereof posts the measured he and south: the toward gate a behold and south, the toward me brought he that After
cubits. hundred an gate to gate from measured he and east; the toward and north, the toward gate the against over was court inner the of gate the And
them. before were thereof arches the and steps; seven by it unto up went they and east; the toward looketh that gate the of measure the after were trees, palm their and arches, their and windows, their And
cubits. twenty and five breadth the and cubits, fifty was thereof length the gate: first the of measure the after were thereof arches the and thereof posts the and side; that on three and side this on three were thereof chambers little the And
thereof. breadth the and thereof, length the measured he north, the toward looked that court outward the of gate the And
northward. and eastward cubits hundred an without, court inner the of forefront the unto gate lower the of forefront the from breadth the measured he Then
pavement. lower the was gates the of length the against over gates the of side the by pavement the And
pavement. the upon were chambers thirty about: round court the for made pavement a and chambers, were there lo, and, court, outward the into me he brought Then
trees. palm were post each upon and inward: about round were windows and arches: the to likewise and about, round gate the within posts their to and chambers, little the to windows narrow were there And
cubits. fifty were gate inner the of porch the of face the unto entrance the of gate the of face the from And
gate. the about round court the of post the unto even cubits, threescore of posts also made He
door. against door cubits, twenty and five was breadth the another: of roof the to chamber little one of roof the from gate the then measured He
side. that on cubits six and side, this on cubits six were chambers little the and side: that on cubit one was space the and side, this on cubit one was chambers little the before also space The
cubits. thirteen gate, the of length the and cubits; ten gate, the of entry the of breadth the measured he And
side. that on and side this on measure one had posts the and measure: one of were three they side; that on three and side, this on three were eastward gate the of chambers little the And
inward. was gate the of porch the and cubits; two thereof, posts the and cubits; eight gate, the of porch the he measured Then
reed. one within, gate the of porch the also measured He
reed. one was within gate the of porch the by gate the of threshold the and cubits; five were chambers little the between and broad; reed one and long, reed one was chamber little every And
broad. reed one was which gate, the of threshold other the and broad; reed one was which gate, the of threshold the measured and thereof, stairs the up went and east, the toward looketh which gate the unto he came Then
reed. one height, the and reed; one building, the of breadth the measured he so breadth: hand an and cubit the by long cubits six of reed measuring a hand man's the in and about, round house the of outside the on wall a behold And
Israel. of house the to seest thou that all declare hither: brought thou art thee unto them shew might I that intent the to for thee; shew shall I that all upon heart thine set and ears, thine with hear and eyes, thine with behold man, of Son me, unto said man the And
gate. the in stood he and reed; measuring a and hand, his in flax of line a with brass, of appearance the like was appearance whose man, a was there behold, and, thither, me brought he And
south. the on city a of frame the as was which by mountain, high very a upon me set and Israel, of land the into me he brought God of visions the In
thither. me brought and me, upon was Lord the of hand the day selfsame the in smitten, was city the that after year fourteenth the in month, the of day tenth the in year, the of beginning the in captivity, our of year twentieth and five the In
. God Lord the saith Israel, of house the upon spirit my out poured have I for them: from more any face my hide I will Neither
there. more any them of none left have and land, own their unto them gathered have I but heathen: the among captivity into led be to them caused which God, their Lord the am I that know they shall Then
nations; many of sight the in them in sanctified am and lands, enemies' their of out them gathered and people, the from again them brought have I When
afraid. them made none and land, their in safely dwelt they when me, against trespassed have they whereby trespasses their all and shame, their borne have they that After
name; holy my for jealous be will and Israel, of house whole the upon mercy have and Jacob, of captivity the again bring I will Now ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
them. from face my hid and them, unto done I have transgressions their to according and uncleanness their to According
sword. the by all they fell so enemies: their of hand the into them gave and them, from face my I hid therefore me, against trespassed they because iniquity: their for captivity into went Israel of house the that know shall heathen the And
forward. and day that from God their Lord the am I that know shall Israel of house the So
them. upon laid have I that hand my and executed, have I that judgment my see shall heathen the all and heathen, the among glory my set will I And
. God Lord the saith war, of men all with and men, mighty with chariots, and horses with table my at filled be shall ye Thus
you. for sacrificed have I which sacrifice my of drunken, be ye till blood drink and full, be ye till fat eat shall ye And
Bashan. of fatlings them of all bullocks, of goats, of and lambs, of rams, of earth, the of princes the of blood the drink and mighty, the of flesh the eat shall Ye
blood. drink and flesh, eat may ye that Israel, of mountains the upon sacrifice great a even you, for sacrifice do I that sacrifice my to side every on yourselves gather come; and yourselves, Assemble field, the of beast every to and fowl, feathered every unto Speak ; God Lord the saith thus man, of son thou And,
land. the cleanse they shall Thus Hamonah. be shall city the of name the also And
Hamongog. of valley the in it buried have buriers the till it, by sign a up set he shall then bone, man's a seeth any when land, the through pass that passengers the And
search. they shall months seven of end the after it: cleanse to earth, the of face the upon remain that those passengers the with bury to land the through passing employment, continual of men out sever shall they And
. God Lord the saith glorified, be shall I that day the renown a them to be shall it and them; bury shall land the of people the all Yea,
land. the cleanse may they that them, of burying be Israel of house the shall months seven And
Hamongog. of valley The it call shall they and multitude: his all and Gog bury they shall there and passengers: the of noses the stop shall it and sea: the of east the on passengers the of valley the Israel, in graves of there place a Gog unto give will I that day, that in pass to come shall it And
. God Lord the saith them, robbed that those rob and them, spoiled that those spoil shall they and fire: with weapons the burn shall they for forests; the of out any down cut neither field, the of out wood no take shall they that So
years: seven fire with them burn shall they and spears, the and handstaves, the and arrows, the and bows the bucklers, the and shields the both weapons, the burn and fire on set shall and forth, go shall Israel of cities the in dwell that they And
spoken. have I whereof day the is this ; God Lord the saith done, is it and come, is it Behold,
Israel. in One Holy the , Lord the am I that know shall heathen the and more: any name holy my pollute them let not will I and Israel; people my of midst the in known name holy my make I will So
. Lord the am I that know shall they and isles: the in carelessly dwell that them among and Magog, on fire a send will I And
. God Lord the saith it, spoken have I for field: open the upon fall shalt Thou
devoured. be to field the of beasts the to and sort, every of birds ravenous the unto thee give will I thee: with is that people the and bands, thy all and thou, Israel, of mountains the upon fall shalt Thou
hand. right thy of out fall to arrows thine cause will and hand, left thy of out bow thy smite will I And
Israel: of mountains the upon thee bring will and parts, north the from up come to thee cause will and thee, of part sixth the but leave and back, thee turn will I And
Tubal: and Meshech of prince chief the Gog, O thee, against am I Behold, ; God Lord the saith Thus say, and Gog, against prophesy man, of son thou Therefore,
. Lord the am I that know shall they and nations, many of eyes the in known be will I and myself; sanctify and myself, magnify I will Thus
brimstone. and fire, hailstones, great and rain, overflowing an him, with are that people many the upon and bands, his upon and him, upon rain will I and blood; with and pestilence with him against plead will I And
brother. his against be shall sword man's every : God Lord the saith mountains, my all throughout him against sword a for call will I And
ground. the to fall shall wall every and fall, shall places steep the and down, thrown be shall mountains the and presence, my at shake shall earth, the of face the upon are that men the all and earth, the upon creep that things creeping all and field, the of beasts the and heaven, the of fowls the and sea, the of fishes the that So
Israel; of land the in shaking great a be shall there day that in Surely spoken, I have wrath my of fire the in and jealousy my in For
face. my in up come shall fury my that , God Lord the saith Israel, of land the against come shall Gog when time same the at pass to come shall it And
them? against thee bring would I that years many days those in prophesied which Israel, of prophets the servants my by time old in spoken have I whom of he thou Art ; God Lord the saith Thus
eyes. their before Gog, O thee, in sanctified be shall I when me, know may heathen the that land, my against thee bring will I and days, latter the in be shall it land; the cover to cloud a as Israel, of people my against up come shalt thou And
army: mighty a and company, great a horses, upon riding them of all thee, with people many and thou, parts, north the of out place thy from come shalt thou And
it? know not thou shalt safely, dwelleth Israel of people my when day that In ; God Lord the saith Thus Gog, unto say and prophesy man, of son Therefore,
spoil? great a take to goods, and cattle away take to gold, and silver away carry to prey? a take to company thy gathered thou hast spoil? a take to come thou Art thee, unto say shall thereof, lions young the all with Tarshish, of merchants the and Dedan, and Sheba,
land. the of midst the in dwell that goods, and cattle gotten have which nations, the of out gathered are that people the upon and inhabited, now are that places desolate the upon hand thine turn to prey; a take to and spoil, a take To
gates, nor bars neither having and walls, without dwelling them of all safely, dwell that rest, at are that them to go will I villages; unwalled of land the to up go will I say, shalt thou And
thought: evil an think shalt thou and mind, thy into come things shall time same the at that pass, to come also shall It ; God Lord the saith Thus
thee. with people many and bands, thy all and thou, land, the cover to cloud a like be shalt thou storm, a like come and ascend shalt Thou
them. of all safely dwell shall they and nations, the of out forth brought is it but waste: always been have which Israel, of mountains the against people, many of out gathered is and sword, the from back brought is that land the into come shalt thou years latter the in visited: be shalt thou days many After
them. unto guard a thou be and thee, unto assembled are that company thy all and thou, thyself, for prepare and prepared, thou Be
thee. with people many and bands: his all and quarters, north the of Togarmah of house the bands; his all and Gomer,
helmet: and shield with them of all them; with Libya and Ethiopia, Persia,
swords: handling them of all shields, and bucklers with company great a even armour, of sorts all with clothed them of all horsemen, and horses army, thine all and forth, thee bring will I and jaws, thy into hooks put and back, thee turn will I And
Tubal: and Meshech of prince chief the Gog, O thee, against am I Behold, ; God Lord the saith Thus say, And
him, against prophesy and Tubal, and Meshech of prince chief the Magog, of land the Gog, against face thy set man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the And
evermore. for them of midst the in be shall sanctuary my when Israel, sanctify do Lord the I that know shall heathen the And
people. my be shall they and God, their be will I yea, them: with be shall also tabernacle My
evermore. for them of midst the in sanctuary my set will and them, multiply and them, place will I and them: with covenant everlasting an be shall it them; with peace of covenant a make will I Moreover
ever. for prince their be shall David servant my and ever: for children children's their and children, their and they, even therein, dwell shall they and dwelt; have fathers your wherein servant, my Jacob unto given have I that land the in dwell shall they And
them. do and statutes, my observe and judgments, my in walk also shall they shepherd: one have shall all they and them; over king be shall servant my David And
God. their be will I and people, my be they shall so them: cleanse will and sinned, have they wherein dwellingplaces, their all of out them save will I but transgressions: their of any with nor things, detestable their with nor idols, their with more any themselves defile they shall Neither
all. at more any kingdoms two into divided be they shall neither nations, two more no be shall they and all: them to king be shall king one and Israel; of mountains the upon land the in nation one them make will I And
land: own their into them bring and side, every on them gather will and gone, be they whither heathen, the among from Israel of children the take will I Behold, ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto say And
eyes. their before hand thine in be shall writest thou whereon sticks the And
hand. mine in one be shall they and stick, one them make and Judah, of stick the with even him, with them put will and fellows, his Israel of tribes the and Ephraim, of hand the in is which Joseph, of stick the take will I Behold, ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto Say
these? by meanest thou what us shew not thou Wilt saying, thee, unto speak shall people thy of children the when And
hand. thine in one become shall they and stick; one into another to one them join And
companions: his Israel of house the all for and Ephraim of stick the Joseph, For it, upon write and stick, another take then companions: his Israel of children the for and Judah, For it, upon write and stick, one thee take man, of son thou Moreover,
saying, me, unto again came Lord the of word The
. Lord the saith it, performed and it, spoken have Lord the I that know ye shall then land: own your in you place shall I and live, shall ye and you, in spirit my put shall And
graves, your of out up you brought and people, my O graves, your opened have I when , Lord the am I that know shall ye And
Israel. of land the into you bring and graves, your of out up come to you cause and graves, your open will I people, my O Behold, ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto say and prophesy Therefore
parts. our for off cut are we lost: is hope our and dried, are bones Our say, they behold, Israel: of house whole the are bones these man, of Son me, unto said he Then
army. great exceeding an feet, their upon up stood and lived, they and them, into came breath the and me, commanded he as prophesied I So
live. may they that slain, these upon breathe and breath, O winds, four the from Come ; God Lord the saith Thus wind, the to say and man, of son prophesy, wind, the unto Prophesy me, unto he said Then
them. in breath no was there but above: them covered skin the and them, upon up came flesh the and sinews the lo, beheld, I when And
bone. his to bone together, came bones the and shaking, a behold and noise, a was there prophesied, I as and commanded: was I as prophesied I So
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and live; shall ye and you, in breath put and skin, with you cover and you, upon flesh up bring will and you, upon sinews lay will I And
live: shall ye and you, into enter to breath cause will I Behold, bones; these unto God Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the of word the hear bones, dry ye O them, unto say and bones, these upon Prophesy me, unto said he Again
knowest. thou , God Lord O answered, I And live? bones these can man, of Son me, unto said he And
dry. very were they lo, and, valley; open the in many very were there behold, and, about: round them by pass to me caused And
bones, of full was which valley the of midst the in down me set and , Lord the of spirit the in out me carried and me, upon was Lord the of hand The
. Lord the am I that know shall they and men: of flocks with filled be cities waste the shall so feasts; solemn her in Jerusalem of flock the as flock, holy the As
flock. a like men with them increase will I them; for it do to Israel, of house the by of enquired be this for yet will I ; God Lord the saith Thus
it. do will I and it, spoken have Lord the I desolate: was that that plant and places, ruined the build Lord the I that know shall you about round left are that heathen the Then
inhabited. are and fenced, become are cities ruined and desolate and waste the and Eden; of garden the like become is desolate was that land This say, shall they And
by. passed that all of sight the in desolate lay it whereas tilled, be shall land desolate the And
builded. be shall wastes the and cities, the in dwell to you cause also will I iniquities your all from you cleansed have shall I that day the In ; God Lord the saith Thus
Israel. of house O ways, own your for confounded and ashamed be you: unto known it be , God Lord the saith this, I do sakes your for Not
abominations. your for and iniquities your for sight own your in yourselves lothe shall and good, not were that doings your and ways, evil own your remember ye shall Then
heathen. the among famine of reproach more no receive shall ye that field, the of increase the and tree, the of fruit the multiply will I And
you. upon famine no lay and it, increase will and corn, the for call will I and uncleannesses: your all from you save also will I
God. your be will I and people, my be shall ye and fathers; your to gave I that land the in dwell shall ye And
them. do and judgments, my keep shall ye and statutes, my in walk to you cause and you, within spirit my put will I And
flesh. of heart an you give will I and flesh, your of out heart stony the away take will I and you: within put I will spirit new a and you, give I will also heart new A
you. cleanse I will idols, your all from and filthiness, your all from clean: be shall ye and you, upon water clean sprinkle I will Then
land. own your into you bring will and countries, all of out you gather and heathen, the among from you take will I For
eyes. their before you in sanctified be shall I when , God Lord the saith , Lord the am I that know shall heathen the and them; of midst the in profaned have ye which heathen, the among profaned was which name, great my sanctify will I And
went. ye whither heathen, the among profaned have ye which sake, name's holy mine for but Israel, of house O sakes, your for this not do I ; God Lord the saith thus Israel, of house the unto say Therefore
went. they whither heathen, the among profaned had Israel of house the which name, holy mine for pity had I But
land. his of out forth gone are and , Lord the of people the are These them, to said they when name, holy my profaned they went, they whither heathen, the unto entered they when And
them. judged I doings their to according and way their to according countries: the through dispersed were they and heathen, the among them scattered I And
it: polluted had they wherewith idols their for and land, the upon shed had they that blood the for them upon fury my poured I Wherefore
woman. removed a of uncleanness the as me before was way their doings: their by and way own their by it defiled they land, own their in dwelt Israel of house the when man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Moreover
. God Lord the saith more, any fall to nations thy cause thou shalt neither more, any people the of reproach the bear thou shalt neither more, any heathen the of shame the thee in hear to men cause I will Neither
. God Lord the saith more, any nations thy bereave neither more, no men devour shalt thou Therefore
nations: thy bereaved hast and men, up devourest land Thou you, unto say they Because ; God Lord the saith Thus
men. of them bereave henceforth more no shalt thou and inheritance, their be shalt thou and thee, possess shall they and Israel; people my even you, upon walk to men cause will I Yea,
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and beginnings: your at than you unto better do will and estates, old your after you settle will I and fruit: bring and increase shall they and beast; and man you upon multiply will I And
builded: be shall wastes the and inhabited, be shall cities the and it: of all even Israel, of house the all you, upon men multiply will I And
sown: and tilled be shall ye and you, unto turn will I and you, for am I behold, For,
come. to hand at are they for Israel; of people my to fruit your yield and branches, your forth shoot shall ye Israel, of mountains O ye, But
shame. their bear shall they you, about are that heathen the Surely hand, mine up lifted have I ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
heathen: the of shame the borne have ye because fury, my in and jealousy my in spoken have I Behold, ; God Lord the saith Thus valleys, the to and rivers, the to hills, the to and mountains, the unto say and Israel, of land the concerning therefore Prophesy
prey. a for out it cast to minds, despiteful with heart, their all of joy the with possession their into land my appointed have which Idumea, all against and heathen, the of residue the against spoken I have jealousy my of fire the in Surely ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
about; round are that heathen the of residue the to derision and prey a became which forsaken, are that cities the to and wastes, desolate the to valleys, the to and rivers, the to hills, the to and mountains, the to God Lord the saith Thus ; God Lord the of word the hear Israel, of mountains ye Therefore,
people: the of infamy an are and talkers, of lips the in up taken are ye and heathen, the of residue the unto possession a be might ye that side, every on up you swallowed and desolate, you made have they Because ; God Lord the saith Thus say, and prophesy Therefore
possession: in ours are places high ancient the even Aha, you, against said hath enemy the Because ; God Lord the saith Thus
: Lord the of word the hear Israel, of mountains Ye say, and Israel, of mountains the unto prophesy man, of son thou Also,
. Lord the am I that know shall they and it: of all even Idumea, all and Seir, mount O desolate, be shalt thou thee: unto do I will so desolate, was it because Israel, of house the of inheritance the at rejoice didst thou As
desolate. thee make will I rejoiceth, earth whole the When ; God Lord the saith Thus
them. heard have I me: against words your multiplied have and me, against boasted have ye mouth your with Thus
consume. to us given are they desolate, laid are They saying, Israel, of mountains the against spoken hast thou which blasphemies thy all heard have I that and , Lord the am I that know shalt thou And
thee. judged have I when them, among known myself make will I and them; against hatred thy of out used hast thou which envy thine to according and anger, thine to according do even will I , God Lord the saith live, I as Therefore,
there: was Lord the whereas it; possess will we and mine, be shall countries two these and nations two These said, hast thou Because
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and return: not shall cities thy and desolations, perpetual thee make will I
sword. the with slain are that fall they shall rivers, thy all in and valleys, thy in and hills, thy in men: slain his with mountains his fill will I And
returneth. that him and out passeth that him it from off cut and desolate, most Seir mount make I will Thus
thee. pursue shall blood even blood, hated not hast thou sith thee: pursue shall blood and blood, unto thee prepare will I , God Lord the saith live, I as Therefore,
end: an had iniquity their that time the in calamity, their of time the in sword the of force the by Israel of children the of blood the shed hast and hatred, perpetual a had hast thou Because
. Lord the am I that know shalt thou and desolate, be shalt thou and waste, cities thy lay will I
desolate. most thee make will I and thee, against hand mine out stretch will I and thee, against am I Seir, mount O Behold, ; God Lord the saith Thus it, unto say And
it, against prophesy and Seir, mount against face thy set man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Moreover
. God Lord the saith God, your am I and men, are pasture, my of flock the flock, my ye And
. God Lord the saith people, my are Israel, of house the even they, that and them, with am God their Lord the I that know they shall Thus
more. any heathen the of shame the bear neither land, the in hunger with consumed more no be shall they and renown, of plant a them for up raise will I And
afraid. them make shall none and safely, dwell shall they but them; devour land the of beast the shall neither heathen, the to prey a be more no shall they And
them. of themselves served that those of hand the of out them delivered and yoke, their of bands the broken have I when , Lord the am I that know shall and land, their in safe be shall they and increase, her yield shall earth the and fruit, her yield shall field the of tree the And
blessing. of showers be shall there season; his in down come to shower the cause will I and blessing; a hill my about round places the and them make will I And
woods. the in sleep and wilderness, the in safely dwell shall they and land: the of out cease to beasts evil the cause will and peace, of covenant a them with make will I And
it. spoken have Lord the I them; among prince a David servant my and God, their be will Lord the I And
shepherd. their be shall he and them, feed shall he David; servant my even them, feed shall he and them, over shepherd one up set will I And
cattle. and cattle between judge will I and prey; a be more no shall they and flock, my save I will Therefore
abroad; them scattered have ye till horns, your with diseased the all pushed and shoulder, with and side with thrust have ye Because
cattle. lean the between and cattle fat the between judge will I, even I, Behold, them; unto God Lord the saith thus Therefore
feet. your with fouled have ye which that drink they and feet; your with trodden have ye which that eat they flock, my for as And
feet? your with residue the foul must ye but waters, deep the of drunk have to and pastures? your of residue the feet your with down tread must ye but pasture, good the up eaten have to you unto thing small a it Seemeth
goats. he the and rams the between cattle, and cattle between judge I Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus flock, my O you, for as And
judgment. with them feed will I strong; the and fat the destroy will I but sick: was which that strengthen will and broken, was which that up bind will and away, driven was which that again bring and lost, was which that seek will I
. God Lord the saith down, lie to them cause will I and flock, my feed will I
Israel. of mountains the upon feed they shall pasture fat a in and fold, good a in lie they shall there be: fold their shall Israel of mountains high the upon and pasture, good a in them feed will I
country. the of places inhabited the all in and rivers, the by Israel of mountains the upon them feed and land, own their to them bring will and countries, the from them gather and people, the from out them bring will I And
day. dark and cloudy the in scattered been have they where places all of out them deliver will and sheep, my out seek I will so scattered; are that sheep his among is he that day the in flock his out seeketh shepherd a As
out. them seek and sheep, my search both will I, even I, Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus For
them. for meat be not may they that mouth, their from flock my deliver will I for more; any themselves feed shepherds the shall neither flock; the feeding from cease to them cause and hand, their at flock my require will I and shepherds; the against am I Behold, ; God Lord the saith Thus
; Lord the of word the hear shepherds, ye O Therefore,
flock; my not fed and themselves, fed shepherds the but flock, my for search shepherds my did neither shepherd, no was there because field, the of beast every to meat became flock my and prey, a became flock my because surely , God Lord the saith live, I As
; Lord the of word the hear shepherds, ye Therefore,
them. after seek or search did none and earth, the of face the all upon scattered was flock my yea, hill: high every upon and mountains, the all through wandered sheep My
scattered. were they when field, the of beasts the all to meat became they and shepherd: no is there because scattered, were they And
them. ruled ye have cruelty with and force with but lost; was which that sought ye have neither away, driven was which that again brought ye have neither broken, was which that up bound ye have neither sick, was which that healed ye have neither strengthened, not ye have diseased The
flock. the not feed ye but fed: are that them kill ye wool, the with you clothe ye and fat, the eat Ye
flocks? the feed shepherds the not should themselves! feed do that Israel of shepherds the to be Woe shepherds; the unto God Lord the saith Thus them, unto say and prophesy, Israel, of shepherds the against prophesy man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the And
them. among been hath prophet a that know they shall then come,) will it (lo, pass, to cometh this when And
not. them do they but words, thy hear they for instrument: an on well play can and voice, pleasant a hath that one of song lovely very a as them unto art thou lo, And,
covetousness. their after goeth heart their but love, much shew they mouth their with for them: do not will they but words, thy hear they and people, my as thee before sit they and cometh, people the as thee unto come they And
. Lord the from forth cometh that word the is what hear and you, pray I Come, saying, brother, his to one every another, to one speak and houses, the of doors the in and walls the by thee against talking are still people thy of children the man, of son thou Also,
committed. have they which abominations their all of because desolate most land the laid have I when , Lord the am I that know they shall Then
through. pass shall none that desolate, be shall Israel of mountains the and cease; shall strength her of pomp the and desolate, most land the lay will I For
pestilence. the of die shall caves the in and forts the in be that they and devoured, be to beasts the to give I will field open the in is that him and sword, the by fall shall wastes the in are that they surely live, I As ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto thus thou Say
land? the possess ye shall and wife: neighbour's his one every defile ye and abomination, work ye sword, your upon stand Ye
land? the possess ye shall and blood: shed and idols, your toward eyes your up lift and blood, the with eat Ye ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto say Wherefore
inheritance. for us given is land the many; are we but land: the inherited he and one, was Abraham saying, speak, Israel of land the of wastes those inhabit that they man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Then
dumb. more no was I and opened, was mouth my and morning; the in me to came he until mouth, my opened had and came; escaped was that he afore evening, the in me upon was Lord the of hand the Now
smitten. is city The saying, me, unto came Jerusalem of out escaped had that one that month, the of day fifth the in month, tenth the in captivity, our of year twelfth the in pass to came it And
ways. his after one every you judge will I Israel, of house ye O equal. not is Lord the of way The say, ye Yet
thereby. live shall he right, and lawful is which that do and wickedness, his from turn wicked the if But
thereby. die even shall he iniquity, committeth and righteousness, his from turneth righteous the When
equal. not is way their them, for as but equal: not is Lord the of way The say, people thy of children the Yet
live. surely shall he right; and lawful is which that done hath he him: unto mentioned be shall committed hath he that sins his of None
die. not shall he live, surely shall he iniquity; committing without life, of statutes the in walk robbed, had he that again give pledge, the restore wicked the If
right; and lawful is which that do and sin, his from turn he if die; surely shalt Thou wicked, the unto say I when Again,
it. for die shall he committed, hath he that iniquity his for but remembered; be not shall righteousnesses his all iniquity, commit and righteousness, own his to trust he if live; surely shall he that righteous, the to say shall I When
sinneth. he that day the in righteousness his for live to able be righteous the shall neither wickedness; his from turneth he that day the in thereby fall not shall he wicked, the of wickedness the for as transgression: his of day the in him deliver not shall righteous the of righteousness The people, thy of children the unto say man, of son thou Therefore,
Israel? of house O die, ye will why for ways; evil your from ye turn ye, turn live: and way his from turn wicked the that but wicked; the of death the in pleasure no have I , God Lord the saith live, I As them, unto Say
live? then we should how them, in away pine we and us, upon be sins our and transgressions our If saying, speak, ye Thus Israel; of house the unto speak man, of son thou O Therefore,
soul. thy delivered hast thou but iniquity; his in die shall he way, his from turn not do he if it; from turn to way his of wicked the warn thou if Nevertheless,
hand. thine at require I will blood his but iniquity; his in die shall man wicked that way, his from wicked the warn to speak not dost thou if die; surely shalt thou man, wicked O wicked, the unto say I When
me. from them warn and mouth, my at word the hear shalt thou therefore Israel; of house the unto watchman a thee set have I man, of son O thou, So
hand. watchman's the at require I will blood his but iniquity; his in away taken is he them, among from person any take and come, sword the if warned; not be people the and trumpet, the not blow and come, sword the see watchman the if But
soul. his deliver shall warning taketh that he But him. upon be shall blood his warning; not took and trumpet, the of sound the heard He
head. own his upon be shall blood his away, him take and come, sword the if warning; not taketh and trumpet, the of sound the heareth whosoever Then
people; the warn and trumpet, the blow he land, the upon come sword the seeth he when If
watchman: their for him set and coasts, their of man a take land the of people the if land, a upon sword the bring I When them, unto say and people, thy of children the to speak man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Again
. God Lord the saith multitude, his all and Pharaoh even sword, the with slain are that them with uncircumcised the of midst the in laid be shall he and living: the of land the in terror my caused have I For
. God Lord the saith sword, the by slain army his all and Pharaoh even multitude, his all over comforted be shall and them, see shall Pharaoh
pit. the to down go that them with shame their bear and sword, the by slain be that them with uncircumcised lie they and might; their of ashamed are they terror their with slain; the with down gone are which Zidonians, the all and them, of all north, the of princes the be There
pit. the to down go that them with and uncircumcised, the with lie shall they sword: the by slain were that them by laid are might their with which princes, her all and kings, her Edom, is There
sword. the with slain are that them with lie shalt and uncircumcised, the of midst the in broken be shalt thou Yea,
living. the of land the in mighty the of terror the were they though bones, their upon be shall iniquities their but heads, their under swords their laid have they and war: of weapons their with hell to down gone are which uncircumcised, the of fallen are that mighty the with lie not shall they And
living. the of land the in terror their caused they though sword, the by slain uncircumcised, them of all him: about round are graves her multitude: her all and Tubal, Meshech, is There
slain. be that them of midst the in put is he pit: the to down go that them with shame their borne they have yet living, the of land the in caused was terror their though sword: the by slain uncircumcised, them of all him: about round are graves her multitude: her all with slain the of midst the in bed a her set have They
pit. the to down go that them with shame their borne they have yet living; the of land the in terror their caused which earth, the of parts nether the into uncircumcised down gone are which sword, the by fallen slain, them of all grave, her about round multitude her all and Elam is There
living. the of land the in terror caused which sword, the by fallen slain, them of all grave: her about round is company her and pit, the of sides the in set are graves Whose
sword: the by fallen slain, them of all him: about are graves his company: her all and there is Asshur
sword. the by slain uncircumcised, lie they down, gone are they him: help that them with hell of midst the of out him to speak shall mighty the among strong The
multitudes. her all and her draw sword: the to delivered is she sword: the by slain are that them of midst the in fall shall They
uncircumcised. the with laid thou be and down, go beauty? in pass thou dost Whom
pit. the into down go that them with earth, the of parts nether the unto nations, famous the of daughters the and her, even down, them cast and Egypt, of multitude the for wail man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the that month, the of day fifteenth the in year, twelfth the in also pass to came It
. God Lord the saith multitude, her all for and Egypt, for even her, for lament shall they her: lament shall nations the of daughters the her: lament shall they wherewith lamentation the is This
. Lord the am I that know they shall then therein, dwell that them all smite shall I when full, was it whereof that of destitute be shall country the and desolate, Egypt of land the make shall I When
. God Lord the saith oil, like run to rivers their cause and deep, waters their make I will Then
them. trouble beasts of hoofs the nor more, any them trouble man of foot the shall neither waters; great the beside from thereof beasts the all also destroy will I
destroyed. be shall thereof multitude the all and Egypt, of pomp the spoil shall they and them: of all nations, the of terrible the fall, to multitude thy cause I will mighty the of swords the By
thee. upon come shall Babylon of king the of sword The ; God Lord the saith thus For
fall. thy of day the in life, own his for man every moment, every at tremble shall they and them; before sword my brandish shall I when thee, for afraid horribly be shall kings their and thee, at amazed people many make will I Yea,
known. not hast thou which countries the into nations, the among destruction thy bring shall I when people, many of hearts the vex also will I
. God Lord the saith land, thy upon darkness set and thee, over dark make I will heaven of lights bright the All
light. her give not shall moon the and cloud, a with sun the cover will I dark; thereof stars the make and heaven, the cover will I out, thee put shall I when And
thee. of full be shall rivers the and mountains; the to even swimmest, thou wherein land the blood thy with water also will I
height. thy with valleys the fill and mountains, the upon flesh thy lay will I And
thee. with earth whole the of beasts the fill will I and thee, upon remain to heaven the of fowls the all cause will and field, open the upon forth thee cast will I land, the upon thee leave I will Then
net. my in up thee bring shall they and people; many of company a with thee over net my out spread therefore will I ; God Lord the saith Thus
rivers. their fouledst and feet, thy with waters the troubledst and rivers, thy with forth camest thou and seas: the in whale a as art thou and nations, the of lion young a like art Thou him, unto say and Egypt, of king Pharaoh for lamentation a up take man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the that month, the of day first the in month, twelfth the in year, twelfth the in pass to came it And
. God Lord the saith multitude, his all and Pharaoh is This sword. the by slain be that them with uncircumcised the of midst the in lie shalt thou earth: the of parts nether the unto Eden of trees the with down brought be thou shalt yet Eden? of trees the among greatness in and glory in like thus thou art whom To
heathen. the of midst the in shadow his under dwelt that arm, his were that they and sword; the with slain be that them unto him with hell into down went also They
earth. the of parts nether the in comforted be shall water, drink that all Lebanon, of best and choice the Eden, of trees the all and pit: the into descend that them with hell to down him cast I when fall, his of sound the at shake to nations the made I
him. for fainted field the of trees the all and him, for mourn to Lebanon caused I and stayed: were waters great the and thereof, floods the restrained I and him, for deep the covered I mourning: a caused I grave the to down went he when day the In ; God Lord the saith Thus
pit. the to down go that them with men, of children the of midst the in earth, the of parts nether the to death, unto delivered all are they for water: drink that all height, their in up stand trees their neither boughs, thick the among top their up shoot neither height, their for themselves exalt waters the by trees the all of none that end the To
branches: his upon be shall field the of beasts the all and remain, heaven the of fowls the all shall ruin his Upon
him. left have and shadow, his from down gone are earth the of people the all and land; the of rivers the all by broken are boughs his and fallen, are branches his valleys the all in and mountains the upon him: left have and off, him cut have nations, the of terrible the strangers, And
wickedness. his for out him driven have I him: with deal surely shall he heathen; the of one mighty the of hand the into him delivered therefore have I
height; his in up lifted is heart his and boughs, thick the among top his up shot hath he and height, in thyself up lifted hast thou Because ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
him. envied God, of garden the in were that Eden, of trees the all that so branches: his of multitude the by fair him made have I
beauty. his in him unto like was God of garden the in tree any nor branches; his like not were trees chestnut the and boughs, his like not were trees fir the him: hide not could God of garden the in cedars The
waters. great by was root his for branches: his of length the in greatness, his in fair he was Thus
nations. great all dwelt shadow his under and young, their forth bring field the of beasts the all did branches his under and boughs, his in nests their made heaven of fowls the All
forth. shot he when waters, of multitude the of because long became branches his and multiplied, were boughs his and field, the of trees the all above exalted was height his Therefore
field. the of trees the all unto rivers little her sent and plants, his about round running rivers her with high on up him set deep the great, him made waters The
boughs. thick the among was top his and stature; high an of and shroud, shadowing a with and branches, fair with Lebanon in cedar a was Assyrian the Behold,
greatness? thy in like thou art Whom multitude; his to and Egypt, of king Pharaoh unto speak man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the that month, the of day first the in month, third the in year, eleventh the in pass to came it And
. Lord the am I that know shall they and countries; the among them disperse and nations, the among Egyptians the scatter will I And
Egypt. of land the upon out it stretch shall he and Babylon, of king the of hand the into sword my put shall I when , Lord the am I that know shall they and down; fall shall Pharaoh of arms the and Babylon, of king the of arms the strengthen will I But
man. wounded deadly a of groanings the with him before groan shall he and arms, Pharaoh's break will I but hand: his in sword my put and Babylon, of king the of arms the strengthen will I And
countries. the through them disperse will and nations, the among Egyptians the scatter will I And
hand. his of out fall to sword the cause will I and broken; was which that and strong, the arms, his break will and Egypt, of king Pharaoh against am I Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
sword. the hold to strong it make to it, bind to roller a put to healed, be to up bound be not shall it lo, and, Egypt; of king Pharaoh of arm the broken have I man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the that month, the of day seventh the in month, first the in year, eleventh the in pass to came it And
. Lord the am I that know shall they and Egypt: in judgments execute I will Thus
captivity. into go shall daughters her and her, cover shall cloud a her, for as her: in cease shall strength her of pomp the and Egypt: of yokes the there break shall I when darkened, be shall day the also Tehaphnehes At
captivity. into go shall cities these and sword: the by fall shall Pibeseth of and Aven of men young The
daily. distresses have shall Noph and asunder, rent be shall No and pain, great have shall Sin Egypt: in fire set will I And
No. of multitude the off cut will I and Egypt; of strength the Sin, upon fury my pour will I And
No. in judgments execute will and Zoan, in fire set will and desolate, Pathros make will I And
Egypt. of land the in fear a put will I and Egypt: of land the of prince a more no be shall there and Noph; of out cease to images their cause will I and idols, the destroy also will I ; God Lord the saith Thus
it. spoken have Lord the I strangers: of hand the by therein, is that all and waste, land the make will I and wicked: the of hand the into land the sell and dry, rivers the make will I And
slain. the with land the fill and Egypt, against swords their draw shall they and land: the destroy to brought be shall nations, the of terrible the him, with people his and He
Babylon. of king Nebuchadrezzar of hand the by cease to Egypt of multitude the make also will I ; God Lord the saith Thus
cometh. it lo, for, Egypt: of day the in as them, upon come shall pain great and afraid, Ethiopians careless the make to ships in me from forth go messengers shall day that In
destroyed. be shall helpers her all when and Egypt, in fire a set have I when , Lord the am I that know shall they And
wasted. are that cities the of midst the in be shall cities her and desolate, are that countries the of midst the in desolate be shall they And
. God Lord the saith sword, the by it in fall they shall Syene of tower the from down: come shall power her of pride the and fall; shall Egypt uphold that also They ; Lord the saith Thus
sword. the by them with fall shall league, in is that land the of men the and Chub, and people, mingled the all and Lydia, and Libya, and Ethiopia,
down. broken be shall foundations her and multitude, her away take shall they and Egypt, in fall shall slain the when Ethiopia, in be shall pain great and Egypt, upon come shall sword the And
heathen. the of time the be shall it day; cloudy a near, is Lord the of day the even near, is day the For
day! the worth Woe ye, Howl ; God Lord the saith Thus say, and prophesy man, of Son
saying, me, unto again came Lord the of word The
. Lord the am I that know shall they and them; of midst the in mouth the of opening the thee give will I and forth, bud to Israel of house the of horn the cause I will day that In
. God Lord the saith me, for wrought they because it, against served he wherewith labour his for Egypt of land the him given have I
army. his for wages the be shall it and prey; her take and spoil, her take and multitude, her take shall he and Babylon; of king Nebuchadrezzar unto Egypt of land the give will I Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
it: against served had he that service the for Tyrus, for army, his nor wages, no he had yet peeled: was shoulder every and bald, made was head every Tyrus: against service great a serve to army his caused Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the month, the of day first the in month, first the in year, twentieth and seven the in pass to came it And
. God Lord the am I that know shall they but them: after look shall they when remembrance, to iniquity their bringeth which Israel, of house the of confidence the more no be shall it And
nations. the over rule more no shall they that them, diminish will I for nations: the above more any itself exalt it shall neither kingdoms; the of basest the be shall It
kingdom. base a there be shall they and habitation; their of land the into Pathros, of land the into return to them cause will and Egypt, of captivity the again bring will I And
scattered: were they whither people the from Egyptians the gather I will years forty of end the At ; God Lord the saith thus Yet
countries. the through them disperse will and nations, the among Egyptians the scatter will I and years: forty desolate be shall waste laid are that cities the among cities her and desolate, are that countries the of midst the in desolate Egypt of land the make will I And
years. forty inhabited be it shall neither it, through pass shall beast of foot nor it, through pass shall man of foot No
Ethiopia. of border the unto even Syene of tower the from desolate, and waste utterly Egypt of land the make will I and rivers, thy against and thee, against am I therefore Behold,
it. made have I and mine, is river The said, hath he because : Lord the am I that know shall they and waste; and desolate be shall Egypt of land the And
thee. of out beast and man off cut and thee, upon sword a bring will I Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
stand. a at be to loins their all madest and brakest, thou thee, upon leaned they when and shoulder: their all rend and break, didst thou hand, thy by thee of hold took they When
Israel. of house the to reed of staff a been have they because , Lord the am I that know shall Egypt of inhabitants the all And
heaven. the of fowls the to and field the of beasts the to meat for thee given have I gathered: nor together, brought be not shalt thou fields; open the upon fall shalt thou rivers: thy of fish the all and thee wilderness, the into thrown thee leave will I And
scales. thy unto stick shall rivers thy of fish the all and rivers, thy of midst the of out up thee bring will I and scales, thy unto stick to rivers thy of fish the cause will I and jaws, thy in hooks put will I But
myself. for it made have I and own, mine is river My said, hath which rivers, his of midst the in lieth that dragon great the Egypt, of king Pharaoh thee, against am I Behold, ; God Lord the saith Thus say, and Speak,
Egypt: all against and him, against prophesy and Egypt, of king Pharaoh against face thy set man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the month, the of day twelfth the in month, tenth the in year, tenth the In
God. their Lord the am I that know shall they and them; about round them despise that those all upon judgments executed have I when confidence, with dwell shall they yea, vineyards; plant and houses, build shall and therein, safely dwell shall they And
Jacob. servant my to given have I that land their in dwell they shall then heathen, the of sight the in them in sanctified be shall and scattered, are they whom among people the from Israel of house the gathered have shall I When ; God Lord the saith Thus
. God Lord the am I that know shall they and them; despised that them, about round are that all of thorn grieving any nor Israel, of house the unto brier pricking a more no be shall there And
. Lord the am I that know shall they and side; every on her upon sword the by her of midst the in judged be shall wounded the and streets; her into blood and pestilence, her into send will I For
her. in sanctified be shall and her, in judgments executed have shall I when , Lord the am I that know shall they and thee: of midst the in glorified be will I and Zidon; O thee, against am I Behold, ; God Lord the saith Thus say, And
it, against prophesy and Zidon, against face thy set man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Again
more. any be thou shalt never and terror, a be shalt thou thee: at astonished be shall people the among thee know that they All
thee. behold that them all of sight the in earth the upon ashes to thee bring will I and thee, devour shall it thee, of midst the from fire a forth bring I will therefore traffick; thy of iniquity the by iniquities, thine of multitude the by sanctuaries thy defiled hast Thou
thee. behold may they that kings, before thee lay will I ground, the to thee cast will I brightness: thy of reason by wisdom thy corrupted hast thou beauty, thy of because up lifted was heart Thine
fire. of stones the of midst the from cherub, covering O thee, destroy will I and God: of mountain the of out profane as thee cast will I therefore sinned: hast thou and violence, with thee of midst the filled have they merchandise thy of multitude the By
thee. in found was iniquity till created, wast thou that day the from ways thy in perfect wast Thou
fire. of stones the of midst the in down and up walked hast thou God; of mountain holy the upon wast thou so: thee set have I and covereth; that cherub anointed the art Thou
created. wast thou that day the in thee in prepared was pipes thy of and tabrets thy of workmanship the gold: and carbuncle, the and emerald, the sapphire, the jasper, the and onyx, the beryl, the diamond, the and topaz, sardius, the covering, thy was stone precious every God; of garden the Eden in been hast Thou
beauty. in perfect and wisdom, of full sum, the up sealest Thou ; God Lord the saith Thus him, unto say and Tyrus, of king the upon lamentation a up take man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Moreover
. God Lord the saith it, spoken have I for strangers: of hand the by uncircumcised the of deaths the die shalt Thou
thee. slayeth that him of hand the in God, no and man, a be shalt thou but God? am I thee, slayeth that him before say yet thou Wilt
seas. the of midst the in slain are that them of deaths the die shalt thou and pit, the to down thee bring shall They
brightness. thy defile shall they and wisdom, thy of beauty the against swords their draw shall they and nations: the of terrible the thee, upon strangers bring will I therefore Behold,
God; of heart the as heart thine set hast thou Because ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
riches: thy of because up lifted is heart thine and riches, thy increased thou hast traffick thy by and wisdom great thy By
treasures: thy into silver and gold gotten hast and riches, thee gotten hast thou understanding thine with and wisdom thy With
thee: from hide can they that secret no is there Daniel; than wiser art thou Behold,
God: of heart the as heart thine set thou though God, not and man, a art thou yet seas; the of midst the in God, of seat the in sit I God, a am I said, hast thou and up, lifted is heart thine Because ; God Lord the saith Thus Tyrus, of prince the unto say man, of Son
saying, me, unto again came Lord the of word The
more. any be shalt never and terror, a be shalt thou thee; at hiss shall people the among merchants The
countenance. their in troubled be shall they afraid, sore be shall kings their and thee, at astonished be shall isles the of inhabitants the All
fall. shall thee of midst the in company thy all and merchandise thy waters the of depths the in seas the by broken be shalt thou when time the In
merchandise. thy of and riches thy of multitude the with earth the of kings the enrich didst thou people; many filledst thou seas, the of out forth went wares thy When
sea? the of midst the in destroyed the like Tyrus, like is city What saying, thee, over lament and thee, for lamentation a up take shall they wailing their in And
wailing. bitter and heart of bitterness with thee for weep shall they and sackcloth, with them gird and thee, for bald utterly themselves make shall they And
ashes: the in themselves wallow shall they heads, their upon dust up cast shall and bitterly, cry shall and thee, against heard be to voice their cause shall And
land; the upon stand shall they ships, their from down come shall sea, the of pilots the all and mariners, the oar, the handle that all And
pilots. thy of cry the of sound the at shake shall suburbs The
ruin. thy of day the in seas the of midst the into fall shall thee, of midst the in is which company thy all in and thee, in are that war, of men thy all and merchandise, thy of occupiers the and calkers, thy pilots, thy and mariners, thy merchandise, thy fairs, thy and riches, Thy
seas. the of midst the in thee broken hath wind east the waters: great into thee brought have rowers Thy
seas. the of midst the in glorious very made and replenished, wast thou and market: thy in thee of sing did Tarshish of ships The
merchandise. thy among cedar, of made and cords, with bound apparel, rich of chests in and work, broidered and clothes, blue in things, of sorts all in merchants thy were These
merchants. thy were Chilmad, and Asshur, Sheba, of merchants the Eden, and Canneh, and Haran,
gold. and stones, precious all with and spices, all of chief with fairs thy in occupied they merchants: thy were they Raamah, and Sheba of merchants The
merchants. thy they were these in goats: and rams, and lambs, in thee with occupied they Kedar, of princes the all and Arabia,
chariots. for clothes precious in merchant thy was Dedan
market. thy in were calamus, and cassia, iron, bright fairs: thy in occupied fro and to going Javan and also Dan
wool. white and Helbon, of wine the in riches; all of multitude the for making, thy of wares the of multitude the in merchant thy was Damascus
balm. and oil, and honey, and Pannag, and Minnith, of wheat market thy in traded they merchants: thy were they Israel, of land the and Judah,
agate. and coral, and linen, fine and work, broidered and purple, emeralds, with fairs thy in occupied they making: thy of wares the of multitude the of reason by merchant thy was Syria
ebony. and ivory of horns present a for thee brought they hand: thine of merchandise the were isles many merchants; thy were Dedan of men The
mules. and horsemen and horses with fairs thy in traded Togarmah of house the of They
market. thy in brass of vessels and men of persons the traded they merchants: thy were they Meshech, and Tubal, Javan,
fairs. thy in traded they lead, and tin, iron, silver, with riches; of kind all of multitude the of reason by merchant thy was Tarshish
perfect. beauty thy made have they about; round walls thy upon shields their hanged they towers: thy in were Gammadims the and about, round walls thy upon were army thine with Arvad of men The
comeliness. thy forth set they thee; in helmet and shield the hanged they war: of men thy army, thine in were Phut of and Lud of and Persia of They
merchandise. thy occupy to thee in were mariners their with sea the of ships the all calkers: thy thee in were thereof men wise the and Gebal of ancients The
pilots. thy were thee, in were that Tyrus, O men, wise thy mariners: thy were Arvad and Zidon of inhabitants The
thee. covered which that was Elishah of isles the from purple and blue sail; thy be to forth spreadest thou which that was Egypt from work broidered with linen Fine
Chittim. of isles the of out brought ivory, of benches thy made have Ashurites the of company the oars; thine made they have Bashan of oaks the Of
thee. for masts make to Lebanon from cedars taken have they Senir: of trees fir of boards ship thy all made have They
beauty. thy perfected have builders thy seas, the of midst the in are borders Thy
beauty. perfect of am I said, hast thou Tyrus, O ; God Lord the saith Thus isles, many for people the of merchant a art which sea, the of entry the at situate art that thou O Tyrus, unto say And
Tyrus; for lamentation a up take man, of son thou Now,
saying, me, unto again came Lord the of word The
. God Lord the saith again, found be never thou shalt yet for, sought be thou though more: no be shalt thou and terror, a thee make will I
living; the of land the in glory set shall I and inhabited; not be thou that pit, the to down go that them with old, of desolate places in earth, the of parts low the in thee set shall and time, old of people the with pit, the into descend that them with down thee bring shall I When
thee; cover shall waters great and thee, upon deep the up bring shall I when inhabited; not are that cities the like city, desolate a thee make shall I When ; God Lord the saith thus For
departure. thy at troubled be shall sea the in are that isles the yea, fall; thy of day the in tremble isles the shall Now
it! haunt that all on be to terror their cause which inhabitants, her and she sea, the in strong wast which city, renowned the men, seafaring of inhabited wast that destroyed, thou art How thee, to say and thee, for lamentation a up take shall they And
thee. at astonished be and moment, every at tremble shall and ground, the upon sit shall they trembling; with themselves clothe shall they garments: broidered their off put and robes, their away lay and thrones, their from down come shall sea the of princes the all Then
thee? of midst the in made is slaughter the when cry, wounded the when fall, thy of sound the at shake isles the not Shall Tyrus; to God Lord the saith Thus
. God Lord the saith it, spoken have Lord the I for more: no built be shalt thou upon; nets spread to place a be shalt thou rock: a of top the like thee make will I And
heard. more no be shall harps thy of sound the and cease; to songs thy of noise the cause will I And
water. the of midst the in dust thy and timber thy and stones thy lay shall they and houses: pleasant thy destroy and walls, thy down break shall they and merchandise: thy of prey a make and riches, thy of spoil a make shall they And
ground. the to down go shall garrisons strong thy and sword, the by people thy slay shall he streets: thy all down tread he shall horses his of hoofs the With
breach. a made is wherein city a into enter men as gates, thy into enter shall he when chariots, the of and wheels, the of and horsemen, the of noise the at shake shall walls thy thee: cover shall dust their horses his of abundance the of reason By
towers. thy down break shall he axes his with and walls, thy against war of engines set shall he And
thee. against buckler the up lift and thee, against mount a cast and thee, against fort a make shall he and field: the in daughters thy sword the with slay shall He
people. much and companies, and horsemen, with and chariots, with and horses, with north, the from kings, of king a Babylon, of king Nebuchadrezzar Tyrus upon bring will I Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus For
. Lord the am I that know shall they and sword; the by slain be shall field the in are which daughters her And
nations. the to spoil a become shall it and : God Lord the saith it, spoken have I for sea: the of midst the in nets of spreading the for place a be shall It
rock. a of top the like her make and her, from dust her scrape also will I towers: her down break and Tyrus, of walls the destroy shall they And
up. come to waves his causeth sea the as thee, against up come to nations many cause will and Tyrus, O thee, against am I Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
waste: laid is she now replenished, be shall I me: unto turned is she people: the of gates the was that broken is she Aha, Jerusalem, against said hath Tyrus that because man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the that month, the of day first the in year, eleventh the in pass to came it And
them. upon vengeance my lay shall I when , Lord the am I that know shall they and rebukes; furious with them upon vengeance great execute will I And
coast. sea the of remnant the destroy and Cherethims, the off cut will I and Philistines, the upon hand mine out stretch will I Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
hatred; old the for it destroy to heart, despiteful a with vengeance taken have and revenge, by dealt have Philistines the Because ; God Lord the saith Thus
. God Lord the saith vengeance, my know shall they and fury; my to according and anger mine to according Edom in do shall they and Israel: people my of hand the by Edom upon vengeance my lay will I And
sword. the by fall shall Dedan of they and Teman; from desolate it make will I and it; from beast and man off cut will and Edom, upon hand mine out stretch also will I ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
them; upon himself revenged and offended, greatly hath and vengeance, taking by Judah of house the against dealt hath Edom that Because ; God Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the am I that know shall they and Moab; upon judgments execute will I And
nations. the among remembered be not may Ammonites the that possession, in them give will and Ammonites, the with east the of men the Unto
Kiriathaim, and Baalmeon, Bethjeshimoth, country, the of glory the frontiers, his on are which cities his from cities, the from Moab of side the open will I behold, Therefore,
heathen; the all unto like is Judah of house the Behold, say, do Seir and Moab that Because ; God Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the am I that know shalt thou and thee; destroy will I countries: the of out perish to thee cause will I and people, the from off thee cut will I and heathen; the to spoil a for thee deliver will and thee, upon hand mine out stretch will I therefore Behold,
Israel; of land the against despite thy all with heart in rejoiced and feet, the with stamped and hands, thine clapped hast thou Because ; God Lord the saith thus For
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and flocks: for place couching a Ammonites the and camels, for stable a Rabbah make will I And
milk. thy drink shall they and fruit, thy eat shall they thee: in dwellings their make and thee, in palaces their set shall they and possession, a for east the of men the to thee deliver will I therefore Behold,
captivity; into went they when Judah, of house the against and desolate; was it when Israel, of land the against and profaned; was it when sanctuary, my against Aha, saidst, thou Because ; God Lord the saith Thus ; God Lord the of word the Hear Ammonites, the unto say And
them; against prophesy and Ammonites, the against face thy set man, of Son
saying, me, unto again came Lord the of word The
. Lord the am I that know shall they and them; unto sign a be shalt thou and dumb: more no be and speak, shalt thou and escaped, is which him to opened be mouth thy shall day that In
ears? thine with it hear to thee cause to thee, unto come shall day that in escapeth that he That
daughters, their and sons their minds, their set they whereupon that and eyes, their of desire the glory, their of joy the strength, their them from take I when day the in be not it shall man, of son thou Also,
. God Lord the am I that know shall ye cometh, this when and do: ye shall done hath he that all to according sign: a you unto is Ezekiel Thus
another. toward one mourn and iniquities, your for away pine shall ye but weep; nor mourn not shall ye feet: your upon shoes your and heads, your upon be shall tires your And
men. of bread the eat nor lips, your cover not shall ye done: have I as do shall ye And
sword. the by fall shall left have ye whom daughters your and sons your and pitieth; soul your which that and eyes, your of desire the strength, your of excellency the sanctuary, my profane will I Behold, ; God Lord the saith Thus Israel, of house the unto Speak
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word The them, answered I Then
so? doest thou that us, to are things these what us tell not thou Wilt me, unto said people the And
commanded. was I as morning the in did I and died; wife my even at and morning: the in people the unto spake I So
men. of bread the not eat and lips, thy not cover and feet, thy upon shoes thy on put and thee, upon head thine of tire the bind dead, the for mourning no make cry, to Forbear
down. run tears thy shall neither weep, nor mourn thou shalt neither yet stroke: a with eyes thine of desire the thee from away take I behold, man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Also
. God Lord the saith thee, judge they shall doings, thy to according and ways, thy to according repent; I will neither spare, I will neither back, go not will I it; do will I and pass, to come shall it it: spoken have Lord the I
thee. upon rest to fury my caused have I till more, any filthiness thy from purged be not shalt thou purged, not wast thou and thee, purged have I because lewdness: is filthiness thy In
fire. the in be shall scum her her: of out forth not went scum great her and lies, with herself wearied hath She
consumed. be may it of scum the that it, in molten be may it of filthiness the that and burn, may and hot, be may it of brass the that thereof, coals the upon empty it set Then
burned. be bones the let and well, it spice and flesh, the consume fire, the kindle wood, on Heap
great. fire for pile the make even will I city! bloody the to Woe ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
covered. be not should it that rock, a of top the upon blood her set have I vengeance; take to up come to fury cause might it That
dust; with it cover to ground, the upon not it poured she rock; a of top the upon it set she her; of midst the in is blood her For
it. upon fall lot no let piece; by piece out it bring it! of out gone not is scum whose and therein, is scum whose pot the to city, bloody the to Woe ; God Lord the saith thus Wherefore
therein. it of bones the seethe them let and well, boil it make and it, under bones the also burn and flock, the of choice the Take
bones. choice the with it fill shoulder; the and thigh, the piece, good every even it, into thereof pieces the Gather
it: into water pour also and on, it set pot, a on Set ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto say and house, rebellious the unto parable a utter And
day. same this Jerusalem against himself set Babylon of king the day: same this of even day, the of name the thee write man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the month, the of day tenth the in month, tenth the in year, ninth the in Again
. God Lord the am I that know shall ye and idols: your of sins the bear shall ye and you, upon lewdness your recompense shall they And
lewdness. your after do to not taught be may women all that land, the of out cease to lewdness cause I will Thus
fire. with houses their up burn and daughters, their and sons their slay shall they swords; their with them dispatch and stones, with them stone shall company the And
spoiled. and removed be to them give will and them, upon company a up bring will I ; God Lord the saith thus For
hands. their in is blood and adulteresses, are they because blood; shed that women of manner the after and adulteresses, of manner the after them judge shall they men, righteous the And
women. lewd the Aholibah, unto and Aholah unto in they went so harlot: the playeth that woman a unto in go they as her, unto in went they Yet
them? with she and her, with whoredoms commit now they Will adulteries, in old was that her unto I said Then
heads. their upon crowns beautiful and hands, their upon bracelets put which wilderness, the from Sabeans brought were sort common the of men the with and her: with was ease at being multitude a of voice a And
oil. mine and incense mine set hast thou whereupon it, before prepared table a and bed, stately a upon satest And
ornaments, with thyself deckedst and eyes, thy paintedst thyself, wash didst thou whom for came: they lo, and, sent; was messenger a whom unto far, from come to men for sent have ye that furthermore, And
house. mine of midst the in done they have thus lo, and, it; profane to sanctuary my into day same the came they then idols, their to children their slain had they when For
sabbaths. my profaned have and day, same the in sanctuary my defiled have they me: unto done have they this Moreover
them. devour to fire, the through them for pass to me, unto bare they whom sons, their caused also have and adultery, committed they have idols their with and hands, their in is blood and adultery, committed have they That
abominations; their them unto declare yea, Aholibah? and Aholah judge thou wilt man, of Son me; unto moreover said Lord The
whoredoms. thy and lewdness thy also thou bear therefore back, thy behind me cast and me, forgotten hast thou Because ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
. God Lord the saith it, spoken have I for breasts: own thine off pluck and thereof, sherds the break shalt thou and out, it suck and it drink even shalt Thou
Samaria. sister thy of cup the with desolation, and astonishment of cup the with sorrow, and drunkenness with filled be shalt Thou
much. containeth it derision; in had and scorn to laughed be shalt thou large: and deep cup sister's thy of drink shalt Thou ; God Lord the saith Thus
hand. thine into cup her give I will therefore sister; thy of way the in walked hast Thou
idols. their with polluted art thou because and heathen, the after whoring a gone hast thou because thee, unto things these do will I
whoredoms. thy and lewdness thy both discovered, be shall whoredoms thy of nakedness the and bare: and naked thee leave shall and labour, thy all away take shall and hatefully, thee with deal shall they And
alienated: is mind thy whom from them of hand the into hatest, thou whom them of hand the into thee deliver will I Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus For
more. any Egypt remember nor them, unto eyes thine up lift not shalt thou that so Egypt: of land the from brought whoredom thy and thee, from cease to lewdness thy make I will Thus
jewels. fair thy away take and clothes, thy of out thee strip also shall They
fire. the by devoured be shall residue thy and daughters; thy and sons thy take shall they sword: the by fall shall remnant thy and ears; thine and nose thy away take shall they thee: with furiously deal shall they and thee, against jealousy my set will I And
judgments. their to according thee judge shall they and them, before judgment set will I and about: round helmet and shield and buckler thee against set shall which people, of assembly an with and wheels, and wagons, chariots, with thee against come shall they And
horses. upon riding them of all renowned, and lords great rulers, and captains men, young desirable them of all them: with Assyrians the all and Koa, and Shoa, and Pekod, Chaldeans, the all and Babylonians, The
side; every on thee against them bring will I and alienated, is mind thy whom from thee, against lovers thy up raise will I Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus Aholibah, O Therefore,
youth. thy of paps the for Egyptians the by teats thy bruising in youth, thy of lewdness the remembrance to calledst thou Thus
horses. of issue the like is issue whose and asses, of flesh the as is flesh whose paramours, their upon doted she For
Egypt. of land the in harlot the played had she wherein youth, her of days the remembrance to calling in whoredoms, her multiplied she Yet
sister. her from alienated was mind my as like her, from alienated was mind my then nakedness: her discovered and whoredoms, her discovered she So
them. from alienated was mind her and them, with polluted was she and whoredom, their with her defiled they and love, of bed the into her to came Babylonians the And
Chaldea. into them unto messengers sent and them, upon doted she eyes, her with them saw she as soon as And
nativity: their of land the Chaldea, of Babylonians the of manner the after to, look to princes them of all heads, their upon attire dyed in exceeding loins, their upon girdles with Girded
vermilion, with pourtrayed Chaldeans the of images the wall, the upon pourtrayed men saw she when for whoredoms: her increased she that And
way, one both took they that defiled, was she that saw I Then
men. young desirable them of all horses, upon riding horsemen gorgeously, most clothed rulers and captains neighbours, her Assyrians the upon doted She
whoredoms. her in sister her than more whoredoms her in and she, than love inordinate her in corrupt more was she this, saw Aholibah sister her when And
her. upon judgment executed had they for women; among famous became she and sword: the with her slew and daughters, her and sons her took they nakedness: her discovered These
doted. she whom upon Assyrians, the of hand the into lovers, her of hand the into her delivered have I Wherefore
her. upon whoredom their poured and virginity, her of breasts the bruised they and her, with lay they youth her in for Egypt: from brought whoredoms her she left Neither
herself. defiled she idols their all with doted: she whom on all with and Assyria, of men chosen the were that them all with them, with whoredoms her committed she Thus
horses. upon riding horsemen men, young desirable them of all rulers, and captains blue, with clothed were Which
neighbours, her Assyrians the on lovers, her on doted she and mine; was she when harlot the played Aholah And
Aholibah. Jerusalem and Aholah, is Samaria names; their were Thus daughters. and sons bare they and mine, were they and sister: her Aholibah and elder, the Aholah were them of names the And
virginity. their of teats the bruised they there and pressed, breasts their were there youth: their in whoredoms committed they Egypt; in whoredoms committed they And
mother: one of daughters the women, two were there man, of Son
saying, me, unto again came Lord the of word The
. God Lord the saith heads, their upon recompensed I have way own their wrath: my of fire the with them consumed have I them; upon indignation mine out poured I have Therefore
none. found I but it: destroy not should I that land, the for me before gap the in stand and hedge, the up make should that them, among man a for sought I And
wrongfully. stranger the oppressed have they yea, needy: and poor the vexed have and robbery, exercised and oppression, used have land the of people The
spoken. not hath Lord the when , God Lord the saith Thus saying, them, unto lies divining and vanity, seeing morter, untempered with them daubed have prophets her And
gain. dishonest get to souls, destroy to and blood, shed to prey, the ravening wolves like are thereof midst the in princes Her
them. among profaned am I and sabbaths, my from eyes their hid have and clean, the and unclean the between difference shewed they have neither profane, and holy the between difference no put have they things: holy mine profaned have and law, my violated have priests Her
thereof. midst the in widows many her made have they things; precious and treasure the taken have they souls; devoured have they prey; the ravening lion roaring a like thereof, midst the in prophets her of conspiracy a is There
indignation. of day the in upon rained nor cleansed, not is that land the art Thou her, unto say man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the And
you. upon fury my out poured have Lord the I that know shall ye and thereof; midst the in melted be ye shall so furnace, the of midst the in melted is silver As
therof. midst the in melted be shall ye and wrath, my of fire the in you upon blow and you, gather will I Yea,
you. melt and there, you leave will I and fury, my in and anger mine in you gather I will so it; melt to it, upon fire the blow to furnace, the of midst the into tin, and lead, and iron, and brass, and silver, gather they As
Jerusalem. of midst the into you gather will I therefore behold, dross, become all are ye Because ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
silver. of dross the even are they furnace; the of midst the in lead, and iron, and tin, and brass, are they all dross: become me to is Israel of house the man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the And
. Lord the am I that know shalt thou and heathen, the of sight the in thyself in inheritance thine take shalt thou And
thee. of out filthiness thy consume will and countries, the in thee disperse and heathen, the among thee scatter will I And
it. do will and it, spoken have Lord the I thee? with deal shall I that days the in strong, be hands thine can or endure, heart thine Can
thee. of midst the in been hath which blood thy at and made, hast thou which gain dishonest thy at hand mine smitten have I therefore Behold,
. God Lord the saith me, forgotten hast and extortion, by neighbours thy of gained greedily hast thou and increase, and usury taken hast thou blood; shed to gifts taken they have thee In
daughter. father's his sister, his humbled hath thee in another and law; in daughter his defiled lewdly hath another and wife; neighbour's his with abomination committed hath one And
pollution. for apart set was that her humbled they have thee in nakedness: fathers' their discovered they have thee In
lewdness. commit they thee of midst the in mountains: the upon eat they thee in and blood: shed to tales carry that men are thee In
sabbaths. my profaned hast and things, holy mine despised hast Thou
widow. the and fatherless the vexed they have thee in stranger: the with oppression by dealt they have thee of midst the in mother: and father by light set they have thee In
blood. shed to power their to thee in were one every Israel, of princes the Behold,
vexed. much and infamous art which thee, mock shall thee, from far be that those and near, be that Those
countries. all to mocking a and heathen, the unto reproach a thee made I have therefore years: thy unto even come art and near, draw to days thy caused hast thou and made; hast thou which idols thine in thyself defiled hast and shed; hast thou that blood thy in guilty become art Thou
herself. defile to herself against idols maketh and come, may time her that it, of midst the in blood sheddeth city The , God Lord the saith Thus thou, say Then
abominations. her all her shew shalt thou yea, city? bloody the judge thou wilt judge, thou wilt man, of son thou Now,
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Moreover
it. spoken have Lord the I for remembered: more no be shalt thou land; the of midst the in be shall blood thy fire; the to fuel for be shalt Thou
destroy. to skilful and men, brutish of hand the into thee deliver and wrath, my of fire the in thee against blow will I thee, upon indignation mine out pour will I And
nativity. thy of land the in created, wast thou where place the in thee judge will I sheath? his into return to it cause I Shall
end. an have shall iniquity their when come, is day whose wicked, the of slain, are that them of necks the upon thee bring to thee, unto lie a divine they whiles thee, unto vanity see they Whiles
glittering: the of because consume to furbished, is it slaughter the for drawn: is sword the sword, The thou, say even reproach; their concerning and Ammonites, the concerning God Lord the saith Thus say, and prophesy man, of son thou, And
him. it give will I and is; it right whose come he until more, no be shall it and it: overturn, overturn, overturn, will I
high. is that him abase and low, is that him exalt same: the be not shall this crown: the off take and diadem, the Remove ; God Lord the saith Thus
end, an have shall iniquity when come, is day whose Israel, of prince wicked profane thou, And
hand. the with taken be shall ye remembrance, to come are ye that say, I because, appear; do sins your doings your all in that so discovered, are transgressions your that in remembered, be to iniquity your made have ye Because ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
taken. be may they that iniquity, the remembrance to call will he but oaths: sworn have that them to sight, their in divination false a as them unto be shall it And
fort. a build to and mount, a cast to gates, the against rams battering appoint to shouting, with voice the up lift to slaughter, the in mouth the open to captains, appoint to Jerusalem, for divination the was hand right his At
liver. the in looked he images, with consulted he bright, arrows his made he divination: use to ways, two the of head the at way, the of parting the at stood Babylon of king the For
defenced. the Jerusalem in Judah to and Ammonites, the of Rabbath to come may sword the that way, a Appoint
city. the to way the of head the at it choose place, a thou choose and land: one of out forth come shall twain both come: may Babylon of king the of sword the that ways, two thee appoint man, of son thou Also,
saying, again, me unto came Lord the of word The
it. said have Lord the I rest: to fury my cause will I and together, hands mine smite also will I
set. is face thy whithersoever left, the on or hand, right the on either other, or way one thee Go
slaughter. the for up wrapped is it bright, made is it ah! multiplied: be ruins their and faint, may heart their that gates, their all against sword the of point the set have I
chambers. privy their into entereth which slain, are that men great the of sword the is it slain: the of sword the time, third the doubled be sword the let and together. hands thine smite and prophesy, man, of son therefore, Thou
. God Lord the saith more, no be shall it rod? the even contemn sword the if what and trial, a is it Because
thigh. thy upon therefore smite people: my upon be shall sword the of reason by terrors Israel: of princes the all upon be shall it people, my upon be shall it for man: of son howl, and Cry
slayer. the of hand the into it give to furbished, is it and sharpened, is sword this handled: be may it that furbished, be to it given hath he And
tree. every as son, my of rod the contemneth it mirth? make then we should glitter: may it that furbished is it slaughter; sore a make to sharpened is It
furbished: also and sharpened, is sword a sword, A Say, ; Lord the saith Thus say, and prophesy, man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Again
. God Lord the saith pass, to brought be shall and cometh, it behold, water: as weak be shall knees all and faint, shall spirit every and feeble, be shall hands all and melt, shall heart every and cometh: it because tidings; the For answer, shalt thou that thou? sighest Wherefore thee, unto say they when be, shall it And
eyes. their before sigh bitterness with and loins; thy of breaking the with man, of son thou therefore, Sigh
more. any return not shall it sheath: his of out sword my forth drawn have Lord the I that know may flesh all That
north: the to south the from flesh all against sheath his of out forth go sword my shall therefore wicked, the and righteous the thee from off cut will I that then Seeing
wicked. the and righteous the thee from off cut will and sheath, his of out sword my forth draw will and thee, against am I Behold, ; Lord the saith Thus Israel, of land the to say And
Israel, of land the against prophesy and places, holy the toward word thy drop and Jerusalem, toward face thy set man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the And
parables? speak not he Doth me, of say they ! God Lord Ah I, said Then
quenched. be not shall it it: kindled have Lord the I that see shall flesh all And
therein. burned be shall north the to south the from faces all and quenched, be not shall flame flaming the tree: dry every and thee, in tree green every devour shall it and thee, in fire a kindle will I Behold, ; God Lord the saith Thus ; Lord the of word the Hear south, the of forest the to say And
field; south the of forest the against prophesy and south, the toward word thy drop and south, the toward face thy set man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Moreover
. God Lord the saith Israel, of house ye O doings, corrupt your to according nor ways, wicked your to according not sake, name's my for you with wrought have I when Lord the am I that know shall ye And
committed. have ye that evils your all for sight own your in yourselves lothe shall ye and defiled; been have ye wherein doings, your all and ways, your remember ye shall there And
fathers. your to it give to hand mine up lifted I which the for country the into Israel, of land the into you bring shall I when , Lord the am I that know shall ye And
heathen. the before you in sanctified be will I and scattered; been have ye wherein countries the of out you gather and people, the from out you bring I when savour, sweet your with you accept will I
things. holy your all with oblations, your of firstfruits the and offerings, your require I will there and them, accept I will there me: serve land, the in them of all Israel, of house the all shall there , God Lord the saith Israel, of height the of mountain the in mountain, holy mine in For
idols. your with and gifts, your with more no name holy my ye pollute but me: unto hearken not will ye if also, hereafter and idols, his one every ye serve ye, Go ; God Lord the saith thus Israel, of house O you, for As
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and Israel: of land the into enter not shall they and sojourn, they where country the of out forth them bring will I me: against transgress that them and rebels, the you among from out purge will I And
covenant: the of bond the into you bring will I and rod, the under pass to you cause will I And
. God Lord the saith you, with plead I will so Egypt, of land the of wilderness the in fathers your with pleaded I as Like
face. to face you with plead I will there and people, the of wilderness the into you bring will I And
out. poured fury with and arm, out stretched a with and hand, mighty a with scattered, are ye wherein countries the of out you gather will and people, the from out you bring will I And
you: over rule I will out, poured fury with and arm, out stretched a with and hand, mighty a with surely , God Lord the saith live, I As
stone. and wood serve to countries, the of families the as heathen, the as be will We say, ye that all, at be not shall mind your into cometh which that And
you. by of enquired be not will I , God Lord the saith live, I As Israel? of house O you, by of enquired be I shall and day: this unto even idols, your all with yourselves pollute ye fire, the through pass to sons your make ye when gifts, your offer ye when For
abominations? their after whoredom ye commit and fathers? your of manner the after polluted ye Are ; God Lord the saith Thus Israel, of house the unto say Wherefore
day. this unto Bamah called is whereof name the And go? ye whereunto place high the is What them, unto said I Then
offerings. drink their there out poured and savour, sweet their made they also there offering: their of provocation the presented they there and sacrifices, their there offered they and trees, thick the all and hill, high every saw they then them, to it give to hand mine up lifted I which the for land, the into them brought had I when For
me. against trespass a committed have they that in me, blasphemed have fathers your this in Yet ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto say and Israel, of house the unto speak man, of son Therefore,
. Lord the am I that know might they that end the to desolate, them make might I that womb, the openeth that all fire the through pass to caused they that in gifts, own their in them polluted I And
live; not should they whereby judgments and good, not were that statutes also them gave I Wherefore
idols. fathers' their after were eyes their and sabbaths, my polluted had and statutes, my despised had but judgments, my executed not had they Because
countries; the through them disperse and heathen, the among them scatter would I that wilderness, the in also them unto hand mine up lifted I
forth. them brought I sight whose in heathen, the of sight the in polluted be not should it that sake, name's my for wrought and hand, mine withdrew I Nevertheless
wilderness. the in them against anger my accomplish to them, upon fury my out pour would I said, I then sabbaths: my polluted they them; in live even shall he do, man a if which them, do to judgments my kept neither statutes, my in not walked they me: against rebelled children the Notwithstanding
God. your Lord the am I that know may ye that you, and me between sign a be shall they and sabbaths; my hallow And
them; do and judgments, my keep and statutes, my in walk God; your Lord the am I
idols: their with yourselves defile nor judgments, their observe neither fathers, your of statutes the in not ye Walk wilderness, the in children their unto said I But
wilderness. the in them of end an make I did neither them, destroying from them spared eye mine Nevertheless
idols. their after went heart their for sabbaths: my polluted but statutes, my in not walked and judgments, my despised they Because
lands; all of glory the is which honey, and milk with flowing them, given had I which land the into them bring not would I that wilderness, the in them unto hand my up lifted I also Yet
out. them brought I sight whose in heathen, the before polluted be not should it that sake, name's my for wrought I But
them. consume to wilderness, the in them upon fury my out pour would I said, I then polluted: greatly they sabbaths my and them; in live even shall he do, man a if which judgments, my despised they and statutes, my in not walked they wilderness: the in me against rebelled Israel of house the But
them. sanctify that Lord the am I that know might they that them, and me between sign a be to sabbaths, my them gave I also Moreover
them. in live even shall he do, man a if which judgments, my them shewed and statutes, my them gave I And
wilderness. the into them brought and Egypt, of land the of out forth go to them caused I Wherefore
Egypt. of land the of out forth them bringing in them, unto known myself made I sight whose in were, they whom among heathen, the before polluted be not should it that sake, name's my for wrought I But
Egypt. of land the of midst the in them against anger my accomplish to them, upon fury my out pour will I said, I then Egypt: of idols the forsake they did neither eyes, their of abominations the away cast man every not did they me: unto hearken not would and me, against rebelled they But
God. your Lord the am I Egypt: of idols the with yourselves not defile and eyes, his of abominations the man every away ye Cast them, unto I said Then
lands: all of glory the is which honey, and milk with flowing them, for espied had I that land a into Egypt of land the of forth them bring to them, unto hand mine up lifted I that day the In
God; your Lord the am I saying, them, unto hand mine up lifted I when Egypt, of land the in them unto known myself made and Jacob, of house the of seed the unto hand mine up lifted and Israel, chose I when day the In ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto say And
fathers: their of abominations the know to them cause them? judge thou wilt man, of son them, judge thou Wilt
you. by of enquired be not will I , God Lord the saith live, I As me? of enquire to come ye Are ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto say and Israel, of elders the unto speak man, of Son
saying, me, unto Lord the of word the came Then
me. before sat and , Lord the of enquire to came Israel of elders the of certain that month, the of day tenth the month, fifth the in year, seventh the in pass to came it And
lamentation. a for be shall and lamentation, a is This rule. to sceptre a be to rod strong no hath she that so fruit, her devoured hath which branches, her of rod a of out gone is fire And
ground. thirsty and dry a in wilderness, the in planted is she now And
them. consumed fire the withered; and broken were rods strong her fruit: her up dried wind east the and ground, the to down cast was she fury, in up plucked was she But
branches. her of multitude the with height her in appeared she and branches, thick the among exalted was stature her and rule, bare that them of sceptres the for rods strong had she And
waters. many of reason by branches of full and fruitful was she waters: the by planted blood, thy in vine a like is mother Thy
Israel. of mountains the upon heard be more no should voice his that holds, into him brought they Babylon: of king the to him brought and chains, in ward in him put they And
pit. their in taken was he him: over net their spread and provinces, the from side every on him against set nations the Then
roaring. his of noise the by thereof, fulness the and desolate, was land the and cities; their waste laid he and palaces, desolate their knew he And
men. devoured and prey, the catch to learned and lion, young a became he lions, the among down and up went he And
lion. young a him made and whelps, her of another took she then lost, was hope her and waited, had she that saw she when Now
Egypt. of land the unto chains with him brought they and pit, their in taken was he him; of heard also nations The
men. devoured it prey; the catch to learned it and lion, young a became it whelps: her of one up brought she And
lions. young among whelps her nourished she lions, among down lay she lioness: A mother? thy is What say, And
Israel, of princes the for lamentation a up thou take Moreover
ye. live and yourselves, turn wherefore : God Lord the saith dieth, that him of death the in pleasure no have I For
Israel? of house O die, ye will why for spirit: new a and heart new a you make and transgressed; have ye whereby transgressions, your all you from away Cast
ruin. your be not shall iniquity so transgressions; your all from yourselves turn and Repent, . God Lord the saith ways, his to according one every Israel, of house O you, judge will I Therefore
unequal? ways your not are equal? ways my not are Israel, of house O equal. not is Lord the of way The Israel, of house the saith Yet
die. not shall he live, surely shall he committed, hath he that transgressions his all from away turneth and considereth, he Because
alive. soul his save shall he right, and lawful is which that doeth and committed, hath he that wickedness his from away turneth man wicked the when Again,
die. he shall done hath he that iniquity his for them; in dieth and iniquity, committeth and righteousness, his from away turneth man righteous a When
unequal? ways your not are equal? way my not Is Israel; of house O now, Hear equal. not is Lord the of way The say, ye Yet
die. he shall them in sinned, hath he that sin his in and trespassed, hath he that trespass his in mentioned: be not shall done hath he that righteousness his All live? he shall doeth, man wicked the that abominations the all to according doeth and iniquity, committeth and righteousness, his from away turneth righteous the when But
live? and ways, his from return should he that not and : God Lord the saith die? should wicked the that all at pleasure any I Have
live. shall he done hath he that righteousness his in him: unto mentioned be not shall they committed, hath he that transgressions his All
die. not shall he live, surely shall he right, and lawful is which that do and statutes, my all keep and committed, hath he that sins his all from turn will wicked the if But
him. upon be shall wicked the of wickedness the and him, upon be shall righteous the of righteousness the son: the of iniquity the bear father the shall neither father, the of iniquity the bear not shall son The die. shall it sinneth, that soul The
live. surely shall he them, done hath and statutes, my all kept hath and right, and lawful is which that done hath son the When father? the of iniquity the bear son the not doth Why? ye, say Yet
iniquity. his in die shall he even lo, people, his among good not is which that did and violence, by brother his spoiled oppressed, cruelly he because father, his for As
live. surely shall he father, his of iniquity the for die not shall he statutes; my in walked hath judgments, my executed hath increase, nor usury received not hath that poor, the from hand his off taken hath That
garment, a with naked the covered hath and hungry, the to bread his given hath but violence, by spoiled hath neither pledge, the withholden not hath any, oppressed hath Neither
wife, neighbour's his defiled not hath Israel, of house the of idols the to eyes his up lifted hath neither mountains, the upon eaten not hath That
like, such not doeth and considereth, and done, hath he which sins father's his all seeth that son, a beget he if lo, Now,
him. upon be shall blood his die; surely shall he abominations; these all done hath he live: not shall he live? then he shall increase: taken hath and usury, upon forth given Hath
abomination, committed hath idols, the to eyes his up lifted hath and pledge, the restored not hath violence, by spoiled hath needy, and poor the oppressed Hath
wife, neighbour's his defiled and mountains, the upon eaten hath even but duties, those of any not doeth that And
things, these of one any to like the doeth that and blood, of shedder a robber, a is that son a beget he If
. God Lord the saith live, surely shall he just, is he truly; deal to judgments, my kept hath and statutes, my in walked Hath
man, and man between judgment true executed hath iniquity, from hand his withdrawn hath that increase, any taken hath neither usury, upon forth given not hath that He
garment; a with naked the covered hath and hungry, the to bread his given hath violence, by none spoiled hath pledge, his debtor the to restored hath but any, oppressed not hath And
woman, menstruous a to near come hath neither wife, neighbour's his defiled hath neither Israel, of house the of idols the to eyes his up lifted hath neither mountains, the upon eaten not hath And
right, and lawful is which that do and just, be man a if But
die. shall it sinneth, that soul the mine: is son the of soul the also so father, the of soul the as mine; are souls all Behold,
Israel. in proverb this use to more any occasion have not shall ye , God Lord the saith live, I As
edge? on set are teeth children's the and grapes, sour eaten have fathers The saying, Israel, of land the concerning proverb this use ye that ye, mean What
saying, again, me unto came Lord the of word The
it. done have and spoken have Lord the I flourish: to tree dry the made have and tree, green the up dried have tree, low the exalted have tree, high the down brought have Lord the I that know shall field the of trees the all And
dwell. they shall thereof branches the of shadow the in wing; every of fowl all dwell shall it under and cedar: goodly a be and fruit, bear and boughs, forth bring shall it and it: plant I will Israel of height the of mountain the In
eminent: and mountain high an upon it plant will and one, tender a twigs young his of top the from off crop will I it; set will and cedar, high the of branch highest the of take also will I ; God Lord the saith Thus
it. spoken have Lord the I that know shall ye and winds: all toward scattered be shall remain that they and sword, the by fall shall bands his all with fugitives his all And
me. against trespassed hath he that trespass his for there him with plead will and Babylon, to him bring will I and snare, my in taken be shall he and him, upon net my spread will I And
head. own his upon recompense I will it even broken, hath he that covenant my and despised, hath he that oath mine surely live, I As ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
escape. not shall he things, these all done hath and hand, his given had he lo, when, covenant, the breaking by oath the despised he Seeing
persons: many off cut to forts, building and mounts, up casting by war, the in him for make company great and army mighty his with Pharaoh shall Neither
die. shall he Babylon of midst the in him with even brake, he covenant whose and despised, he oath whose king, him made that dwelleth king the where place the in surely , God Lord the saith live, I As
delivered? be and covenant, the break he shall or things? such doeth that escape he shall prosper? he Shall people. much and horses him give might they that Egypt, into ambassadors his sending in him against rebelled he But
stand. might it covenant his of keeping by that but up, itself lift not might it that base, be might kingdom the That
land: the of mighty the taken also hath he him: of oath an taken hath and him, with covenant a made and seed, king's the of taken hath And
Babylon; to him with them led and thereof, princes the and thereof, king the taken hath and Jerusalem, to come is Babylon of king the Behold, them, tell mean? things these what not ye Know house, rebellious the to now Say
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Moreover
grew. it where furrows the in wither shall it it? toucheth wind east the when wither, utterly not it shall prosper? it shall planted, being behold, Yea,
thereof. roots the by up it pluck to people many or power great without even spring, her of leaves the all in wither shall it wither? it that thereof, fruit the off cut and thereof, roots the up pull not he shall prosper? it Shall ; God Lord the saith Thus thou, Say
vine. goodly a be might it that fruit, bear might it that and branches, forth bring might it that waters, great by soil good a in planted was It
plantation. her of furrows the by it water might he that him, toward branches her forth shot and him, toward roots her bend did vine this behold, and, feathers: many and wings great with eagle great another also was There
sprigs. forth shot and branches, forth brought and vine, a became it so him: under were thereof roots the and him, toward turned branches whose stature, low of vine spreading a became and grew, it And
tree. willow a as it set and waters, great by it placed he field; fruitful a in it planted and land, the of seed the of also took He
merchants. of city a in it set he traffick; of land a into it carried and twigs, young his of top the off cropped He
cedar: the of branch highest the took and Lebanon, unto came colours, divers had which feathers, of full longwinged, wings, great with eagle great A ; God Lord the saith Thus say, And
Israel; of house the unto parable a speak and riddle, a forth put man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the And
. God Lord the saith done, hast thou that all for thee toward pacified am I when shame, thy of because more any mouth thy open never and confounded, be and remember, mayest thou That
: Lord the am I that know shalt thou and thee; with covenant my establish will I And
covenant. thy by not but daughters, for thee unto them give will I and younger: thy and elder thine sisters, thy receive shalt thou when ashamed, be and ways, thy remember shalt thou Then
covenant. everlasting an thee unto establish will I and youth, thy of days the in thee with covenant my remember will I Nevertheless
covenant. the breaking in oath the despised hast which done, hast thou as thee with deal even will I ; God Lord the saith thus For
. Lord the saith abominations, thine and lewdness thy borne hast Thou
about. round thee despise which Philistines, the of daughters the her, about round are that all and Syria, of daughters the of reproach thy of time the at as discovered, was wickedness thy Before
pride, thy of day the in mouth thy by mentioned not was Sodom sister thy For
estate. former your to return shall daughters thy and thou then estate, former their to return shall daughters her and Samaria and estate, former their to return shall daughters, her and Sodom sisters, thy When
them. unto comfort a art thou that in done, hast thou that all in confounded be mayest and shame, own thine bear mayest thou That
them: of midst the in captives thy of captivity the again bring I will then daughters, her and Samaria of captivity the and daughters, her and Sodom of captivity the captivity, their again bring shall I When
sisters. thy justified hast thou that in shame, thy bear and also, confounded thou be yea, thou: than righteous more are they they: than abominable more committed hast thou that sins thy for shame own thine bear sisters, thy judged hast which also, Thou
done. hast thou which abominations thine all in sisters thy justified hast and they, than more abominations thine multiplied hast thou but sins; thy of half committed Samaria hath Neither
good. saw I as away them took I therefore me: before abomination committed and haughty, were they And
needy. and poor the of hand the strengthen she did neither daughters, her in and her in was idleness of abundance and bread, of fulness pride, Sodom, sister thy of iniquity the was this Behold,
daughters. thy and thou done, hast thou as daughters, her nor she done, not hath sister thy Sodom , God Lord the saith live, I As
ways. thy all in they than more corrupted wast thou thing, little very a were that if as but, abominations: their after done nor ways, their after walked not thou hast Yet
daughters. her and Sodom is hand, right thy at dwelleth that sister, younger thy and hand: left thy at dwell that daughters her and she Samaria, is sister elder thine And
Amorite. an father your and Hittite, an was mother your children: their and husbands their lothed which sisters, thy of sister the art thou and children; her and husband her lotheth that daughter, mother's thy art Thou
daughter. her is so mother, the is As saying, thee, against proverb this use shall proverbs useth that one every Behold,
abominations. thine all above lewdness this commit not shalt thou and : God Lord the saith head, thine upon way thy recompense will also I therefore behold, things; these all in me fretted hast but youth, thy of days the remembered not hast thou Because
angry. more no be will and quiet, be will I and thee, from depart shall jealousy my and rest, to thee toward fury my make I will So
more. any hire no give shalt also thou and harlot, the playing from cease to thee cause will I and women: many of sight the in thee upon judgments execute and fire, with houses thine burn shall they And
swords. their with through thee thrust and stones, with thee stone shall they and thee, against company a up bring also shall They
bare. and naked thee leave and jewels, fair thy take shall and clothes, thy of also thee strip shall they places: high thy down break shall and place, eminent thine down throw shall they and hand, their into thee give also will I And
jealousy. and fury in blood thee give will I and judged; are blood shed and wedlock break that women as thee, judge will I And
nakedness. thy all see may they that them, unto nakedness thy discover will and thee, against about round them gather even will I hated; hast thou that them all with loved, hast thou that them all and pleasure, taken hast thou whom with lovers, thy all gather will I therefore Behold,
them; unto give didst thou which children, thy of blood the by and abominations, thy of idols the all with and lovers, thy with whoredoms thy through discovered nakedness thy and out, poured was filthiness thy Because ; God Lord the saith Thus
: Lord the of word the hear harlot, O Wherefore,
contrary. art thou therefore thee, unto given is reward no and reward, a givest thou that in and whoredoms: commit to thee followeth none whereas whoredoms, thy in women other from thee in is contrary the And
whoredom. thy for side every on thee unto come may they that them, hirest and lovers, thy all to gifts thy givest thou but whores: all to gifts give They
husband! her of instead strangers taketh which adultery, committeth that wife a as But
hire; scornest thou that in harlot, an as been not hast and street; every in place high thine makest and way, every of head the in place eminent thine buildest thou that In
woman; whorish imperious an of work the things, these all doest thou seeing , God Lord the saith heart, thine is weak How
therewith. satisfied not wast thou yet and Chaldea; unto Canaan of land the in fornication thy multiplied moreover hast Thou
satisfied. be not couldest yet and them, with harlot the played hast thou yea, unsatiable; wast thou because Assyrians, the with also whore the played hast Thou
way. lewd thy of ashamed are which Philistines, the of daughters the thee, hate that them of will the unto thee delivered and food, ordinary thine diminished have and thee, over hand my out stretched have I therefore Behold,
anger. to me provoke to whoredoms, thy increased hast and flesh; of great neighbours, thy Egyptians the with fornication committed also hast Thou
whoredoms. thy multiplied and by, passed that one every to feet thy opened hast and abhorred, be to beauty thy made hast and way, the of head every at place high thy built hast Thou
street. every in place high an thee made hast and place, eminent an thee unto built also hast thou That
;) God Lord the saith thee! unto woe (woe, wickedness, thy all after pass to came it And
blood. thy in polluted wast and bare, and naked wast thou when youth, thy of days the remembered not hast thou whoredoms thy and abominations thine all in And
them? for fire the through pass to them cause to them delivered and children, my slain hast thou That
matter, small a whoredoms thy of this Is devoured. be to them unto sacrificed thou hast these and me, unto borne hast thou whom daughters, thy and sons thy taken hast thou Moreover
. God Lord the saith was, it thus and savour: sweet a for them before it set even hast thou thee, fed I wherewith honey, and oil, and flour, fine thee, gave I which also meat My
them. before incense mine and oil mine set hast thou and them: coveredst and garments, broidered thy tookest And
them, with whoredom commit didst and men, of images thyself to madest and thee, given had I which silver, my of and gold my of jewels fair thy taken also hast Thou
so. be it shall neither come, not shall things like the thereupon: harlot the playedst and colours, divers with places high thy deckedst and take, didst thou garments thy of And
was. it his by; passed that one every on fornications thy out pouredst and renown, thy of because harlot the playedst and beauty, own thine in trust didst thou But
. God Lord the saith thee, upon put had I which comeliness, my through perfect was it for beauty: thy for heathen the among forth went renown thy And
kingdom. a into prosper didst thou and beautiful, exceeding wast thou and oil: and honey, and flour, fine eat didst thou work; broidered and silk, and linen, fine of was raiment thy and silver; and gold with decked thou wast Thus
head. thine upon crown beautiful a and ears, thine in earrings and forehead, thy on jewel a put I And
neck. thy on chain a and hands, thy upon bracelets put I and ornaments, with also thee decked I
silk. with thee covered I and linen, fine with about thee girded I and skin, badgers' with thee shod and work, broidered with also thee clothed I
oil. with thee anointed I and thee, from blood thy away washed throughly I yea, water; with thee I washed Then
mine. becamest thou and , God Lord the saith thee, with covenant a into entered and thee, unto sware I yea, nakedness: thy covered and thee, over skirt my spread I and love; of time the was time thy behold, thee, upon looked and thee, by passed I when Now
bare. and naked wast thou whereas grown, is hair thine and fashioned, are breasts thy ornaments: excellent to come art thou and great, waxen and increased hast thou and field, the of bud the as multiply to thee caused have I
Live. blood, thy in wast thou when thee unto said I yea, Live; blood, thy in wast thou when thee unto said I blood, own thine in polluted thee saw and thee, by passed I when And
born. wast thou that day the in person, thy of lothing the to field, open the in out cast wast thou but thee; upon compassion have to thee, unto these of any do to thee, pitied eye None
all. at swaddled nor all, at salted not wast thou thee; supple to water in washed thou wast neither cut, not was navel thy born wast thou day the in nativity, thy for as And
Hittite. an mother thy and Amorite, an was father thy Canaan; of land the of is nativity thy and birth Thy Jerusalem; unto God Lord the saith Thus say, And
abominations, her know to Jerusalem cause man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Again
. God Lord the saith trespass, a committed have they because desolate, land the make will I And
them. against face my set I when , Lord the am I that know shall ye and them; devour shall fire another and fire, one from out go shall they them; against face my set will I And
Jerusalem. of inhabitants the give I will so fuel, for fire the to given have I which forest, the of trees the among tree vine the As ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
burned? is it and it, devoured hath fire the when work, any for yet meet be it shall less much how work: no for meet was it whole, was it when Behold,
work? any for meet it Is burned. is it of midst the and it, of ends the both devoureth fire the fuel; for fire the into cast is it Behold,
thereon? vessel any hang to it of pin a take men will or work? any do to thereof taken be wood Shall
forest? the of trees the among is which branch a than or tree, any than more tree vine the is what man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the And
. God Lord the saith it, in done have I that all cause without done not have I that know shall ye and doings: their and ways their see ye when you, comfort shall they And
it. upon brought have I that all concerning even Jerusalem, upon brought have I that evil the concerning comforted be shall ye and doings: their and way their see shall ye and you, unto forth come shall they behold, daughters: and sons both forth, brought be shall that remnant a left be shall therein behold, Yet,
beast? and man it from off cut to pestilence, the and beast, noisome the and famine, the and sword, the Jerusalem, upon judgments sore four my send I when more much How ; God Lord the saith thus For
righteousness. their by souls own their deliver but shall they daughter; nor son neither deliver shall they , God Lord the saith live, I as it, in were Job and Daniel, Noah, Though
beast: and man it from off cut to blood, in it upon fury my out pour and land, that into pestilence a send I if Or
themselves. delivered be shall only they but daughters, nor sons neither deliver shall they , God Lord the saith live, I as it, in were men three these Though
it: from beast and man off cut I that so land; the through go Sword, say, and land, that upon sword a bring I if Or
desolate. be shall land the but delivered, be shall only they daughters; nor sons neither deliver shall they , God Lord the saith live, I as it, in were men three these Though
beasts: the of because through pass may man no that desolate, be it that so it, spoil they and land, the through pass to beasts noisome cause I If
. God Lord the saith righteousness, their by souls own their but deliver should they it, in were Job, and Daniel, Noah, men, three these Though
it: from beast and man off cut will and it, upon famine send will and thereof, bread the of staff the break will and it, upon hand mine out stretch I will then grievously, trespassing by me against sinneth land the when man, of Son
saying, me, to again came Lord the of word The
. God Lord the saith God, their be may I and people, my be may they that but transgressions; their all with more any polluted be neither me, from astray more no go may Israel of house the That
him; unto seeketh that him of punishment the as even be shall prophet the of punishment the iniquity: their of punishment the bear shall they And
Israel. people my of midst the from him destroy will and him, upon hand my out stretch will I and prophet, that deceived have Lord the I thing, a spoken hath he when deceived be prophet the if And
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and people; my of midst the from off him cut will I and proverb, a and sign a him make will and man, that against face my set will I And
myself: by him answer will Lord the I me; concerning him of enquire to prophet a to cometh and face, his before iniquity his of stumblingblock the putteth and heart, his in idols his up setteth and me, from himself separateth which Israel, in sojourneth that stranger the of or Israel, of house the of one every For
abominations. your all from faces your away turn and idols; your from yourselves turn and Repent, ; God Lord the saith Thus Israel, of house the unto say Therefore
idols. their through me from estranged all are they because heart, own their in Israel of house the take may I That
idols; his of multitude the to according cometh that him answer will Lord the I prophet; the to cometh and face, his before iniquity his of stumblingblock the putteth and heart, his in idols his up setteth that Israel of house the of man Every ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto say and them, unto speak Therefore
them? by all at of enquired be I should face: their before iniquity their of stumblingblock the put and heart, their in idols their up set have men these man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the And
me. before sat and me, unto Israel of elders the of certain came Then
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and hand: your of out people my deliver will I for divinations: divine nor vanity, more no see shall ye Therefore
life: him promising by way, wicked his from return not should he that wicked, the of hands the strengthened and sad; made not have I whom sad, righteous the of heart the made have ye lies with Because
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and hunted; be to hand your in more no be shall they and hand, your of out people my deliver and tear, I will also kerchiefs Your
fly. them make to hunt ye that souls the even go, souls the let will and arms, your from them tear will I and fly, them make to souls the hunt there ye wherewith pillows, your against am I Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus Wherefore
lies? your hear that people my to lying your by live, not should that alive souls the save to and die, not should that souls the slay to bread, of pieces for and barley of handfuls for people my among me pollute ye will And
you? unto come that alive souls the save ye will and people, my of souls the hunt ye Will souls! hunt to stature every of head the upon kerchiefs make and armholes, all to pillows sew that women the to Woe ; God Lord the saith Thus say, And
them, against thou prophesy and heart; own their of out prophesy which people, thy of daughters the against face thy set man, of son thou Likewise,
. God Lord the saith peace, no is there and her, for peace of visions see which and Jerusalem, concerning prophesy which Israel of prophets the wit, To
it; daubed that they neither more, no is wall The you, unto say will and morter, untempered with it daubed have that them upon and wall, the upon wrath my accomplish I will Thus
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and thereof: midst the in consumed be shall ye and fall, shall it and discovered, be shall thereof foundation the that so ground, the to down it bring and morter, untempered with daubed have ye that wall the down break I will So
it. consume to fury my in hailstones great and anger, mine in shower overflowing an be shall there and fury; my in wind stormy a with it rend even will I ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
it? daubed have ye wherewith daubing the is Where you, unto said be not it shall fallen, is wall the when Lo,
it. rend shall wind stormy a and fall; shall hailstones, great O ye, and shower; overflowing an be shall there fall: shall it that morter, untempered with it daub which them unto Say
morter: untempered with it daubed others lo, and, wall, a up built one and peace; no was there and Peace; saying, people, my seduced have they because even Because,
. God Lord the am I that know shall ye and Israel; of land the into enter they shall neither Israel, of house the of writing the in written be they shall neither people, my of assembly the in be not shall they lies: divine that and vanity, see that prophets the upon be shall hand mine And
. God Lord the saith you, against am I behold, therefore, lies, seen and vanity, spoken have ye Because ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
spoken? not have I albeit it; saith Lord The say, ye whereas divination, lying a spoken not ye have and vision, vain a seen not ye Have
word. the confirm would they that hope to others made have they and them: sent not hath Lord the and saith: Lord The saying, divination, lying and vanity seen have They
. Lord the of day the in battle the in stand to Israel of house the for hedge the up made neither gaps, the into up gone not have Ye
deserts. the in foxes the like are prophets thy Israel, O
nothing! seen have and spirit, own their follow that prophets, foolish the unto Woe ; God Lord the saith Thus
; Lord the of word the ye Hear hearts, own their of out prophesy that them unto thou say and prophesy, that Israel of prophets the against prophesy man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the And
. God Lord the saith done, be shall spoken have I which word the but more, any prolonged be words my of none shall There ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto say Therefore
off. far are that times the of prophesieth he and come, to days many for is seeth he that vision The say, Israel of house the of they behold, man, of Son
saying. me, to came Lord the of word the Again
. God Lord the saith it, perform will and word, the say I will house, rebellious O days, your in for prolonged: more no be shall it pass; to come shall speak shall I that word the and speak, will I : Lord the am I For
Israel. of house the within divination flattering nor vision vain any more no be shall there For
vision. every of effect the and hand, at are days The them, unto say but Israel; in proverb a as it use more no shall they and cease, to proverb this make will I ; God Lord the saith Thus therefore, them Tell
faileth? vision every and prolonged, are days The saying, Israel, of land the in have ye that proverb that is what man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the And
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and desolate; be shall land the and waste, laid be shall inhabited are that cities the And
therein. dwell that them all of violence the of because therein, is that all from desolate be may land her that astonishment, with water their drink and carefulness, with bread their eat shall They Israel; of land the of and Jerusalem, of inhabitants the of God Lord the saith Thus land, the of people the unto say And
carefulness; with and trembling with water thy drink and quaking, with bread thy eat man, of Son
saying, me, to came Lord the of word the Moreover
. Lord the am I that know shall they and come; they whither heathen the among abominations their all declare may they that pestilence; the from and famine, the from sword, the from them of men few a leave will I But
countries. the in them disperse and nations, the among them scatter shall I when , Lord the am I that know shall they And
them. after sword the out draw will I and bands; his all and him, help to him about are that all wind every toward scatter will I And
there. die shall he though it, see not he shall yet Chaldeans; the of land the to Babylon to him bring will I and snare: my in taken be shall he and him, upon spread I will also net My
eyes. his with ground the not see he that face, his cover shall he thereby: out carry to wall the through dig shall they forth: go shall and twilight, the in shoulder his upon bear shall them among is that prince the And
captivity. into go and remove shall they them: unto done be it shall so done, have I as like sign: your am I Say,
them. among are that Israel of house the all and Jerusalem, in prince the concerneth burden This ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto thou Say
thou? doest What thee, unto said house, rebellious the Israel, of house the not hath man, of Son
saying, me, unto Lord the of word the came morning the in And
sight. their in shoulder my upon it bare I and twilight, the in forth it brought I hand; mine with wall the through digged I even the in and captivity, for stuff as day, by stuff my forth brought I commanded: was I as so did I And
Israel. of house the unto sign a for thee set have I for ground: the not see thou that face, thy cover shalt thou twilight: the in forth it carry and shoulders, thy upon it bear thou shalt sight their In
thereby. out carry and sight, their in wall the through thou Dig
captivity. into forth go that they as sight, their in even at forth go shalt thou and removing: for stuff as sight, their in day by stuff thy forth bring thou shalt Then
house. rebellious a be they though consider, will they be may it sight: their in place another to place thy from remove shalt thou and sight; their in day by remove and removing, for stuff thee prepare man, of son thou Therefore,
house. rebellious a are they for not: hear and hear, to ears have they not; see and see, to eyes have which house, rebellious a of midst the in dwellest thou man, of Son
saying, me, unto came also Lord the of word The
me. shewed had Lord the that things the all captivity the of them unto spake I Then
me. from up went seen had I that vision the So captivity. the of them to Chaldea, into God of Spirit the by vision a in me brought and up, me took spirit the Afterwards
city. the of side east the on is which mountain the upon stood and city, the of midst the from up went Lord the of glory the And
above. them over was Israel of God the of glory the and them; beside wheels the and wings, their up lift cherubims the did Then
. God Lord the saith heads, own their upon way their recompense will I abominations, their and things detestable their of heart the after walketh heart whose them for as But
God. their be will I and people, my be shall they and them: do and ordinances, mine keep and statutes, my in walk may they That
flesh: of heart an them give will and flesh, their of out heart stony the take will I and you; within spirit new a put will I and heart, one them give will I And
thence. from thereof abominations the all and thereof things detestable the all away take shall they and thither, come shall they And
Israel. of land the you give will I and scattered, been have ye where countries the of out you assemble and people, the from you gather even will I ; God Lord the saith Thus say, Therefore
come. shall they where countries the in sanctuary little a as them to be I will yet countries, the among them scattered have I although and heathen, the among off far them cast have I Although ; God Lord the saith Thus say, Therefore
possession. in given land this is us unto : Lord the from far you Get said, have Jerusalem of inhabitants the whom unto they are wholly, Israel of house the all and kindred, thy of men the brethren, thy even brethren, thy man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Again
Israel? of remnant the of end full a make thou wilt ! God Lord Ah said, and voice, loud a with cried and face, my upon down I fell Then died. Benaiah of son the Pelatiah that prophesied, I when pass, to came it And
you. about round are that heathen the of manners the after done have but judgments, my executed neither statutes, my in walked not have ye for : Lord the am I that know shall ye And
Israel: of border the in you judge will I but thereof; midst the in flesh the be ye shall neither caldron, your be not shall city This
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and Israel; of border the in you judge will I sword; the by fall shall Ye
you. among judgments execute will and strangers, of hands the into you deliver and thereof, midst the of out you bring will I And
. God Lord the saith you, upon sword a bring will I and sword; the feared have Ye
it. of midst the of out forth you bring will I but caldron: the is city this and flesh, the are they it, of midst the in laid have ye whom slain Your ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
slain. the with thereof streets the filled have ye and city, this in slain your multiplied have Ye
them. of one every mind, your into come that things the know I for Israel: of house O said, ye have Thus ; Lord the saith Thus Speak; me, unto said and me, upon fell Lord the of Spirit the And
man. of son O prophesy, them, against prophesy Therefore
flesh. the be we and caldron, the is city this houses: build us let near; not is It say, Which
city: this in counsel wicked give and mischief, devise that men the are these man, of Son me, unto he said Then
people. the of princes Benaiah, of son the Pelatiah and Azur, of son the Jaazaniah saw I whom among men; twenty and five gate the of door the at behold and eastward: looketh which house, 's Lord the of gate east the unto me brought and up, me lifted spirit the Moreover
forward. straight one every went they themselves: and appearances their Chebar, of river the by saw I which faces same the was faces their of likeness the And
wings. their under was man a of hands the of likeness the and wings; four one every and apiece, faces four had one Every
cherubims. the were they that knew I and Chebar; of river the by Israel of God the under saw I that creature living the is This
above. them over was Israel of God the of glory the and house; 's Lord the of gate east the of door the at stood one every and them, beside were also wheels the out, went they when sight: my in earth the from up mounted and wings, their up lifted cherubims the And
cherubims. the over stood and house, the of threshold the off from departed Lord the of glory the Then
them. in was creature living the of spirit the for also: themselves up lifted these up, lifted were they when and stood; these stood, they When
them. beside from not turned also wheels same the earth, the from up mount to wings their up lifted cherubims the when and them: by went wheels the went, cherubims the when And
Chebar. of river the by saw I that creature living the is This up. lifted were cherubims the And
eagle. an of face the fourth the and lion, a of face the third the and man, a of face the was face second the and cherub, a of face the was face first the faces: four had one every And
wheel. O hearing, my in them unto cried was it wheels, the for As
had. four they that wheels the even about, round eyes of full were wheels, the and wings, their and hands, their and backs, their and body, whole their And
went. they as not turned they it; followed they looked head the whither place the to but went, they as not turned they sides; four their upon went they went, they When
wheel. a of midst the in been had wheel a if as likeness, one had four they appearances, their for as And
stone. beryl a of colour the as was wheels the of appearance the and cherub: another by wheel another and cherub, one by wheel one cherubims, the by wheels four the behold looked, I when And
wings. their under hand man's a of form the cherubims the in appeared there And
out. went and it, took who linen: with clothed was that him of hands the into it put and thereof, took and cherubims, the between was that fire the unto cherubims the between from hand his forth stretched cherub one And
wheels. the beside stood and in, went he then cherubims; the between from wheels, the between from fire Take saying, linen, with clothed man the commanded had he when that pass, to came it And
speaketh. he when God Almighty the of voice the as court, outer the to even heard was wings cherubims' the of sound the And
glory. 's Lord the of brightness the of full was court the and cloud, the with filled was house the and house; the of threshold the over stood and cherub, the from up went Lord the of glory the Then
court. inner the filled cloud the and in; went man the when house, the of side right the on stood cherubims the Now
sight. my in in went he And city. the over them scatter and cherubims, the between from fire of coals with hand thine fill and cherub, the under even wheels, the between in Go said, and linen, with clothed man the unto spake he And
throne. a of likeness the of appearance the as stone, sapphire a were it as them over appeared there cherubims the of head the above was that firmament the in behold, and, looked, I Then
me. commanded hast thou as done have I saying, matter, the reported side, his by inkhorn the had which linen, with clothed man the behold, And,
head. their upon way their recompense will I but pity, have I will neither spare, not shall eye mine also, me for as And
not. seeth Lord the and earth, the forsaken hath Lord The say, they for perverseness: of full city the and blood, of full is land the and great, exceeding is Judah and Israel of house the of iniquity The me, unto he said Then
Jerusalem? upon fury thy of out pouring thy in Israel of residue the all destroy thou wilt ! God Lord Ah said, and cried, and face, my upon fell I that left, was I and them, slaying were they while pass, to came it And
city. the in slew and forth, went they And forth. ye go slain: the with courts the fill and house, the Defile them, unto said he And
house. the before were which men ancient the at began they Then sanctuary. my at begin and mark; the is whom upon man any near not come but women: and children, little and maids, both young, and old utterly Slay
pity: ye have neither spare, eye your not let smite: and city, the through him after ye Go hearing, mine in said he others the to And
thereof. midst the in done be that abominations the all for cry that and sigh that men the of foreheads the upon mark a set and Jerusalem, of midst the through city, the of midst the through Go him, unto said Lord the And
side; his by inkhorn writer's the had which linen, with clothed man the to called he And house. the of threshold the to was, he whereupon cherub, the from up gone was Israel of God the of glory the And
altar. brasen the beside stood and in, went they and side: his by inkhorn writer's a with linen, with clothed was them among man one and hand; his in weapon slaughter a man every and north, the toward lieth which gate, higher the of way the from came men six behold, And,
hand. his in weapon destroying his with man every even near, draw to city the over charge have that them Cause saying, voice, loud a with ears mine in also cried He
them. hear not I will yet voice, loud a with ears mine in cry they though and pity: have I will neither spare, not shall eye mine fury: in deal also I will Therefore
nose. their to branch the put they lo, and, anger: to me provoke to returned have and violence, with land the filled have they for here? commit they which abominations the commit they that Judah of house the to thing light a it Is man? of son O this, seen thou Hast me, unto said he Then
east. the toward sun the worshipped they and east; the toward faces their and , Lord the of temple the toward backs their with men, twenty and five about were altar, the and porch the between , Lord the of temple the of door the at behold, and, house, 's Lord the of court inner the into me brought he And
these. than abominations greater see shalt thou and again, yet thee turn man? of son O this, seen thou Hast me, unto he said Then
Tammuz. for weeping women sat there behold, and, north; the toward was which house 's Lord the of gate the of door the to me brought he Then
do. they that abominations greater see shalt thou and again, yet thee Turn me, unto also said He
earth. the forsaken hath Lord the not; us seeth Lord the say, they for imagery? his of chambers the in man every dark, the in do Israel of house the of ancients the what seen thou hast man, of Son me, unto he said Then
up. went incense of cloud thick a and hand; his in censer his man every with Shaphan, of son the Jaazaniah stood them of midst the in and Israel, of house the of ancients the of men seventy them before stood there And
about. round wall the upon pourtrayed Israel, of house the of idols the all and beasts, abominable and things, creeping of form every behold and saw; and in went I So
here. do they that abominations wicked the behold and in, Go me, unto said he And
door. a behold wall, the in digged had I when and wall: the in now dig man, of Son me, unto he said Then
wall. the in hole a behold looked, I when and court; the of door the to me brought he And
abominations. greater see shalt thou and again, yet thee turn but sanctuary? my from off far go should I that here, committeth Israel of house the that abominations great the even do? they what thou seest man, of Son me, unto furthermore said He
entry. the in jealousy of image this altar the of gate the at northward behold and north, the toward way the eyes mine up lifted I So north. the toward way the now eyes thine up lift man, of Son me, unto he said Then
plain. the in saw I that vision the to according there, was Israel of God the of glory the behold, And,
jealousy. to provoketh which jealousy, of image the of seat the was where north; the toward looketh that gate inner the of door the to Jerusalem, to God of visions the in me brought and heaven, the and earth the between up me lifted spirit the and head; mine of lock a by me took and hand, an of form the forth put he And
amber. of colour the as brightness, of appearance the as upward, even loins his from and fire; downward, even loins his of appearance the from fire: of appearance the as likeness a lo and beheld, I Then
me. upon there fell God Lord the of hand the that me, before sat Judah of elders the and house, mine in sat I as month, the of day fifth the in month, sixth the in year, sixth the in pass to came it And
. Lord the am I that know shall they and them; judge I will deserts their to according and way, their after them unto do will I troubled: be shall land the of people the of hands the and desolation, with clothed be shall prince the and mourn, shall king The
ancients. the from counsel and priest, the from perish shall law the but prophet; the of vision a seek they shall then rumour; upon be shall rumour and mischief, upon come shall Mischief
none. be shall there and peace, seek shall they and cometh; Destruction
defiled. be shall places holy their and cease; to strong the of pomp the make also will I houses: their possess shall they and heathen, the of worst the bring will I Wherefore
violence. of full is city the and crimes, bloody of full is land the for chain: a Make
it. defile and it, into enter shall robbers the for place: secret my pollute shall they and them, from also turn I will face My
it. pollute shall they and spoil; a for earth the of wicked the to and prey, a for strangers the of hands the into it give will I And
them. from far it set I have therefore therein: things detestable their of and abominations their of images the made they but majesty: in it set he ornament, his of beauty the for As
iniquity. their of stumblingblock the is it because bowels: their fill neither souls, their satisfy not shall they : Lord the of wrath the of day the in them deliver to able be not shall gold their and silver their removed: be shall gold their and streets, the in silver their cast shall They
heads. their all upon baldness and faces, all upon be shall shame and them; cover shall horror and sackcloth, with themselves gird also shall They
water. as weak be shall knees all and feeble, be shall hands All
iniquity. his for one every mourning, them of all valleys, the of doves like mountains the on be shall and escape, shall them of escape that they But
him. devour shall pestilence and famine city, the in is that he and sword; the with die shall field the in is that he within: famine the and pestilence the and without, is sword The
thereof. multitude the all upon is wrath my for battle: the to goeth none but ready; all make to even trumpet, the blown have They
life. his of iniquity the in himself strengthen any shall neither return; not shall which thereof, multitude whole the touching is vision the for alive: yet were they although sold, is which that to return not shall seller the For
thereof. multitude the all upon is wrath for mourn: seller the nor rejoice, buyer the not let near: draweth day the come, is time The
them. for wailing be there shall neither their's: of any of nor multitude, their of nor remain, shall them of none wickedness: of rod a into up risen is Violence
budded. hath pride blossomed, hath rod the forth; gone is morning the come: is it behold, day, the Behold
smiteth. that Lord the am I that know shall ye and thee; of midst the in are that abominations thine and ways thy to according thee recompense will I pity: have I will neither spare, not shall eye mine And
abominations. thine all for thee recompense will and ways, thy to according thee judge will I and thee: upon anger mine accomplish and thee, upon fury my out pour shortly I will Now
mountains. the of again sounding the not and near, is trouble of day the come, is time the land: the in dwellest that thou O thee, unto come is morning The
come. is it behold, thee; for watcheth it come: is end the come, is end An
come. is behold, evil, only an evil, An ; God Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and thee: of midst the in be shall abominations thine and thee, upon ways thy recompense will I but pity: have I will neither thee, spare not shall eye mine And
abominations. thine all thee upon recompense will and ways, thy to according thee judge will and thee, upon anger mine send will I and thee, upon come end the is Now
land. the of corners four the upon come is end the end, An Israel; of land the unto God Lord the saith thus man, of son thou Also,
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Moreover
. Lord the am I that know shall they and habitations: their all in Diblath, toward wilderness the than desolate more yea, desolate, land the make and them, upon hand my out stretch I will So
idols. their all to savour sweet offer did they where place the oak, thick every under and tree, green every under and mountains, the of tops the all in hill, high every upon altars, their about round idols their among be shall men slain their when , Lord the am I that know ye shall Then
them. upon fury my accomplish I will thus famine: the by die shall besieged is and remaineth that he and sword; the by fall shall near is that he and pestilence; the of die shall off far is that He
pestilence. the by and famine, the by sword, the by fall shall they for Israel! of house the of abominations evil the all for Alas say, and foot, thy with stamp and hand, thine with Smite ; God Lord the saith Thus
them. unto evil this do would I that vain in said not have I that and , Lord the am I that know shall they And
abominations. their all in committed have they which evils the for themselves lothe shall they and idols: their after whoring a go which eyes, their with and me, from departed hath which heart, whorish their with broken am I because captives, carried be shall they whither nations the among me remember shall you of escape that they And
countries. the through scattered be shall ye when nations, the among sword the escape shall that some have may ye that remnant, a leave I will Yet
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and you, of midst the in fall shall slain the And
abolished. be may works your and down, cut be may images your and cease, and broken be may idols your and desolate, made and waste laid be may altars your that desolate; be shall places high the and waste, laid be shall cities the dwellingplaces your all In
altars. your about round bones your scatter will I and idols; their before Israel of children the of carcases dead the lay will I And
idols. your before men slain your down cast will I and broken: be shall images your and desolate, be shall altars your And
places. high your destroy will I and you, upon sword a bring will I, even I, Behold, valleys; the to and rivers, the to hills, the to and mountains, the to God Lord the saith Thus ; God Lord the of word the hear Israel, of mountains Ye say, And
them, against prophesy and Israel, of mountains the toward face thy set man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the And
it. spoken have Lord the I thee. upon sword the bring will I and thee; through pass shall blood and pestilence and thee: bereave shall they and beasts, evil and famine you upon send I will So
bread: of staff your break will and you, upon famine the increase will I and you: destroy to send will I which and destruction, their for be shall which famine, of arrows evil the them upon send shall I When
it. spoken have Lord the I rebukes. furious in and fury in and anger in thee in judgments execute shall I when thee, about round are that nations the unto astonishment an and instruction an taunt, a and reproach a be shall it So
by. pass that all of sight the in thee, about round are that nations the among reproach a and waste, thee make will I Moreover
them. in fury my accomplished have I when zeal, my in it spoken have Lord the I that know shall they and comforted: be will I and them, upon rest to fury my cause will I and accomplished, be anger mine shall Thus
them. after sword a out draw will I and winds, the all into part third a scatter will I and thee; about round sword the by fall shall part third a and thee: of midst the in consumed be they shall famine with and pestilence, the with die shall thee of part third A
pity. any have I will neither spare, eye mine shall neither thee; diminish also I will therefore abominations, thine all with and things, detestable thy all with sanctuary my defiled hast thou because Surely, ; God Lord the saith live, I as Wherefore,
winds. the all into scatter I will thee of remnant whole the and thee, in judgments execute will I and fathers; their eat shall sons the and thee, of midst the in sons the eat shall fathers the Therefore
abominations. thine all of because like, the more any do not will I whereunto and done, not have I which that thee in do will I And
nations. the of sight the in thee of midst the in judgments execute will and thee, against am I, even I, Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
you; about round are that nations the of judgments the to according done have neither judgments, my kept have neither statutes, my in walked not have and you, about round are that nations the than more multiplied ye Because ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
them. in walked not have they statutes, my and judgments my refused have they for her: about round are that countries the than more statutes my and nations, the than more wickedness into judgments my changed hath she And
her. about round are that countries and nations the of midst the in it set have I Jerusalem: is This ; God Lord the saith Thus
Israel. of house the all into forth come fire a shall thereof for fire; the in them burn and fire, the of midst the into them cast and again, them of take Then
skirts. thy in them bind and number, in few a thereof take also shalt Thou
them. after sword a out draw will I and wind; the in scatter shalt thou part third a and knife: a with it about smite and part, third a take shalt thou and fulfilled: are siege the of days the when city, the of midst the in part third a fire with burn shalt Thou
hair. the divide and weigh, to balances thee take then beard: thy upon and head thine upon pass to it cause and razor, barber's a thee take knife, sharp a thee take man, of son thou, And
iniquity. their for away consume and another, with one astonied be and water, and bread want may they That
astonishment: with and measure, by water drink shall they and care; with and weight, by bread eat shall they and Jerusalem: in bread of staff the break will I behold, man, of Son me, unto said he Moreover
therewith. bread thy prepare shalt thou and dung, man's for dung cow's thee given have I Lo, me, unto said he Then
mouth. my into flesh abominable there came neither pieces; in torn is or itself, of dieth which that of eaten not I have now till even up youth my from for polluted: been not hath soul my behold, ! God Lord Ah I, said Then
them. drive will I whither Gentiles, the among bread defiled their eat Israel of children the shall thus Even said, Lord the And
sight. their in man, of out cometh that dung with it bake shalt thou and cakes, barley as it eat shalt thou And
drink. thou shalt time to time from hin: an of part sixth the measure, by water also drink shalt Thou
it. eat thou shalt time to time from day: a shekels twenty weight, by be shall eat shalt thou which meat thy And
thereof. eat thou shalt days ninety and hundred three side, thy upon lie shalt thou that days the of number the to according thereof, bread thee make and vessel, one in them put and fitches, and millet, and lentiles, and beans, and barley, and wheat, thee unto also thou Take
siege. thy of days the ended hast thou till another, to side one from thee turn not shalt thou and thee, upon bands lay will I behold, And,
it. against prophesy shalt thou and uncovered, be shall arm thine and Jerusalem, of siege the toward face thy set shalt thou Therefore
year. a for day each thee appointed have I days: forty Judah of house the of iniquity the bear shalt thou and side, right thy on again lie them, accomplished hast thou when And
Israel. of house the of iniquity the bear thou shalt so days: ninety and hundred three days, the of number the to according iniquity, their of years the thee upon laid have I For
iniquity. their bear shalt thou it upon lie shalt thou that days the of number the to according it: upon Israel of house the of iniquity the lay and side, left thy upon also thou Lie
Israel. of house the to sign a be shall This it. against siege lay shalt thou and besieged, be shall it and it, against face thy set and city: the and thee between iron of wall a for it set and pan, iron an thee unto thou take Moreover
about. round it against rams battering set and it, against also camp the set it; against mount a cast and it, against fort a build and it, against siege lay And
Jerusalem: even city, the it upon pourtray and thee, before it lay and tile, a thee take man, of son also, Thou
house. rebellious a are they for forbear: him let forbeareth, that he and hear; him let heareth, that He ; God Lord the saith Thus them, unto say shalt thou and mouth, thy open will I thee, with speak I when But
house. rebellious a are they for reprover: a them to be not shalt and dumb, be shalt thou that mouth, thy of roof the to cleave tongue thy make will I And
them: among out go not shalt thou and them, with thee bind shall and thee, upon bands put shall they behold, man, of son O thou, But
house. thine within thyself shut Go, me, unto said and me, with spake and feet, my upon me set and me, into entered spirit the Then
face. my on fell I and Chebar: of river the by saw I which glory the as there, stood Lord the of glory the behold, and, plain: the into forth went and arose, I Then
thee. with talk there will I and plain, the into forth go Arise, me, unto said he and me; upon there was Lord the of hand the And
soul. thy delivered hast thou also warned; is he because live, surely shall he sin, not doth he and not, sin righteous the that man, righteous the warn thou if Nevertheless
hand. thine at require I will blood his but remembered; be not shall done hath he which righteousness his and sin, his in die shall he warning, him given not hast thou because die: shall he him, before stumbling-block a lay I and iniquity, commit and righteousness, his from turn doth man righteous a When Again,
soul. thy delivered hast thou but iniquity; his in die shall he way, wicked his from nor wickedness, his from not turn he and wicked, the warn thou if Yet
hand. thine at require I will blood his but iniquity; his in die shall man wicked same the life; his save to way, wicked his from wicked the warn to speakest nor warning, not him givest thou and die; surely shalt Thou wicked, the unto say I When
me. from warning them give and mouth, my at word the hear therefore Israel: of house the unto watchman a thee made have I man, of Son
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the that days, seven of end the at pass to came it And
days. seven them among astonished there remained and sat, they where sat I and Chebar, of river the by dwelt that Telabib, at captivity the of them to came I Then
me. upon strong was Lord the of hand the but spirit; my of heat the in bitterness, in went I and away, me took and up, me lifted spirit the So
rushing. great a of noise a and them, against over wheels the of noise the and another, one touched that creatures living the of wings the of noise the also heard I
place. his from Lord the of glory the be Blessed saying, rushing, great a of voice a me behind heard I and up, me took spirit the Then
forbear. will they whether or hear, will they whether ; God Lord the saith Thus them, tell and them, unto speak and people, thy of children the unto captivity, the of them to thee get go, And
ears. thine with hear and heart, thine in receive thee unto speak shall I that words my all man, of Son me, unto said he Moreover
house. rebellious a be they though looks, their at dismayed be neither not, them fear forehead: thy made I have flint than harder adamant an As
foreheads. their against strong forehead thy and faces, their against strong face thy made have I Behold,
hardhearted. and impudent are Israel of house the all for me: unto hearken not will they for thee; unto hearken not will Israel of house the But
thee. unto hearkened have would they them, to thee sent I had Surely, understand. not canst thou words whose language, hard an of and speech strange a of people many to Not
Israel; of house the to but language, hard an of and speech strange a of people a to sent not art thou For
them. unto words my with speak and Israel, of house the unto thee get go, man, of Son me, unto said he And
sweetness. for honey as mouth my in was it and it; eat I did Then thee. give I that roll this with bowels thy fill and eat, to belly thy cause man, of Son me, unto said he And
roll. that eat to me caused he and mouth, my opened I So
Israel. of house the unto speak go and roll, this eat findest; thou that eat man, of Son me, unto said he Moreover
woe. and mourning, and lamentations, therein written was there and without: and within written was it and me; before it spread he And
therein; was book a of roll a lo, and, me; unto sent was hand an behold, looked, I when And
thee. give I that eat and mouth, thy open house: rebellious that like rebellious thou not Be thee; unto say I what hear man, of son thou, But
rebellious. most are they for forbear: will they whether or hear, will they whether them, unto words my speak shalt thou And
house. rebellious a be they though looks, their at dismayed be nor words, their of afraid not be scorpions: among dwell dost thou and thee, with be thorns and briers though words, their of afraid be neither them, of afraid not be man, of son thou, And
them. among prophet a been hath there that know shall yet house,) rebellious a are they (for forbear, will they whether or hear, will they whether they, And
. God Lord the saith Thus them, unto say shalt thou and them; unto thee send do I stiffhearted. and children impudent are they For
day. very this unto even me, against transgressed have fathers their and they me: against rebelled hath that nation rebellious a to Israel, of children the to thee send I man, of Son me, unto said he And
me. unto spake that him heard I that feet, my upon me set and me, unto spake he when me into entered spirit the And
thee. unto speak will I and feet, thy upon stand man, of Son me, unto said he And
spake. that one of voice a heard I and face, my upon fell I it, saw I when And . Lord the of glory the of likeness the of appearance the was This about. round brightness the of appearance the was so rain, of day the in cloud the in is that bow the of appearance the As
about. round brightness had it and fire, of appearance the were it as saw I downward, even loins his of appearance the from and upward, even loins his of appearance the from it, within about round fire of appearance the as amber, of colour the as saw I And
it. upon above man a of appearance the as likeness the was throne the of likeness the upon and stone: sapphire a of appearance the as throne, a of likeness the was heads their over was that firmament the above And
wings. their down let had and stood, they when heads, their over was that firmament the from voice a was there And
wings. their down let they stood, they when host: an of noise the as speech, of voice the Almighty, the of voice the as waters, great of noise the like wings, their of noise the heard I went, they when And
bodies. their side, that on covered which two, had one every and side, this on covered which two, had one every other: the toward one the straight, wings their were firmament the under And
above. heads their over forth stretched crystal, terrible the of colour the as was creature living the of heads the upon firmament the of likeness the And
wheels. the in was creature living the of spirit the for them: against over up lifted were wheels the earth, the from up lifted were those when and stood; these stood, those when and went; these went, those When
wheels. the in was creature living the of spirit the for them: against over up lifted were wheels the and go; to spirit their was thither went, they go, to was spirit the Whithersoever
up. lifted were wheels the earth, the from up lifted were creatures living the when and them: by went wheels the went, creatures living the when And
four. them about round eyes of full were rings their and dreadful; were they that high so were they rings, their for As
went. they when not turned they and sides: four their upon went they went, they When
wheel. a of middle the in wheel a were it as was work their and appearance their and likeness: one had four they and beryl: a of colour the unto like was work their and wheels the of appearance The
faces. four his with creatures, living the by earth the upon wheel one behold creatures, living the beheld I as Now
lightning. of flash a of appearance the as returned and ran creatures living the And
lightning. forth went fire the of out and bright, was fire the and creatures; living the among down and up went it lamps: of appearance the like and fire, of coals burning like was appearance their creatures, living the of likeness the for As
went. they when not turned they and went; they go, to was spirit the whither forward: straight one every went they And
bodies. their covered two and another, to one joined were one every of wings two upward; stretched were wings their and faces: their were Thus
eagle. an of face the had also four they side; left the on ox an of face the had four they and side: right the on lion, a of face the and man, a of face the had four they faces, their of likeness the for As
forward. straight one every went they went; they when not turned they another; to one joined were wings Their
wings. their and faces their had four they and sides; four their on wings their under man a of hands the had they And
brass. burnished of colour the like sparkled they and foot: calf's a of sole the like was feet their of sole the and feet; straight were feet their And
wings. four had one every and faces, four had one every And
man. a of likeness the had they appearance; their was this And creatures. living four of likeness the came thereof midst the of out Also
fire. the of midst the of out amber, of colour the as thereof midst the of out and it, about was brightness a and itself, infolding fire a and cloud, great a north, the of out came whirlwind a behold, and, looked, I And
him. upon there was Lord the of hand the and Chebar; river the by Chaldeans the of land the in Buzi, of son the priest, the Ezekiel unto expressly came Lord the of word The
captivity, Jehoiachin's king of year fifth the was which month, the of day fifth the In
God. of visions saw I and opened, were heavens the that Chebar, of river the by captives the among was I as month, the of day fifth the in month, fourth the in year, thirtieth the in pass to came it Now
Ezekiel
us. against wroth very art thou us; rejected utterly hast thou But
old. of as days our renew turned; be shall we and , Lord O thee, unto us thou Turn
time? long so us forsake and ever, for us forget thou dost Wherefore
generation. to generation from throne thy ever; for remainest , Lord O Thou,
it. upon walk foxes the desolate, is which Zion, of mountain the of Because
dim. are eyes our things these for faint; is heart our this For
sinned! have we that us, unto woe head: our from fallen is crown The
mourning. into turned is dance our ceased; is heart our of joy The
musick. their from men young the gate, the from ceased have elders The
wood. the under fell children the and grind, to men young the took They
honoured. not were elders of faces the hand: their by up hanged are Princes
Judah. of cities the in maids the and Zion, in women the ravished They
famine. terrible the of because oven an like black was skin Our
wilderness. the of sword the of because lives our of peril the with bread our gat We
hand. their of out us deliver doth that none is there us: over ruled have Servants
iniquities. their borne have we and not; are and sinned, have fathers Our
bread. with satisfied be to Assyrians, the to and Egyptians, the to hand the given have We
rest. no have and labour, we persecution: under are necks Our
us. unto sold is wood our money; for water our drunken have We
widows. as are mothers our fatherless, and orphans are We
aliens. to houses our strangers, to turned is inheritance Our
reproach. our behold and consider, us: upon come is what , Lord O Remember,
sins. thy discover will he Edom; of daughter O iniquity, thine visit will he captivity: into away thee carry more no will he Zion; of daughter O accomplished, is iniquity thine of punishment The
naked. thyself make shalt and drunken, be shalt thou thee: unto through pass shall also cup the Uz; of land the in dwellest that Edom, of daughter O glad, be and Rejoice
heathen. the among live shall we shadow his Under said, we whom of pits, their in taken was , Lord the of anointed the nostrils, our of breath The
wilderness. the in us for wait laid they mountains, the upon us pursued they heaven: the of eagles the than swifter are persecutors Our
come. is end our for fulfilled; are days our near, is end our streets: our in go cannot we that steps, our hunt They
us. save not could that nation a for watched have we watching our in help: vain our for failed yet as eyes our us, for As
elders. the not favoured they priests, the of persons the not respected they them: regard more no will he them; divided hath Lord the of anger The
there. sojourn more no shall They heathen, the among said they wandered, and away fled they when not: touch depart, depart, unclean; is it ye; Depart them, unto cried They
garments. their touch not could men that so blood, with themselves polluted have they streets, the in men blind as wandered have They
her, of midst the in just the of blood the shed have that priests, her of iniquities the and prophets, her of sins the For
Jerusalem. of gates the into entered have should enemy the and adversary the that believed have not would world, the of inhabitants the all and earth, the of kings The
thereof. foundations the devoured hath it and Zion, in fire a kindled hath and anger, fierce his out poured hath he fury; his accomplished hath Lord The
people. my of daughter the of destruction the in meat their were they children: own their sodden have women pitiful the of hands The
field. the of fruits the of want for through stricken away, pine these for hunger: with slain be that they than better are sword the with slain be that They
stick. a like become is it withered, is it bones; their to cleaveth skin their streets: the in known not are they coal; a than blacker is visage Their
sapphire: of was polishing their rubies, than body in ruddy more were they milk, than whiter were they snow, than purer were Nazarites Her
her. on stayed hands no and moment, a in as overthrown was that Sodom, of sin the of punishment the than greater is people my of daughter the of iniquity the of punishment the For
dunghills. embrace scarlet in up brought were that they streets: the in desolate are delicately feed did that They
them. unto it breaketh man no and bread, ask children young the thirst: for mouth his of roof the to cleaveth child sucking the of tongue The
wilderness. the in ostriches the like cruel, become is people my of daughter the ones: young their to suck give they breast, the out draw monsters sea the Even
potter! the of hands the of work the pitchers, earthen as esteemed they are how gold, fine to comparable Zion, of sons precious The
street. every of top the in out poured are sanctuary the of stones the changed! gold fine most the is how dim! become gold the is How
. Lord the of heavens the under from anger in them destroy and Persecute
them. unto curse thy heart, of sorrow them Give
hands. their of work the to according , Lord O recompence, a them unto Render
musick. their am I up; rising their and down, sitting their Behold
day. the all me against device their and me, against up rose that those of lips The
me; against imaginations their all and , Lord O reproach, their heard hast Thou
me. against imaginations their all and vengeance their all seen hast Thou
cause. my thou judge wrong: my seen hast thou , Lord O
life. my redeemed hast thou soul; my of causes the pleaded hast thou , Lord O
not. Fear saidst, thou thee: upon called I that day the in near drewest Thou
cry. my at breathing, my at ear thine not hide voice: my heard hast Thou
dungeon. low the of out , Lord O name, thy upon called I
off. cut am I said, I then head; mine over flowed Waters
me. upon stone a cast and dungeon, the in life my off cut have They
cause. without bird, a like sore, me chased enemies Mine
city. my of daughters the all of because heart mine affecteth eye Mine
heaven. from behold and down, look Lord the Till
intermission. any without not, ceaseth and down, trickleth eye Mine
people. my of daughter the of destruction the for water of rivers with down runneth eye Mine
destruction. and desolation us, upon come is snare a and Fear
us. against mouths their opened have enemies our All
people. the of midst the in refuse and offscouring the as us made hast Thou
through. pass not should prayer our that cloud, a with thyself covered hast Thou
pitied. not hast thou slain, hast thou us: persecuted and anger, with covered hast Thou
pardoned. not hast thou rebelled: have and transgressed have We
heavens. the in God unto hands our with heart our up lift us Let
. Lord the to again turn and ways, our try and search us Let
sins? his of punishment the for man a complain, man living a doth Wherefore
good? and evil not proceedeth High most the of mouth the of Out
not? it commandeth Lord the when pass, to cometh it and saith, that he is Who
not. approveth Lord the cause, his in man a subvert To
High, most the of face the before man a of right the aside turn To
earth. the of prisoners the all feet his under crush To
men. of children the grieve nor willingly afflict not doth he For
mercies. his of multitude the to according compassion have he will yet grief, cause he though But
ever: for off cast not will Lord the For
reproach. with full filled is he him: smiteth that him to cheek his giveth He
hope. be may there be so if dust; the in mouth his putteth He
him. upon it borne hath he because silence, keepeth and alone sitteth He
youth. his in yoke the bear he that man a for good is It
. Lord the of salvation the for wait quietly and hope both should man a that good is It
him. seeketh that soul the to him, for wait that them unto good is Lord The
him. in hope I will therefore soul; my saith portion, my is Lord The
faithfulness. thy is great morning: every new are They
not. fail compassions his because consumed, not are we that mercies 's Lord the of is It
hope. I have therefore mind, my to recall I This
me. in humbled is and remembrance, in still them hath soul My
gall. the and wormwood the misery, my and affliction mine Remembering
: Lord the from perished is hope my and strength My said, I And
prosperity. forgat I peace: from off far soul my removed hast thou And
ashes. with me covered hath he stones, gravel with teeth my broken also hath He
wormwood. with drunken me made hath he bitterness, with me filled hath He
day. the all song their and people; my all to derision a was I
reins. my into enter to quiver his of arrows the caused hath He
arrow. the for mark a as me set and bow, his bent hath He
desolate. me made hath he pieces: in me pulled and ways, my aside turned hath He
places. secret in lion a as and wait, in lying bear a as me unto was He
crooked. paths my made hath he stone, hewn with ways my inclosed hath He
prayer. my out shutteth he shout, and cry I when Also
heavy. chain my made hath he out: get cannot I that about, me hedged hath He
old. of dead be that they as places, dark in me set hath He
travail. and gall with me compassed and me, against builded hath He
bones. my broken hath he old; made he hath skin my and flesh My
day. the all me against hand his turneth he turned; he is me against Surely
light. into not but darkness, into me brought and me, led hath He
wrath. his of rod the by affliction seen hath that man the Am I
consumed. enemy mine hath up brought and swaddled have I that those remained: nor escaped none anger 's Lord the of day the in that so about, round terrors my day solemn a in as called hast Thou
pitied. not and killed, hast thou anger; thine of day the in them slain hast thou sword; the by fallen are men young my and virgins my streets: the in ground the on lie old the and young The
Lord? the of sanctuary the in slain be prophet the and priest the shall long? span a of children and fruit, their eat women the Shall this. done hast thou whom to consider and , Lord O Behold,
street. every of top the in hunger for faint that children, young thy of life the for him toward hands thy up lift : Lord the of face the before water like heart thine out pour watches the of beginning the in night: the in out cry Arise,
cease. eye thine of apple the not let rest; no thyself give night: and day river a like down run tears let Zion, of daughter the of wall O , Lord the unto cried heart Their
adversaries. thine of horn the up set hath he thee, over rejoice to enemy thine caused hath he and pitied: not hath and down, thrown hath he old: of days the in commanded had he that word his fulfilled hath he devised; had he which that done hath Lord The
it. seen have we found, have we for; looked we that day the is this certainly up: her swallowed have We say, they teeth: the gnash and hiss they thee: against mouth their opened have enemies thine All
earth? whole the of joy The beauty, of perfection The call men that city the this Is saying, Jerusalem, of daughter the at head their wag and hiss they thee; at hands their clap by pass that All
banishment. of causes and burdens false thee for seen have but captivity; thy away turn to iniquity, thine discovered not have they and thee: for things foolish and vain seen have prophets Thy
thee? heal can who sea: the like great is breach thy for Zion? of daughter virgin O thee, comfort may I that thee, to equal I shall what Jerusalem? of daughter O thee, to liken I shall thing what thee? for witness to take I shall thing What
bosom. mothers' their into out poured was soul their when city, the of streets the in wounded the as swooned they when wine? and corn is Where mothers, their to say They
city. the of streets the in swoon sucklings the and children the because people; my of daughter the of destruction the for earth, the upon poured is liver my troubled, are bowels my tears, with fail do eyes Mine
ground. the to heads their down hang Jerusalem of virgins the sackcloth: with themselves girded have they heads; their upon dust up cast have they silence: keep and ground, the upon sit Zion of daughter the of elders The
. Lord the from vision no find also prophets her more; no is law the Gentiles: the among are princes her and king her bars: her broken and destroyed hath he ground; the into sunk are gates Her
together. languished they lament; to wall the and rampart the made he therefore destroying: from hand his withdrawn not hath he line, a out stretched hath he Zion: of daughter the of wall the destroy to purposed hath Lord The
feast. solemn a of day the in as , Lord the of house the in noise a made have they palaces; her of walls the enemy the of hand the into up given hath he sanctuary, his abhorred hath he altar, his off cast hath Lord The
priest. the and king the anger his of indignation the in despised hath and Zion, in forgotten be to sabbaths and feasts solemn the caused hath Lord the assembly: the of places his destroyed hath he garden: a of were it if as tabernacle, his away taken violently hath he And
lamentation. and mourning Judah of daughter the in increased hath and holds, strong his destroyed hath he palaces: her all up swallowed hath he Israel, up swallowed hath he enemy: an as was Lord The
fire. like fury his out poured he Zion: of daughter the of tabernacle the in eye the to pleasant were that all slew and adversary, an as hand right his with stood he enemy: an like bow his bent hath He
about. round devoureth which fire, flaming a like Jacob against burned he and enemy, the before from hand right his back drawn hath he Israel: of horn the all anger fierce his in off cut hath He
thereof. princes the and kingdom the polluted hath he ground: the to down them brought hath he Judah; of daughter the of holds strong the wrath his in down thrown hath he pitied: not hath and Jacob, of habitations the all up swallowed hath Lord The
anger! his of day the in footstool his not remembered and Israel, of beauty the earth the unto heaven from down cast and anger, his in cloud a with Zion of daughter the covered Lord the hath How
faint. is heart my and many, are sighs my for transgressions: my all for me unto done hast thou as them, unto do and thee; before come wickedness their all Let
me. unto like be shall they and called, hast thou that day the bring wilt thou it: done hast thou that glad are they trouble; my of heard have enemies mine all me: comfort to none is there sigh: I that heard have They
death. as is there home at bereaveth, sword the abroad rebelled: grievously have I for me; within turned is heart mine troubled; are bowels my distress: in am I for ; Lord O Behold,
souls. their relieve to meat their sought they while city, the in ghost the up gave elders mine and priests my me: deceived they but lovers, my for called I
captivity. into gone are men young my and virgins my sorrow: my behold and people, all you, pray I hear, commandment: his against rebelled have I for righteous; is Lord The
them. among woman menstruous a as is Jerusalem him: about round be should adversaries his that Jacob, concerning commanded hath Lord the her: comfort to none is there and hands, her forth spreadeth Zion
prevailed. enemy the because desolate, are children my me: from far is soul my relieve should that comforter the because water, with down runneth eye mine eye, mine weep; I things these For
winepress. a in as Judah, of daughter the virgin, the trodden hath Lord the men: young my crush to me against assembly an called hath he me: of midst the in men mighty my all foot under trodden hath Lord The
up. rise to able not am I whom from hands, their into me delivered hath Lord the fall, to strength my made hath he neck: my upon up come and wreathed, are they hand: his by bound is transgressions my of yoke The
day. the all faint and desolate me made hath he back: me turned hath he feet, my for net a spread hath he them: against prevaileth it and bones, my into fire sent he hath above From
anger. fierce his of day the in me afflicted hath Lord the wherewith me, unto done is which sorrow, my unto like sorrow any be there if see and behold, by? pass that ye all you, to nothing it Is
vile. become am I for consider; and , Lord O see, soul: the relieve to meat for things pleasant their given have they bread; seek they sigh, people her All
congregation. thy into enter not should they that command didst thou whom sanctuary, her into entered heathen the that seen hath she for things: pleasant her all upon hand his out spread hath adversary The
himself. magnified hath enemy the for affliction: my behold , Lord O comforter. no had she wonderfully: down came she therefore end; last her not remembereth she skirts; her in is filthiness Her
backward. turneth and sigheth, she yea, nakedness: her seen have they because her, despise her honoured that all removed: is she therefore sinned; grievously hath Jerusalem
sabbaths. her at mock did and her, saw adversaries the her: help did none and enemy, the of hand the into fell people her when old, of days the in had she that things pleasant her all miseries her of and affliction her of days the in remembered Jerusalem
pursuer. the before strength without gone are they and pasture, no find that harts like become are princes her departed: is beauty her all Zion of daughter the from And
enemy. the before captivity into gone are children her transgressions: her of multitude the for her afflicted hath Lord the for prosper; enemies her chief, the are adversaries Her
bitterness. in is she and afflicted, are virgins her sigh, priests her desolate: are gates her all feasts: solemn the to come none because mourn, do Zion of ways The
straits. the between her overtook persecutors her all rest: no findeth she heathen, the among dwelleth she servitude: great of because and affliction, of because captivity into gone is Judah
enemies. her become are they her, with treacherously dealt have friends her all her: comfort to none hath she lovers her all among cheeks: her on are tears her and night, the in sore weepeth She
tributary! become she is how provinces, the among princess and nations, the among great was that she widow! a as become she is how people! of full was that solitary, sit city the doth How
Lamentations
life. his of days the all death, his of day the until portion a day every Babylon, of king the of him given diet continual a was there diet, his for And
life. his of days the all him before bread eat continually did he and garments: prison his changed And
Babylon, in him with were that kings the of throne the above throne his set and him, unto kindly spake And
prison. of out forth him brought and Judah, of king Jehoiachin of head the up lifted reign his of year first the in Babylon of king Evilmerodach that month, the of day twentieth and five the in month, twelfth the in Judah, of king Jehoiachin of captivity the of year thirtieth and seven the in pass to came it And
hundred. six and thousand four were persons the all persons: five and forty hundred seven Jews the of captive away carried guard the of captain the Nebuzaradan Nebuchadrezzar of year twentieth and three the In
persons: two and thirty hundred eight Jerusalem from captive away carried he Nebuchadrezzar of year eighteenth the In
twenty: and three and Jews thousand three year seventh the in captive: away carried Nebuchadrezzar whom people the is This
land. own his of out captive away carried was Judah Thus Hamath. of land the in Riblah in death to them put and them, smote Babylon of king the And
Riblah. to Babylon of king the to them brought and them, took guard the of captain the Nebuzaradan So
city. the of midst the in found were that land, the of people the of men threescore and land; the of people the mustered who host, the of scribe principal the and city; the in found were which person, king's the near were that them of men seven and war; of men the of charge the had which eunuch, an city the of out also took He
door: the of keepers three the and priest, second the Zephaniah and priest, chief the Seraiah took guard the of captain the And
about. round hundred an were network the upon pomegranates the all and side; a on pomegranates six and ninety were there And
these. unto like were pomegranates the and also pillar second The brass. of all about, round chapiters the upon pomegranates and network with cubits, five was chapiter one of height the and it; upon was brass of chapiter a And
hollow. was it fingers: four was thereof thickness the and it; compass did cubits twelve of fillet a and cubits; eighteen was pillar one of height the pillars, the concerning And
weight. without was vessels these all of brass the : Lord the of house the in made had Solomon king which bases, the under were that bulls brasen twelve and sea, one pillars, two The
away. guard the of captain the took silver, in silver of was which that and gold, in gold of was which that cups; the and spoons, the and candlesticks, the and caldrons, the and bowls, the and firepans, the and basons, the And
away. they took ministered, they wherewith brass of vessels the all and spoons, the and bowls, the and snuffers, the and shovels, the and also, caldrons The
Babylon. to them of brass the all carried and brake, Chaldeans the , Lord the of house the in was that sea brasen the and bases, the and , Lord the of house the in were that brass of pillars the Also
husbandmen. for and vinedressers for land the of poor the of certain left guard the of captain the Nebuzaradan But
multitude. the of rest the and Babylon, of king the to fell that away, fell that those and city, the in remained that people the of residue the and people, the of poor the of certain captive away carried guard the of captain the Nebuzaradan Then
about. round Jerusalem of walls the all down brake guard, the of captain the with were that Chaldeans, the of army the all And
fire: with he burned men, great the of houses the all and Jerusalem, of houses the all and house; king's the and , Lord the of house the burned And
Jerusalem, into Babylon, of king the served which guard, the of captain Nebuzaradan, came Babylon, of king Nebuchadrezzar of year nineteenth the was which month, the of day tenth the in month, fifth the in Now
death. his of day the till prison in him put and Babylon, to him carried and chains, in him bound Babylon of king the and Zedekiah; of eyes the out put he Then
Riblah. in Judah of princes the all also slew he eyes: his before Zedekiah of sons the slew Babylon of king the And
him. upon judgment gave he where Hamath; of land the in Riblah to Babylon of king the unto up him carried and king, the took they Then
him. from scattered was army his all and Jericho; of plains the in Zedekiah overtook and king, the after pursued Chaldeans the of army the But
plain. the of way the by went they and about:) round city the by were Chaldeans the (now garden; king's the by was which walls, two the between gate the of way the by night by city the of out forth went and fled, war of men the all and up, broken was city the Then
land. the of people the for bread no was there that so city, the in sore was famine the month, the of day ninth the in month, fourth the in And
Zedekiah. king of year eleventh the unto besieged was city the So
about. round it against forts built and it, against pitched and Jerusalem, against army, his all and he came, Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar that month, the of day tenth the in month, tenth the in reign, his of year ninth the in pass to came it And
Babylon. of king the against rebelled Zedekiah that presence, his from out them cast had he till Judah, and Jerusalem in pass to came it Lord the of anger the through For
done. had Jehoiakim that all to according , Lord the of eyes the in evil was which that did he And
Libnah. of Jeremiah of daughter the Hamutal was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years eleven reigned he and reign, to began he when old years twenty and one was Zedekiah
Jeremiah. of words the are far Thus weary. be shall they and her: upon bring will I that evil the from rise not shall and sink, Babylon shall Thus say, shalt thou And
Euphrates: of midst the into it cast and it, to stone a bind shalt thou that book, this reading of end an made hast thou when be, shall it And
ever. for desolate be shall it that but beast, nor man neither it, in remain shall none that off, it cut to place, this against spoken hast thou , Lord O say, thou shalt Then
words; these all read shalt and see, shalt and Babylon, to comest thou When Seraiah, to said Jeremiah And
Babylon. against written are that words these all even Babylon, upon come should that evil the all book a in wrote Jeremiah So
prince. quiet a was Seraiah this And reign. his of year fourth the in Babylon into Judah of king the Zedekiah with went he when Maaseiah, of son the Neriah, of son the Seraiah commanded prophet the Jeremiah which word The
weary. be shall they and fire, the in folk the and vain, in labour shall people the and fire; with burned be shall gates high her and broken, utterly be shall Babylon of walls broad The hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
hosts. of Lord the is name whose King, the saith wake, not and sleep, perpetual a sleep shall they and men: mighty her and rulers, her and captains, her men, wise her and princes, her drunk make will I And
requite. surely shall recompences of God Lord the for broken: is bows their of one every taken, are men mighty her and Babylon, upon even her, upon come is spoiler the Because
uttered: is voice their of noise a waters, great like roar do waves her when voice; great the her of out destroyed and Babylon, spoiled hath Lord the Because
Chaldeans: the of land the from destruction great and Babylon, from cometh cry a of sound A
. Lord the saith her, unto come spoilers shall me from yet strength, her of height the fortify should she though and heaven, to up mount should Babylon Though
groan. shall wounded the land her all through and images: graven her upon judgment do will I that , Lord the saith come, days the behold, Wherefore,
house. 's Lord the of sanctuaries the into come are strangers for faces: our covered hath shame reproach: heard have we because confounded, are We
mind. your into come Jerusalem let and off, afar Lord the remember still: not stand away, go sword, the escaped have that Ye
earth. the all of slain the fall shall Babylon at so fall, to Israel of slain the caused hath Babylon As
. Lord the saith north, the from her unto come shall spoilers the for Babylon: for sing shall therein, is that all and earth, the and heaven the Then
her. of midst the in fall shall slain her all and confounded, be shall land whole her and Babylon: of images graven the upon judgment do will I that come, days the behold, Therefore,
ruler. against ruler land, the in violence and rumour, a come shall year another in that after and year, one come both shall rumour a land; the in heard be shall that rumour the for fear ye and faint, heart your lest And
. Lord the of anger fierce the from soul his man every ye deliver and her, of midst the of out ye go people, My
fall. shall Babylon of wall the yea, him: unto more any together flow not shall nations the and up: swallowed hath he which that mouth his of out forth bring will I and Babylon, in Bel punish will I And
thereby. pass man of son any doth neither dwelleth, man no wherein land a wilderness, a and land, dry a desolation, a are cities Her
thereof. waves the of multitude the with covered is she Babylon: upon up come is sea The
nations! the among astonishment an become Babylon is how surprised! earth whole the of praise the is how and taken! Sheshach is How
goats. he with rams like slaughter, the to lambs like down them bring will I
. Lord the saith wake, not and sleep, perpetual a sleep and rejoice, may they that drunken, them make will I and feasts, their make will I heat their In
whelps. lions' as yell shall they lions: like together roar shall They
inhabitant. an without hissing, an and astonishment, an dragons, for dwellingplace a heaps, become shall Babylon And
dry. springs her make and sea, her up dry will I and thee; for vengeance take and cause, thy plead will I Behold, ; Lord the saith thus Therefore
say. Jerusalem shall Chaldea, of inhabitants the upon blood my and say; Zion of inhabitant the shall Babylon, upon be flesh my to and me to done violence The
out. me cast hath he delicates, my with belly his filled hath he dragon, a like up me swallowed hath he vessel, empty an me made hath he me, crushed hath he me, devoured hath Babylon of king the Nebuchadrezzar
come. shall harvest her of time the and while, little a yet her: thresh to time is it threshingfloor, a like is Babylon of daughter The Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith thus For
affrighted. are war of men the and fire, with burned have they reeds the and stopped, are passages the that And
end, one at taken is city his that Babylon of king the shew to another, meet to messenger one and another, meet to run shall post One
broken. are bars her dwellingplaces; her burned have they women: as became they failed; hath might their holds: their in remained have they fight, to forborn have Babylon of men mighty The
inhabitant. an without desolation a Babylon of land the make to Babylon, against performed be shall Lord the of purpose every for sorrow: and tremble shall land the And
dominion. his of land the all and thereof, rulers the all and thereof, captains the Medes, the of kings the with nations the her against Prepare
caterpillers. rough the as up come to horses the cause her; against captain a appoint Ashchenaz; and Minni, Ararat, of kingdoms the her against together call her, against nations the prepare nations, the among trumpet the blow land, the in standard a up ye Set
. Lord the saith ever, for desolate be shalt thou but foundations; for stone a nor corner, a for stone a thee of take not shall they And
mountain. burnt a thee make will and rocks, the from down thee roll and thee, upon hand mine out stretch will I and earth: the all destroyest which , Lord the saith mountain, destroying O thee, against am I Behold,
. Lord the saith sight, your in Zion in done have they that evil their all Chaldea of inhabitants the all to and Babylon unto render will I And
rulers. and captains pieces in break I will thee with and oxen; of yoke his and husbandman the pieces in break I will thee with and flock; his and shepherd the thee with pieces in break also will I
maid; the and man young the pieces in break I will thee with and young; and old pieces in break I will thee with and woman; and man pieces in break I will also thee With
rider; his and chariot the pieces in break I will thee with and rider; his and horse the pieces in break I will thee with And
kingdoms; destroy I will thee with and nations, the pieces in break I will thee with for war: of weapons and axe battle my art Thou
name. his is hosts of Lord the inheritance: his of rod the is Israel and things: all of former the is he for them; like not is Jacob of portion The
perish. shall they visitation their of time the in errors: of work the vanity, are They
them. in breath no is there and falsehood, is image molten his for image: graven the by confounded is founder every knowledge; his by brutish is man Every
treasures. his of out wind the forth bringeth and rain, with lightnings maketh he earth: the of ends the from ascend to vapours the causeth he and heavens; the in waters of multitude a is there voice, his uttereth he When
understanding. his by heaven the out stretched hath and wisdom, his by world the established hath he power, his by earth the made hath He
thee. against shout a up lift shall they and caterpillers; with as men, with thee fill will I Surely saying, himself, by sworn hath hosts of Lord The
covetousness. thy of measure the and come, is end thine treasures, in abundant waters, many upon dwellest that thou O
Babylon. of inhabitants the against spake he which that done and devised both hath Lord the for ambushes: the prepare watchmen, the up set strong, watch the make Babylon, of walls the upon standard the up Set
temple. his of vengeance the , Lord the of vengeance the is it because it; destroy to Babylon, against is device his for Medes: the of kings the of spirit the up raised hath Lord the shields: the gather arrows; the bright Make
God. our Lord the of work the Zion in declare us let and come, righteousness: our forth brought hath Lord The
skies. the to even up lifted is and heaven, unto reacheth judgment her for country: own his into one every go us let and her, forsake healed: not is she but Babylon, healed have would We
healed. be may she be so if pain, her for balm take her; for howl destroyed: and fallen suddenly is Babylon
mad. are nations the therefore wine; her of drunken have nations the drunken: earth the all made that hand, 's Lord the in cup golden a been hath Babylon
recompence. a her unto render will he vengeance; 's Lord the of time the is this for iniquity; her in off cut not be soul: his man every deliver and Babylon, of midst the of out Flee
Israel. of One Holy the against sin with filled was land their though hosts; of Lord the of God, his of Judah nor forsaken, been not hath Israel For
streets. her in through thrust are that they and Chaldeans, the of land the in fall shall slain the Thus
host. her all utterly ye destroy men; young her not ye spare and brigandine: his in up himself lifteth that him against and bow, his bend archer the let bendeth that him Against
about. round her against be shall they trouble of day the in for land: her empty shall and her, fan shall that fanners, Babylon unto send will And
wind; destroying a me, against up rise that them of midst the in dwell that them against and Babylon, against up raise will I Behold, ; Lord the saith Thus
nations. the among heard is cry the and moved, is earth the Babylon of taking the of noise the At
them. with desolate habitation their make shall he surely out: them draw shall flock the of least the Surely Chaldeans: the of land the against purposed hath he that purposes, his and Babylon; against taken hath he that , Lord the of counsel the ye hear Therefore
me? before stand will that shepherd that is who and time? the me appoint will who and me? like is who for her? over appoint may I that man, chosen a is who and her: from away run suddenly them make will I but strong: the of habitation the unto Jordan of swelling the from lion a like up come shall he Behold,
travail. in woman a of as pangs and him, of hold took anguish feeble: waxed hands his and them, of report the heard hath Babylon of king The
Babylon. of daughter O thee, against battle, the to man a like array, in put one every horses, upon ride shall they and sea, the like roar shall voice their mercy: shew not will and cruel, are they lance: the and bow the hold shall They
earth. the of coasts the from up raised be shall kings many and nation, great a and north, the from come shall people a Behold,
therein. dwell man of son any shall neither there, abide man no shall so ; Lord the saith thereof, cities neighbour the and Gomorrah and Sodom overthrew God As
generation. to generation from in dwelt be it shall neither ever; for inhabited more no be shall it and therein: dwell shall owls the and there, dwell shall islands the of beasts wild the with desert the of beasts wild the Therefore
idols. their upon mad are they and images, graven of land the is it for up: dried be shall they and waters; her upon is drought A
robbed. be shall they and treasures; her upon is sword a women: as become shall they and her; of midst the in are that people mingled the all upon and chariots, their upon and horses, their upon is sword A
dismayed. be shall they and men; mighty her upon is sword a dote: shall they and liars; the upon is sword A
men. wise her upon and princes, her upon and Babylon, of inhabitants the upon and , Lord the saith Chaldeans, the upon is sword A
Babylon. of inhabitants the disquiet and land, the to rest give may he that cause, their plead throughly shall he name: his is hosts of Lord the strong; is Redeemer Their
go. them let to refused they fast; them held captives them took that all and together: oppressed were Judah of children the and Israel of children The hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
him. about round all devour shall it and cities, his in fire a kindle will I and up: him raise shall none and fall, and stumble shall proud most the And
thee. visit will I that time the come, is day thy for hosts: of God Lord the saith proud, most thou O thee, against am I Behold,
. Lord the saith day, that in off cut be shall war of men her all and streets, the in fall men young her shall Therefore
Israel. of One Holy the against , Lord the against proud been hath she for her: unto do done, hath she that all to according work; her to according her recompense escape: thereof none let about; round it against camp bow, the bend that ye all Babylon: against archers the together Call
temple. his of vengeance the God, our Lord the of vengeance the Zion in declare to Babylon, of land the of out escape and flee that them of voice The
visitation. their of time the come, is day their for them! unto woe slaughter: the to down go them let bullocks; her all Slay
left. be her of nothing let utterly: her destroy and heaps, as up her cast storehouses: her open border, utmost the from her against Come
Chaldeans. the of land the in hosts of God Lord the of work the is this for indignation: his of weapons the forth brought hath and armoury, his opened hath Lord The
. Lord the against striven hast thou because caught, also and found, art thou aware: not wast thou and Babylon, O taken, also art thou and thee, for snare a laid have I
nations! the among desolation a become Babylon is how broken! and asunder cut earth whole the of hammer the is How
destruction. great of and land, the in is battle of sound A
thee. commanded have I that all to according do and , Lord the saith them, after destroy utterly and waste Pekod: of inhabitants the against and it, against even Merathaim, of land the against up Go
reserve. I whom them pardon will I for found: be not shall they and Judah, of sins the and none; be shall there and for, sought be shall Israel of iniquity the , Lord the saith time, that in and days, those In
Gilead. and Ephraim mount upon satisfied be shall soul his and Bashan, and Carmel on feed shall he and habitation, his to again Israel bring will I And
Assyria. of king the punished have I as land, his and Babylon of king the punish will I Behold, Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith thus Therefore
bones. his broken hath Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar this last and him; devoured hath Assyria of king the first away: him driven have lions the sheep; scattered a is Israel
land. own his to one every flee shall they and people, his to one every turn shall they sword oppressing the of fear for harvest: of time the in sickle the handleth that him and Babylon, from sower the off Cut
her. unto do done, hath she as her; upon vengeance take : Lord the of vengeance the is it for down: thrown are walls her fallen, are foundations her hand: her given hath she about: round her against Shout
. Lord the against sinned hath she for arrows: no spare her, at shoot bow, the bend that ye all about: round Babylon against array in yourselves Put
plagues. her all at hiss and astonished, be shall Babylon by goeth that one every desolate: wholly be shall it but inhabited, be not shall it Lord the of wrath the of Because
desert. a and land, dry a wilderness, a be shall nations the of hindermost the behold, ashamed: be shall you bare that she confounded; sore be shall mother Your
bulls; as bellow and grass, at heifer the as fat grown are ye because heritage, mine of destroyers ye O rejoiced, ye because glad, were ye Because
. Lord the saith satisfied, be shall her spoil that all spoil: a be shall Chaldea And
vain. in return shall none man; expert mighty a of as be shall arrows their taken: be shall she thence from her; against array in themselves set shall they and country: north the from nations great of assembly an Babylon against up come to cause and raise will I lo, For,
flocks. the before goats he the as be and Chaldeans, the of land the of out forth go and Babylon, of midst the of out Remove
fathers. their of hope the , Lord the even justice, of habitation the , Lord the against sinned have they because not, offend We said, adversaries their and them: devoured have them found that All
restingplace. their forgotten have they hill, to mountain from gone have they mountains: the on away them turned have they astray, go to them caused have shepherds their sheep: lost been hath people My
forgotten. be not shall that covenant perpetual a in Lord the to ourselves join us let and Come, saying, thitherward, faces their with Zion to way the ask shall They
God. their Lord the seek and go, shall they weeping: and going together, Judah of children the and they come, shall Israel of children the , Lord the saith time, that in and days, those In
beast. and man both depart, shall they remove, shall they therein: dwell shall none and desolate, land her make shall which her, against nation a up cometh there north the of out For
pieces. in broken are images her confounded, are idols her pieces; in broken is Merodach confounded, is Bel taken, is Babylon say, not: conceal and publish, standard; a up set and publish, and nations, the among ye Declare
prophet. the Jeremiah by Chaldeans the of land the against and Babylon against spake Lord the that word The
. Lord the saith Elam, of captivity the again bring will I that days, latter the in pass to come shall it But
. Lord the saith princes, the and king the thence from destroy will and Elam, in throne my set will I And
them: consumed have I till them, after sword the send will I and ; Lord the saith anger, fierce my even them, upon evil bring will I and life: their seek that them before and enemies, their before dismayed be to Elam cause will I For
come. not shall Elam of outcasts the whither nation no be shall there and winds; those all toward them scatter will and heaven, of quarters four the from winds four the bring I will Elam upon And
might. their of chief the Elam, of bow the break will I Behold, hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
saying, Judah, of king Zedekiah of reign the of beginning the in Elam against prophet the Jeremiah to came that Lord the of word The
it. in dwell man of son any nor there, abide man no shall there ever: for desolation a and dragons, for dwelling a be shall Hazor And
. Lord the saith thereof, sides all from calamity their bring will I and corners; utmost the in are that them winds all into scatter will I and spoil: a cattle their of multitude the and booty, a be shall camels their And
alone. dwell which bars, nor gates neither have which , Lord the saith care, without dwelleth that nation, wealthy the unto up you get Arise,
you. against purpose a conceived hath and you, against counsel taken hath Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar for ; Lord the saith Hazor, of inhabitants ye O deep, dwell off, far you get Flee,
side. every on is Fear them, unto cry shall they and camels; their and vessels, their all and curtains, their themselves to take shall they away: take they shall flocks their and tents Their
east. the of men the spoil and Kedar, to up go ye, Arise ; Lord the saith thus smite, shall Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar which Hazor, of kingdoms the concerning and Kedar, Concerning
Benhadad. of palaces the consume shall it and Damascus, of wall the in fire a kindle will I And
hosts. of Lord the saith day, that in off cut be shall war of men the all and streets, her in fall shall men young her Therefore
joy! my of city the left, not praise of city the is How
travail. in woman a as her, taken have sorrows and anguish her: on seized hath fear and flee, to herself turneth and feeble, waxed is Damascus
quiet. be cannot it sea; the on sorrow is there fainthearted; are they tidings: evil heard have they for Arpad: and confounded, is Hamath Damascus. Concerning
pangs. her in woman a of heart the as be Edom of men mighty the of heart the shall day that at and Bozrah: over wings his spread and eagle, the as fly and up come shall he Behold,
sea. Red the in heard was thereof noise the cry the at fall, their of noise the at moved is earth The
them. with desolate habitations their make shall he surely out: them draw shall flock the of least the Surely Teman: of inhabitants the against purposed hath he that purposes, his and Edom; against taken hath he that , Lord the of counsel the hear Therefore
me? before stand will that shepherd that is who and time? the me appoint will who and me? like is who for her? over appoint may I that man, chosen a is who and her: from away run him make suddenly will I but strong: the of habitation the against Jordan of swelling the from lion a like up come shall he Behold,
it. in dwell man of son a shall neither there, abide shall man no , Lord the saith thereof, cities neighbour the and Gomorrah and Sodom of overthrow the in As
thereof. plagues the all at hiss shall and astonished, be shall it by goeth that one every desolation: a be shall Edom Also
. Lord the saith thence, from down thee bring will I eagle, the as high as nest thy make shouldest thou though hill: the of height the holdest that rock, the of clefts the in dwellest that thou O heart, thine of pride the and thee, deceived hath terribleness Thy
men. among despised and heathen, the among small thee make will I lo, For,
battle. the to up rise and her, against come and together, ye Gather saying, heathen, the unto sent is ambassador an and , Lord the from rumour a heard have I
wastes. perpetual be shall thereof cities the all and curse; a and waste, a reproach, a desolation, a become shall Bozrah that , Lord the saith myself, by sworn have I For
it. of drink surely shalt thou but unpunished, go not shalt thou unpunished? go altogether shall that he thou art and drunken; assuredly have cup the of drink to not was judgment whose they Behold, ; Lord the saith thus For
me. in trust widows thy let and alive; them preserve will I children, fatherless thy Leave
not. is he and neighbours, his and brethren, his and spoiled, is seed his himself: hide to able be not shall he and places, secret his uncovered have I bare, Esau made have I But
enough. have they till destroy will they night, by thieves if grapes? gleaning some leave not they would thee, to come grapegatherers If
him. visit will I that time the him, upon Esau of calamity the bring will I for Dedan; of inhabitants O deep, dwell back, turn ye, Flee
vanished? wisdom their is prudent? the from perished counsel is Teman? in more no wisdom Is hosts; of Lord the saith thus Edom, Concerning
. Lord the saith Ammon, of children the of captivity the again bring will I afterward And
wandereth. that him up gather shall none and forth; right man every out driven be shall ye and thee; about be that those all from hosts, of God Lord the saith thee, upon fear a bring will I Behold,
me? unto come shall Who saying, treasures, her in trusted that daughter? backsliding O valley, flowing thy valleys, the in thou gloriest Wherefore
together. princes his and priests his and captivity, into go shall king their for hedges; the by fro and to run and lament, sackcloth; with you gird Rabbah, of daughters ye cry, spoiled: is Ai for Heshbon, O Howl,
. Lord the saith heirs, his were that them unto heir be Israel shall then fire: with burned be shall daughters her and heap, desolate a be shall it and Ammonites; the of Rabbah in heard be to war of alarm an cause will I that , Lord the saith come, days the behold, Therefore,
cities? his in dwell people his and Gad, inherit king their doth then why heir? no he hath sons? no Israel Hath ; Lord the saith thus Ammonites, the Concerning
Moab. of judgment the is far Thus . Lord the saith days, latter the in Moab of captivity the again bring I will Yet
captives. daughters thy and captives, taken are sons thy for perisheth: Chemosh of people the Moab! O thee, unto be Woe
ones. tumultuous the of head the of crown the and Moab, of corner the devour shall and Sihon, of midst the from flame a and Heshbon, of out forth come shall fire a but force: the of because Heshbon of shadow the under stood fled that They
. Lord the saith visitation, their of year the Moab, upon even it, upon bring will I for snare: the in taken be shall pit the of out up getteth that he and pit; the into fall shall fear the from fleeth that He
. Lord the saith Moab, of inhabitant O thee, upon be shall snare, the and pit, the and Fear,
. Lord the against himself magnified hath he because people, a being from destroyed be shall Moab And
pangs. her in woman a of heart the as be shall day that at Moab in hearts men's mighty the and surprised, are holds strong the and taken, is Kerioth
Moab. over wings his spread shall and eagle, an as fly shall he Behold, ; Lord the saith thus For
him. about them all to dismaying a and derision a be Moab shall so shame! with back the turned Moab hath how down! broken it is How saying, howl, shall They
. Lord the saith pleasure, no is wherein vessel a like Moab broken have I for thereof: streets the in and Moab, of housetops the all upon generally lamentation be shall There
sackcloth. loins the upon and cuttings, be shall hands the all upon clipped: beard every and bald, be shall head every For
perished. are gotten hath he that riches the because Kirheres: of men the for pipes like sound shall heart mine and pipes, like Moab for sound shall heart mine Therefore
gods. his to incense burneth that him and places, high the in offereth that him , Lord the saith Moab, in cease to cause will I Moreover
desolate. be shall Nimrim of also waters the for old: years three of heifer an as Horonaim, unto even Zoar from voice, their uttered they have Jahaz, unto even and Elealeh, unto even Heshbon of cry the From
shouting. no be shall shouting their shouting; with tread shall none winepresses: the from fail to wine caused have I and Moab, of land the from and field, plentiful the from taken is gladness and joy And
vintage. thy upon and fruits summer thy upon fallen is spoiler the Jazer: of sea the to even reach they sea, the over gone are plants thy Jazer: of weeping the with thee for weep will I Sibmah, of vine O
Kirheres. of men the for mourn shall heart mine Moab; all for out cry will I and Moab, for howl I will Therefore
it. effect so not shall lies his so; be not shall it but ; Lord the saith wrath, his know I
heart. his of haughtiness the and pride, his and arrogancy, his and loftiness, his proud) exceeding is (he Moab, of pride the heard have We
mouth. hole's the of sides the in nest her maketh that dove the like be and rock, the in dwell and cities, the leave Moab, in dwell that ye O
joy. for skippedst thou him, of spakest thou since for thieves? among found he was thee? unto derision a Israel not was For
derision. in be shall also he and vomit, his in wallow shall also Moab : Lord the against himself magnified he for drunken: him ye Make
. Lord the saith broken, is arm his and off, cut is Moab of horn The
near. or far Moab, of land the of cities the all upon and Bozrah, upon and Kerioth, upon And
Bethmeon, upon and Bethgamul, upon and Kiriathaim, upon And
Bethdiblathaim, upon and Nebo, upon and Dibon, upon And
Mephaath, upon and Jahazah, upon and Holon, upon country; plain the upon come is judgment And
spoiled, is Moab that Arnon, in it ye tell cry; and howl down: broken is it for confounded; is Moab
done? is What say, and escapeth, that her and fleeth, that him ask espy; and way, the by stand Aroer, of inhabitant O
holds. strong thy destroy shall he and thee, upon come shall Moab of spoiler the for thirst; in sit and glory, thy from down come Dibon, inhabit dost that daughter Thou
rod! beautiful the and broken, staff strong the is How say, name, his know that ye all and him; bemoan him, about are that ye All
fast. hasteth affliction his and come, to near is Moab of calamity The
hosts. of Lord the is name whose King, the saith slaughter, the to down gone are men young chosen his and cities, her of out up gone and spoiled, is Moab
war? the for men strong and mighty are We ye, say How
confidence. their Bethel of ashamed was Israel of house the as Chemosh, of ashamed be shall Moab And
bottles. their break and vessels, his empty shall and wander, to him cause shall that wanderers, him unto send will I that , Lord the saith come, days the behold, Therefore,
changed. not is scent his and him, in remained taste his therefore captivity: into gone he hath neither vessel, to vessel from emptied been not hath and lees, his on settled hath he and youth, his from ease at been hath Moab
blood. from sword his back keepeth that he be cursed and deceitfully, Lord the of work the doeth that he be Cursed
therein. dwell to any without desolate, be shall thereof cities the for away: get and flee may it that Moab, unto wings Give
spoken. hath Lord the as destroyed, be shall plain the and perish, shall also valley the escape: shall city no and city, every upon come shall spoiler the And
together. princes his and priests his with captivity into forth go shall Chemosh and taken: be also shalt thou treasures, thy in and works thy in trusted hast thou because For
wilderness. the in heath the like be and lives, your save Flee,
destruction. of cry a heard have enemies the Horonaim of down going the in for up; go shall weeping continual Luhith of up going the in For
heard. be to cry a caused have ones little her destroyed; is Moab
destruction. great and spoiling Horonaim, from be shall crying of voice A
thee. pursue shall sword the Madmen; O down, cut be shalt thou Also nation. a being from off it cut us let and come, it; against evil devised have they Heshbon in Moab: of praise more no be shall There
dismayed. and confounded is Misgab taken: and confounded is Kiriathaim spoiled: is it for Nebo! unto Woe Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith thus Moab Against
it. appointed he hath there shore? sea the against and Ashkelon, against charge a it given hath Lord the seeing quiet, be it can How
still. be and rest, scabbard, thy into thyself up put quiet? be thou ere be it will long how , Lord the of sword thou O
thyself? cut thou wilt long how valley: their of remnant the with off cut is Ashkelon Gaza; upon come is Baldness
Caphtor. of country the of remnant the Philistines, the spoil will Lord the for remaineth: that helper every Zidon and Tyrus from off cut to and Philistines, the all spoil to cometh that day the of Because
hands; of feebleness for children their to back look not shall fathers the wheels, his of rumbling the at and chariots, his of rushing the at horses, strong his of hoofs the of stamping the of noise the At
howl. shall land the of inhabitants the all and cry, shall men the then therein: dwell that them and city, the therein; is that all and land, the overflow shall and flood, overflowing an be shall and north, the of out up rise waters Behold, ; Lord the saith Thus
Gaza. smote Pharaoh that before Philistines, the against prophet the Jeremiah to came that Lord the of word The
unpunished. wholly thee leave not I will yet measure; in thee correct but thee, of end full a make not will I but thee: driven have I whither nations the all of end full a make will I for thee; with am I for : Lord the saith servant, my Jacob O not, thou Fear
afraid. him make shall none and ease, at and rest in be and return, shall Jacob and captivity; their of land the from seed thy and off, afar from thee save will I behold, for, Israel: O dismayed, not be and Jacob, servant my O thou, not fear But
. Lord the saith old, of days the in as inhabited, be shall it afterward and servants: his of hand the into and Babylon, of king Nebuchadrezzar of hand the into and lives, their seek that those of hand the into them deliver will I And
him: in trust that them all and Pharaoh, even kings; their and gods, their with Egypt, and Pharaoh, and No, of multitude the punish will I Behold, saith; Israel, of God the hosts, of Lord The
north. the of people the of hand the into delivered be shall she confounded; be shall Egypt of daughter The
innumerable. are and grasshoppers, the than more are they because searched; be cannot it though , Lord the saith forest, her down cut shall They
wood. of hewers as axes, with her against come and army, an with march shall they for serpent; a like go shall thereof voice The
visitation. their of time the and them, upon come was calamity their of day the because stand, not did they together: away fled are and back, turned are also they for bullocks; fatted like her of midst the in are men hired her Also
north. the of out cometh it cometh; destruction but heifer, fair very a like is Egypt
inhabitant. an without desolate and waste be shall Noph for captivity: into go to thyself furnish Egypt, in dwelling daughter thou O
come. he shall so sea, the by Carmel as and mountains, the among is Tabor as Surely hosts, of Lord the is name whose King, the saith live, I As
appointed. time the passed hath he noise; a but is Egypt of king Pharaoh there, cry did They
sword. oppressing the from nativity, our of land the to and people, own our to again go us let and Arise, said, they and another: upon fell one yea, fall, to many made He
them. drive did Lord the because not, stood they away? swept men valiant thy are Why
thee. about round devour shall sword the for thee; prepare and fast, Stand ye, say Tahpanhes: in and Noph in publish and Migdol, in publish and Egypt, in ye Declare
Egypt. of land the smite and come should Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar how prophet, the Jeremiah to spake Lord the that word The
together. both fallen are they and mighty, the against stumbled hath man mighty the for land: the filled hath cry thy and shame, thy of heard have nations The
cured. be not shalt thou for medicines; many use thou shalt vain in Egypt: of daughter the virgin, O balm, take and Gilead, into up Go
Euphrates. river the by country north the in sacrifice a hath hosts of God Lord the for blood: their with drunk made and satiate be shall it and devour, shall sword the and adversaries: his of him avenge may he that vengeance, of day a hosts, of God Lord the of day the is this For
bow. the bend and handle that Lydians, the and shield; the handle that Libyans, the and Ethiopians the forth; come men mighty the let and chariots; ye rage, and horses; ye up, Come
thereof. inhabitants the and city the destroy will I earth; the cover will and up, go will I saith, he and rivers; the like moved are waters his and flood, a like up riseth Egypt
rivers? the as moved are waters whose flood, a as up cometh that this is Who
Euphrates. river the by north the toward fall and stumble, shall they escape; man mighty the nor away, flee swift the not Let
. Lord the saith about, round was fear for back: not look and apace, fled are and down, beaten are ones mighty their and back? away turned and dismayed them seen I have Wherefore
brigandines. the on put and spears, the furbish helmets; your with forth stand and horsemen, ye up, get and horses; the Harness
battle. to near draw and shield, and buckler the ye Order
Judah. of king Josiah of son the Jehoiakim of year fourth the in smote Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar which Carchemish, in Euphrates river the by was which Egypt, of king Pharaohnecho of army the against Egypt, Against
Gentiles; the against prophet the Jeremiah to came which Lord the of word The
goest. thou whither places all in prey a for thee unto give I will life thy but : Lord the saith flesh, all upon evil bring will I behold, for, not: them seek thyself? for things great thou seekest And
land. whole this even up, pluck will I planted have I which that and down, break I will built have I which that Behold, thus; saith Lord The him, unto say thou shalt Thus
rest. no find I and sighing, my in fainted I sorrow; my to grief added hath Lord the for now! me is Woe say, didst Thou
Baruch: O thee, unto Israel, of God the , Lord the saith Thus
saying, Judah, of king Josiah of son the Jehoiakim of year fourth the in Jeremiah, of mouth the at book a in words these written had he when Neriah, of son the Baruch unto spake prophet the Jeremiah that word The
life. his sought that and enemy, his Babylon, of king Nebuchadrezzar of hand the into Judah of king Zedekiah gave I as life; his seek that them of hand the into and enemies, his of hand the into Egypt of king Pharaohhophra give will I Behold, ; Lord the saith Thus
evil: for you against stand surely shall words my that know may ye that place, this in you punish will I that , Lord the saith you, unto sign a be shall this And
their's. or mine, stand, shall words whose know shall there, sojourn to Egypt of land the into gone are that Judah, of remnant the all and Judah, of land the into Egypt of land the of out return shall sword the escape that number small a Yet
them. of end an be there until famine, the by and sword the by consumed be shall Egypt of land the in are that Judah of men the all and good: for not and evil, for them over watch will I Behold,
liveth. God Lord The saying, Egypt, of land the all in Judah of man any of mouth the in named be more no shall name my that , Lord the saith name, great my by sworn have I Behold, Egypt; of land the in dwell that Judah all , Lord the of word the ye hear Therefore
vows. your perform surely and vows, your accomplish surely will ye her: unto offerings drink out pour to and heaven, of queen the to incense burn to vowed, have we that vows our perform surely will We saying, hand, your with fulfilled and mouths, your with spoken both have wives your and Ye saying; Israel, of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
Egypt: of land the in are that Judah all , Lord the of word the Hear women, the all to and people, the all unto said Jeremiah Moreover
day. this at as you, unto happened is evil this therefore testimonies; his in nor statutes, his in nor law, his in walked nor , Lord the of voice the obeyed not have and , Lord the against sinned have ye because and incense, burned have ye Because
day. this at as inhabitant, an without curse, a and astonishment, an and desolation, a land your is therefore committed; have ye which abominations the of because and doings, your of evil the of because bear, longer no could Lord the that So
mind? his into not it came and them, remember Lord the not did land, the of people the and princes, your and kings, your fathers, your and ye, Jerusalem, of streets the in and Judah, of cities the in burned ye that incense The
saying, answer, that him given had which people the all to and women, the to and men, the to people, the all unto said Jeremiah Then
men? our without her, unto offerings drink out pour and her, worship to cakes her make we did her, unto offerings drink out poured and heaven, of queen the to incense burned we when And
famine. the by and sword the by consumed been have and things, all wanted have we her, unto offerings drink out pour to and heaven, of queen the to incense burn to off left we since But
evil. no saw and well, were and victuals, of plenty we had then for Jerusalem: of streets the in and Judah, of cities the in princes, our and kings, our fathers, our and we, done, have we as her, unto offerings drink out pour to and heaven, of queen the unto incense burn to mouth, own our of out forth goeth thing whatsoever do certainly will we But
thee. unto hearken not will we , Lord the of name the in us unto spoken hast thou that word the for As
saying, Jeremiah, answered Pathros, in Egypt, of land the in dwelt that people the all even multitude, great a by, stood that women the all and gods, other unto incense burned had wives their that knew which men the all Then
escape. shall as such but return shall none for there: dwell to return to desire a have they which the to Judah, of land the into return should they that remain, or escape shall there, sojourn to Egypt of land the into gone are which Judah, of remnant the of none that So
pestilence: the by and famine, the by sword, the by Jerusalem, punished have I as Egypt, of land the in dwell that them punish will I For
reproach. a and curse, a and astonishment, an and execration, an be shall they and famine: the by and sword the by greatest, the unto even least the from die, shall they famine: the by and sword the by consumed be even shall they Egypt; of land the in fall and consumed, be all shall they and there, sojourn to Egypt of land the into go to faces their set have that Judah, of remnant the take will I And
Judah. all off cut to and evil, for you against face my set will I Behold, Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith thus Therefore
fathers. your before and you before set I that statutes, my in nor law, my in walked nor feared, they have neither day, this unto even humbled not are They
Jerusalem? of streets the in and Judah, of land the in committed have they which wives, your of wickedness the and wickedness, own your and wives, their of wickedness the and Judah, of kings the of wickedness the and fathers, your of wickedness the forgotten ye Have
earth? the of nations the all among reproach a and curse a be might ye that and off, yourselves cut might ye that dwell, to gone be ye whither Egypt, of land the in gods other unto incense burning hands, your of works the with wrath unto me provoke ye that In
remain; to none you leave to Judah, of out suckling, and child woman, and man you from off cut to souls, your against evil great this ye commit Wherefore Israel; of God the hosts, of God the , Lord the saith thus now Therefore
day. this at as desolate, and wasted are they and Jerusalem; of streets the in and Judah of cities the in kindled was and forth, poured was anger mine and fury my Wherefore
gods. other unto incense no burn to wickedness, their from turn to ear their inclined nor not, hearkened they But
hate. I that thing abominable this not do Oh, saying, them, sending and early rising prophets, the servants my all you unto sent I Howbeit
fathers. your nor ye, they, neither not, knew they whom gods, other serve to and incense, burn to went they that in anger, to me provoke to committed have they which wickedness their of Because
therein, dwelleth man no and desolation, a are they day this behold, and, Judah; of cities the all upon and Jerusalem, upon brought have I that evil the all seen have Ye Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
saying, Pathros, of country the in and Noph, at and Tahpanhes, at and Migdol, at dwell which Egypt, of land the in dwell which Jews the all concerning Jeremiah to came that word The
fire. with burn he shall Egyptians the of gods the of houses the and Egypt; of land the in is that Bethshemesh, of images the also break shall He
peace. in thence from forth go shall he and garment; his on putteth shepherd a as Egypt, of land the with himself array shall he and captives: away them carry and them, burn shall he and Egypt; of gods the of houses the in fire a kindle will I And
sword. the to sword the for are as such and captivity; to captivity for are as such and death; to death for are as such deliver and Egypt, of land the smite shall he cometh, he when And
them. over pavilion royal his spread shall he and hid; have I that stones these upon throne his set will and servant, my Babylon, of king the Nebuchadrezzar take and send will I Behold, Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus them, unto say And
Judah; of men the of sight the in Tahpanhes, in house Pharaoh's of entry the at is which brickkiln, the in clay the in them hide and hand, thine in stones great Take
saying, Tahpanhes, in Jeremiah unto Lord the of word the came Then
Tahpanhes. to even they came thus : Lord the of voice the not obeyed they for Egypt: of land the into came they So
Neriah. of son the Baruch and prophet, the Jeremiah and Shaphan, of son the Ahikam of son the Gedaliah with left had guard the of captain the Nebuzaradan that person every and daughters, king's the and children, and women, and men, Even
Judah; of land the in dwell to driven, been had they whither nations, all from returned were that Judah, of remnant the all took forces, the of captains the all and Kareah, of son the Johanan But
Judah. of land the in dwell to , Lord the of voice the not obeyed people, the all and forces, the of captains the all and Kareah, of son the Johanan So
Babylon. into captives away us carry and death, to us put might they that Chaldeans, the of hand the into us deliver to for us, against on thee setteth Neriah of son the Baruch But
there: sojourn to Egypt into not Go say, to thee sent not hath God our Lord the falsely: speakest Thou Jeremiah, unto saying men, proud the all and Kareah, of son the Johanan and Hoshaiah, of son the Azariah spake Then
words, these all even them, to him sent had God their Lord the which for God, their Lord the of words the all people the all unto speaking of end an made had Jeremiah when that pass, to came it And
sojourn. to and go to desire ye whither place the in pestilence, the by and famine, the by sword, the by die shall ye that certainly know therefore Now
you. unto me sent hath he which the for thing any nor God, your Lord the of voice the obeyed not have ye but you; to it declared day this have I now And
it. do will we and us, unto declare so say, shall God our Lord the that all unto according and God; our Lord the unto us for Pray saying, God, your Lord the unto me sent ye when hearts, your in dissembled ye For
day. this you admonished have I that certainly know Egypt: into not ye Go Judah; of remnant ye O you, concerning said hath Lord The
more. no place this see shall ye and reproach; a and curse, a and astonishment, an and execration, an be shall ye and Egypt: into enter shall ye when you, upon forth poured be fury my shall so Jerusalem; of inhabitants the upon forth poured been hath fury my and anger mine As Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith thus For
them. upon bring will I that evil the from escape or remain shall them of none and pestilence: the by and famine, the by sword, the by die shall they there; sojourn to Egypt into go to faces their set that men the all with be it shall So
die. shall ye there and Egypt; in there you after close follow shall afraid, were ye whereof famine, the and Egypt, of land the in there you overtake shall feared, ye which sword, the that pass, to come shall it Then
there; sojourn to go and Egypt, into enter to faces your set wholly ye If Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus Judah; of remnant ye , Lord the of word the hear therefore now And
dwell: we will there and bread; of hunger have nor trumpet, the of sound the hear nor war, no see shall we where Egypt, of land the into go will we but No; Saying,
God, your Lord the of voice the obey neither land, this in dwell not will We say, ye if But
land. own your to return to you cause and you, upon mercy have may he that you, unto mercies shew will I And
hand. his from you deliver to and you, save to you with am I for : Lord the saith him, of afraid not be afraid; are ye whom of Babylon, of king the of afraid not Be
you. unto done have I that evil the of me repent I for up: you pluck not and you, plant will I and down, you pull not and you, build I will then land, this in abide still will ye If
him; before supplication your present to me sent ye whom unto Israel, of God the , Lord the saith Thus them, unto said And
greatest, the to even least the from people the all and him, with were which forces the of captains the all and Kareah, of son the Johanan he called Then
Jeremiah. unto came Lord the of word the that days, ten after pass to came it And
God. our Lord the of voice the obey we when us, with well be may it that thee; send we whom to God, our Lord the of voice the obey will we evil, be it whether or good, be it Whether
us. to thee send shall God thy Lord the which the for things all to according even not do we if us, between witness faithful and true a be Lord The Jeremiah, to said they Then
you. from back nothing keep will I you; unto it declare will I you, answer shall Lord the thing whatsoever that pass, to come shall it and words; your to according God your Lord the unto pray will I behold, you; heard have I them, unto said prophet the Jeremiah Then
do. may we that thing the and walk, may we wherein way the us shew may God thy Lord the That
us:) behold do eyes thine as many, of few a but left are we (for remnant; this all for even God, thy Lord the unto us for pray and thee, before accepted be supplication our thee, beseech we Let, prophet, the Jeremiah unto said And
near, came greatest, the unto even least the from people the all and Hoshaiah, of son the Jezaniah and Kareah, of son the Johanan and forces, the of captains the all Then
land. the in governor made Babylon of king the whom Ahikam, of son the Gedaliah slain had Nethaniah of son the Ishmael because them, of afraid were they for Chaldeans: the of Because
Egypt, into enter to go to Bethlehem, by is which Chimham, of habitation the in dwelt and departed, they And
Gibeon: from again brought had he whom eunuchs, the and children, the and women, the and war, of men mighty even Ahikam, of son the Gedaliah slain had he that after Mizpah, from Nethaniah, of son the Ishmael from recovered had he whom people the of remnant the all him, with were that forces the of captains the all and Kareah, of son the Johanan took Then
Ammonites. the to went and men, eight with Johanan from escaped Nethaniah of son the Ishmael But
Kareah. of son the Johanan unto went and returned, and about cast Mizpah from captive away carried had Ishmael that people the all So
glad. were they then him, with were that forces the of captains the all and Kareah, of son the Johanan saw Ishmael with were which people the all when that pass, to came it Now
Gibeon. in are that waters great the by him found and Nethaniah, of son the Ishmael with fight to went and men, the all took they Then
done, had Nethaniah of son the Ishmael that evil the all of heard him, with were that forces the of captains the all and Kareah, of son the Johanan when But
Ammonites. the to over go to departed and captive, away them carried Nethaniah of son the Ishmael and Ahikam: of son the Gedaliah to committed had guard the of captain the Nebuzaradan whom Mizpah, in remained that people the all and daughters, king's the even Mizpah, in were that people the of residue the all captive away carried Ishmael Then
slain. were that them with it filled Nethaniah of son the Ishmael and Israel: of king Baasha of fear for made had king the Asa which it was Gedaliah, of because slain had he whom men, the of bodies dead the all cast had Ishmael wherein pit the Now
brethren. their among not them slew and forbare, he So honey. of and oil, of and barley, of and wheat, of field, the in treasures have we for not: us Slay Ishmael, unto said that them among found were men ten But
him. with were that men the and he, pit, the of midst the into them cast and them, slew Nethaniah of son the Ishmael that city, the of midst the into came they when so, was it And
Ahikam. of son the Gedaliah to Come them, unto said he them, met he as pass, to came it and went: he as along all weeping them, meet to Mizpah from forth went Nethaniah of son the Ishmael And
. Lord the of house the to them bring to hand, their in incense and offerings with themselves, cut having and rent, clothes their and shaven, beards their having men, fourscore even Samaria, from and Shiloh, from Shechem, from certain came there That
it, knew man no and Gedaliah, slain had he after day second the pass to came it And
war. of men the and there, found were that Chaldeans the and Mizpah, at Gedaliah, with even him, with were that Jews the all slew also Ishmael
land. the over governor made had Babylon of king the whom him, slew and sword, the with Shaphan of son the Ahikam of son the Gedaliah smote and him, with were that men ten the and Nethaniah, of son the Ishmael arose Then
Mizpah. in together bread eat did they there and Mizpah; to Ahikam of son the Gedaliah unto came him, with men ten even king, the of princes the and royal, seed the of Elishama, of son the Nethaniah of son the Ishmael that month, seventh the in pass to came it Now
Ishmael. of falsely speakest thou for thing: this do not shalt Thou Kareah, of son the Johanan unto said Ahikam of son the Gedaliah But
perish? Judah in remnant the and scattered, be should thee unto gathered are which Jews the all that thee, slay he should wherefore it: know shall man no and Nethaniah, of son the Ishmael slay will I and thee, pray I go, me Let saying, secretly Mizpah in Gedaliah to spake Kareah of son the Johanan Then
not. them believed Ahikam of son the Gedaliah But thee? slay to Nethaniah of son the Ishmael sent hath Ammonites the of king the Baalis that know certainly thou Dost him, unto said And
Mizpah, to Gedaliah to came fields, the in were that forces the of captains the all and Kareah, of son the Johanan Moreover
much. very fruits summer and wine gathered and Mizpah, unto Gedaliah, to Judah, of land the to came and driven, were they whither places all of out returned Jews the all Even
Shaphan; of son the Ahikam of son the Gedaliah them over set had he that and Judah, of remnant a left had Babylon of king the that heard countries, the all in were that and Edom, in and Ammonites, the among and Moab, in were that Jews the all when Likewise
taken. have ye that cities your in dwell and vessels, your in them put and oil, and fruits, summer and wine, ye gather ye, but us: unto come will which Chaldeans, the serve to Mizpah, at dwell will I behold, me, for As
you. with well be shall it and Babylon, of king the serve and land, the in dwell Chaldeans: the serve to not Fear saying, men, their to and them unto sware Shaphan of son the Ahikam of son the Gedaliah And
men. their and they Maachathite, a of son the Jezaniah and Netophathite, the Ephai of sons the and Tanhumeth, of son the Seraiah and Kareah, of sons the Jonathan and Johanan and Nethaniah, of son the Ishmael even Mizpah, to Gedaliah to came they Then
Babylon; to captive away carried not were that them of land, the of poor the of and children, and women, and men, him unto committed had and land, the in governor Ahikam of son the Gedaliah made had Babylon of king the that heard men, their and they even fields, the in were which forces the of captains the all when Now
land. the in left were that people the among him with dwelt and Mizpah; to Ahikam of son the Gedaliah unto Jeremiah went Then
go. him let and reward, a and victuals him gave guard the of captain the So go. to thee unto convenient seemeth it wheresoever go or people: the among him with dwell and Judah, of cities the over governor made hath Babylon of king the whom Shaphan, of son the Ahikam of son the Gedaliah to also back Go said, he back, gone yet not was he while Now
go. thither go, to thee for convenient and good seemeth it whither thee: before is land the all behold, forbear: Babylon, into me with come to thee unto ill seem it if but thee: unto well look will I and come; Babylon, into me with come to thee unto good seem it If hand. thine upon were which chains the from day this thee loose I behold, now, And
you. upon come is thing this therefore voice, his obeyed not have and , Lord the against sinned have ye because said: hath he as according done and it, brought hath Lord the Now
place. this upon evil this pronounced hath God thy Lord The him, unto said and Jeremiah, took guard the of captain the And
Babylon. unto captive away carried were which Judah, and Jerusalem of captive away carried were that all among chains in bound being him taken had he when Ramah, from go him let had guard the of captain the Nebuzaradan that after , Lord the from Jeremiah to came that word The
. Lord the saith me, in trust thy put hast thou because thee: unto prey a for be shall life thy but sword, the by fall not shalt thou and thee, deliver surely will I For
afraid. art thou whom of men the of hand the into given be not shalt thou and : Lord the saith day, that in thee deliver will I But
thee. before day that in accomplished be shall they and good; for not and evil, for city this upon words my bring will I Behold, Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus saying, Ethiopian, the Ebedmelech to speak and Go
saying, prison, the of court the in up shut was he while Jeremiah, unto came Lord the of word the Now
people. the among dwelt he so home: him carry should he that Shaphan, of son the Ahikam of son the Gedaliah unto him committed and prison, the of court the of out Jeremiah took and sent, they Even
princes; Babylon's of king the all and Rabmag, Nergalsharezer, and Rabsaris, Nebushasban, and sent, guard the of captain the Nebuzaradan So
thee. unto say shall he as even him unto do but harm; no him do and him, to well look and him, Take
saying, guard, the of captain the Nebuzaradan to Jeremiah concerning charge gave Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar Now
time. same the at fields and vineyards them gave and Judah, of land the in nothing, had which people, the of poor the of left guard the of captain the Nebuzaradan But
remained. that people the of rest the with him, to fell that away, fell that those and city, the in remained that people the of remnant the Babylon into captive away carried guard the of captain the Nebuzaradan Then
Jerusalem. of walls the down brake and fire, with people, the of houses the and house, king's the burned Chaldeans the And
Babylon. to him carry to chains, with him bound and eyes, Zedekiah's out put he Moreover
Judah. of nobles the all slew Babylon of king the also eyes: his before Riblah in Zedekiah of sons the slew Babylon of king the Then
him. upon judgment gave he where Hamath, of land the in Riblah to Babylon of king Nebuchadnezzar to up him brought they him, taken had they when and Jericho: of plains the in Zedekiah overtook and them, after pursued army Chaldeans' the But
plain. the of way the out went he and walls: two the betwixt gate the by garden, king's the of way the by night, by city the of out forth went and fled, they then war, of men the all and them, saw Judah of king the Zedekiah when that pass, to came it And
Babylon. of king the of princes the of residue the all with Rabmag, Nergalsharezer, Rabsaris, Sarsechim, Samgarnebo, Nergalsharezer, even gate, middle the in sat and in, came Babylon of king the of princes the all And
up. broken was city the month, the of day ninth the month, fourth the in Zedekiah, of year eleventh the in And
it. besieged they and Jerusalem, against army his all and Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar came month, tenth the in Judah, of king Zedekiah of year ninth the In
taken. was Jerusalem when there was he and taken: was Jerusalem that day the until prison the of court the in abode Jeremiah So
perceived. not was matter the for him; with speaking off left they So commanded. had king the that words these all to according them told he and him: asked and Jeremiah, unto princes the all came Then
there. die to house, Jonathan's to return to me cause not would he that king, the before supplication my presented I them, unto say shalt thou Then
thee: unto said king the what also death; to thee put not will we and us, from not it hide king, the unto said hast thou what now us unto Declare thee, unto say and thee, unto come they and thee, with talked have I that hear princes the if But
die. not shalt thou and words, these of know man no Let Jeremiah, unto Zedekiah said Then
fire. with burned be to city this cause shalt thou and Babylon: of king the of hand the by taken be shalt but hand, their of out escape not shalt thou and Chaldeans: the to children thy and wives thy all out bring shall they So
back. away turned are they and mire, the in sunk are feet thy thee: against prevailed have and on, thee set have friends Thy say, shall women those and princes, Babylon's of king the to forth brought be shall house Judah's of king the in left are that women the all behold, And,
me: shewed hath Lord the that word the is this forth, go to refuse thou if But
live. shall soul thy and thee, unto well be shall it so thee: unto speak I which , Lord the of voice the thee, beseech I Obey, thee. deliver not shall They said, Jeremiah But
me. mock they and hand, their into me deliver they lest Chaldeans, the to fallen are that Jews the of afraid am I Jeremiah, unto said king the Zedekiah And
hand. their of out escape not shalt thou and fire, with it burn shall they and Chaldeans, the of hand the into given be city this shall then princes, Babylon's of king the to forth go not wilt thou if But
house: thine and live, shalt thou and fire; with burned be not shall city this and live, shall soul thy then princes, Babylon's of king the unto forth go assuredly wilt thou If Israel; of God the hosts, of God the , Lord the saith Thus Zedekiah, unto Jeremiah said Then
life. thy seek that men these of hand the into thee give I will neither death, to thee put not will I soul, this us made that liveth, Lord the As saying, Jeremiah, unto secretly sware king the Zedekiah So
me? unto hearken not thou wilt counsel, thee give I if and death? to me put surely not thou wilt thee, unto it declare I If Zedekiah, unto said Jeremiah Then
me. from nothing hide thing; a thee ask will I Jeremiah, unto said king the and : Lord the of house the in is that entry third the into him unto prophet the Jeremiah took and sent, king the Zedekiah Then
prison. the of court the in remained Jeremiah and dungeon: the of out up him took and cords, with Jeremiah up drew they So
so. did Jeremiah And cords. the under armholes thine under rags rotten and clouts cast old these now Put Jeremiah, unto said Ethiopian the Ebedmelech And
Jeremiah. to dungeon the into cords by down them let and rags, rotten old and clouts cast old thence took and treasury, the under king the of house the into went and him, with men the took Ebedmelech So
die. he before dungeon, the of out prophet the Jeremiah up take and thee, with men thirty hence from Take saying, Ethiopian, the Ebedmelech commanded king the Then
city. the in bread more no is there for is: he where place the in hunger for die to like is he and dungeon; the into cast have they whom prophet, the Jeremiah to done have they that all in evil done have men these king, the lord My
saying, king the to spake and house, king's the of out forth went Ebedmelech
Benjamin; of gate the in sitting then king the dungeon; the in Jeremiah put had they that heard house, king's the in was which eunuchs the of one Ethiopian, the Ebedmelech when Now
mire. the in sunk Jeremiah so mire: but water, no was there dungeon the in And cords. with Jeremiah down let they and prison: the of court the in was that Hammelech, of son the Malchiah of dungeon the into him cast and Jeremiah, they took Then
you. against thing any do can that he not is king the for hand: your in is he Behold, said, king the Zedekiah Then
hurt. the but people, this of welfare the not seeketh man this for them: unto words such speaking in people, the all of hands the and city, this in remain that war of men the of hands the weakeneth he thus for death: to put be man this let thee, beseech We king, the unto said princes the Therefore
it. take shall which army, Babylon's of king the of hand the into given be surely shall city This , Lord the saith Thus
live. shall and prey, a for life his have shall he for live; shall Chaldeans the to forth goeth that he but pestilence: the by and famine, the by sword, the by die shall city this in remaineth that He , Lord the saith Thus
saying, people, the all unto spoken had Jeremiah that words the heard Malchiah, of son the Pashur and Shelemiah, of son the Jucal and Pashur, of son the Gedaliah and Mattan, of son the Shephatiah Then
prison. the of court the in remained Jeremiah Thus spent. were city the in bread the all until street, bakers' the of out bread of piece a daily him give should they that and prison, the of court the into Jeremiah commit should they that commanded king the Zedekiah Then
there. die I lest scribe, the Jonathan of house the to return to not me cause thou that thee; before accepted be thee, pray I supplication, my let king: the lord my O thee, pray I now, hear Therefore
land? this against nor you, against come not shall Babylon of king The saying, you, unto prophesied which prophets your now are Where
prison? in me put have ye that people, this against or servants, thy against or thee, against offended I have What Zedekiah, king unto said Jeremiah Moreover
Babylon. of king the of hand the into delivered be shalt thou he, said for, is: There said, Jeremiah And ? Lord the from word any there Is said, and house, his in secretly him asked king the and out: him took and sent, king the Zedekiah Then
days; many there remained had Jeremiah and cabins, the into and dungeon, the into entered was Jeremiah When
prison. the that made had they for scribe: the Jonathan of house the in prison in him put and him, smote and Jeremiah, with wroth were princes the Wherefore
princes. the to him brought and Jeremiah, took Irijah so him: to not hearkened he But Chaldeans. the to away not fall I false; is It Jeremiah, said Then
Chaldeans. the to away fallest Thou saying, prophet, the Jeremiah took he and Hananiah; of son the Shelemiah, of son the Irijah, was name whose there, was ward the of captain a Benjamin, of gate the in was he when And
people. the of midst the in thence himself separate to Benjamin, of land the into go to Jerusalem of out forth went Jeremiah Then
army, Pharaoh's of fear for Jerusalem from up broken was Chaldeans the of army the when that pass, to came it And
fire. with city this burn and tent, his in man every up rise they should yet them, among men wounded but remained there and you, against fight that Chaldeans the of army whole the smitten had ye though For
depart. not shall they for us: from depart surely shall Chaldeans The saying, yourselves, not Deceive ; Lord the saith Thus
fire. with it burn and it, take and city, this against fight and again, come shall Chaldeans the And
land. own their into Egypt to return shall you, help to forth come is which army, Pharaoh's Behold, me; of enquire to me unto you sent that Judah, of king the to say ye shall Thus Israel; of God the , Lord the saith Thus
saying, Jeremiah prophet the unto Lord the of word the came Then
Jerusalem. from departed they them, of tidings heard Jerusalem besieged that Chaldeans the when and Egypt: of out forth come was army Pharaoh's Then
prison. into him put not had they for people: the among out went and in came Jeremiah Now
us. for God our Lord the unto now Pray saying, Jeremiah, prophet the to priest the Maaseiah of son the Zephaniah and Shelemiah of son the Jehucal sent king the Zedekiah And
Jeremiah. prophet the by spake he which , Lord the of words the unto hearken did land, the of people the nor servants, his nor he, neither But
Judah. of land the in king made Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar whom Jehoiakim, of son the Coniah of instead reigned Josiah of son the Zedekiah king And
words. like many them unto besides added were there and fire: the in burned had Judah of king Jehoiakim which book the of words the all Jeremiah of mouth the from therein wrote who Neriah; of son the scribe, the Baruch to it gave and roll, another Jeremiah took Then
not. hearkened they but them; against pronounced have I that evil the all Judah, of men the upon and Jerusalem, of inhabitants the upon and them, upon bring will I and iniquity; their for servants his and seed his and him punish will I And
frost. the to night the in and heat, the to day the in out cast be shall body dead his and David: of throne the upon sit to none have shall He Judah; of king Jehoiakim of Lord the saith thus Therefore
beast? and man thence from cease to cause shall and land, this destroy and come certainly shall Babylon of king The saying, therein, written thou hast Why saying, roll, this burned hast Thou ; Lord the saith Thus Judah, of king Jehoiakim to say shalt thou And
burned. hath Judah of king the Jehoiakim which roll, first the in were that words former the all it in write and roll, another again thee Take
saying, Jeremiah, of mouth the at wrote Baruch which words the and roll, the burned had king the that after Jeremiah, to came Lord the of word the Then
them. hid Lord the but prophet: the Jeremiah and scribe the Baruch take to Abdeel, of son the Shelemiah and Azriel, of son the Seraiah and Hammelech, of son the Jerahmeel commanded king the But
them. hear not would he but roll: the burn not would he that king the to intercession made had Gemariah and Delaiah and Elnathan Nevertheless
words. these all heard that servants his of any nor king, the neither garments, their rent nor afraid, not were they Yet
hearth. the on was that fire the in consumed was roll the all until hearth, the on was that fire the into it cast and penknife, the with it cut he leaves, four or three read had Jehudi when that pass, to came it And
him. before burning hearth the on fire a was there and month: ninth the in winterhouse the in sat king the Now
king. the beside stood which princes the all of ears the in and king, the of ears the in it read Jehudi And chamber. scribe's the Elishama of out it took he and roll: the fetch to Jehudi sent king the So
king. the of ears the in words the all told and scribe, the Elishama of chamber the in roll the up laid they but court, the into king the to in went they And
be. ye where know man no let and Jeremiah; and thou thee, hide Go, Baruch, unto princes the said Then
book. the in ink with them wrote I and mouth, his with me unto words these all pronounced He them, answered Baruch Then
mouth? his at words these all write thou didst How now, us Tell saying, Baruch, asked they And
words. these all of king the tell surely will We Baruch, unto said and other, and one both afraid were they words, the all heard had they when pass, to came it Now
ears. their in it read Baruch So ears. our in it read and now, down Sit him, unto said they And
them. unto came and hand, his in roll the took Neriah of son the Baruch So come. and people, the of ears the in read hast thou wherein roll the hand thine in Take saying, Baruch, unto Cushi, of son the Shelemiah, of son the Nethaniah, of son the Jehudi sent princes the all Therefore
people. the of ears the in book the read Baruch when heard, had he that words the all them unto declared Michaiah Then
princes. the all and Hananiah, of son the Zedekiah and Shaphan, of son the Gemariah and Achbor, of son the Elnathan and Shemaiah, of son the Delaiah and scribe, the Elishama even there, sat princes the all lo, and, chamber: scribe's the into house, king's the into down went he Then
, Lord the of words the all book the of out heard had Shaphan, of son the Gemariah, of son the Michaiah When
people. the all of ears the in house, 's Lord the of gate new the of entry the at court, higher the in scribe, the Shaphan of son the Gemariah of chamber the in , Lord the of house the in Jeremiah of words the book the in Baruch read Then
Jerusalem. unto Judah of cities the from came that people the all to and Jerusalem, in people the all to Lord the before fast a proclaimed they that month, ninth the in Judah, of king Josiah of son the Jehoiakim of year fifth the in pass to came it And
house. 's Lord the in Lord the of words the book the in reading him, commanded prophet the Jeremiah that all to according did Neriah of son the Baruch And
people. this against pronounced hath Lord the that fury the and anger the is great for way: evil his from one every return will and , Lord the before supplication their present will they be may It
cities. their of out come that Judah all of ears the in them read shalt thou also and day: fasting the upon house 's Lord the in people the of ears the in Lord the of words the mouth, my from written hast thou which roll, the in read and thou, go Therefore
: Lord the of house the into go cannot I up; shut am I saying, Baruch, commanded Jeremiah And
book. a of roll a upon him, unto spoken had he which , Lord the of words the all Jeremiah of mouth the from wrote Baruch and Neriah: of son the Baruch called Jeremiah Then
sin. their and iniquity their forgive may I that way; evil his from man every return may they that them; unto do to purpose I which evil the all hear will Judah of house the that be may It
day. this unto even Josiah, of days the from thee, unto spake I day the from nations, the all against and Judah, against and Israel, against thee unto spoken have I that words the all therein write and book, a of roll a thee Take
saying, , Lord the from Jeremiah unto came word this that Judah, of king Josiah of son the Jehoiakim of year fourth the in pass to came it And
ever. for me before stand to man a want not shall Rechab of son the Jonadab Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith thus Therefore
you: commanded hath he that all unto according done and precepts, his all kept and father, your Jonadab of commandment the obeyed have ye Because Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus Rechabites, the of house the unto said Jeremiah And
answered. not have they but them, unto called have I and heard; not have they but them, unto spoken have I because them: against pronounced have I that evil the all Jerusalem of inhabitants the all upon and Judah upon bring will I Behold, Israel; of God the hosts, of God Lord the saith thus Therefore
me: unto hearkened not hath people this but them; commanded he which father, their of commandment the performed have Rechab of son the Jonadab of sons the Because
me. unto hearkened nor ear, your inclined not have ye but fathers: your to and you to given have I which land the in dwell shall ye and them, serve to gods other after not go and doings, your amend and way, evil his from man every now ye Return saying, them, sending and early up rising prophets, the servants my all you unto also sent have I
me. unto not hearkened ye but speaking; and early rising you, unto spoken have I notwithstanding commandment: father's their obey but none, drink they day this unto for performed; are wine, drink to not sons his commanded he that Rechab, of son the Jonadab of words The
. Lord the saith words? my to hearken to instruction receive not ye Will Jerusalem, of inhabitants the and Judah of men the tell and Go Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
saying, Jeremiah, unto Lord the of word the came Then
Jerusalem. at dwell we so Syrians: the of army the of fear for and Chaldeans, the of army the of fear for Jerusalem to go us let and Come, said, we that land, the into up came Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar when pass, to came it But
us. commanded father our Jonadab that all to according done and obeyed, have and tents, in dwelt have we But
seed: nor field, nor vineyard, we have neither in: dwell to us for houses build to Nor
daughters; our nor sons, our wives, our we, days, our all wine no drink to us, charged hath he that all in father our Rechab of son the Jonadab of voice the obeyed we have Thus
strangers. be ye where land the in days many live may ye that tents; in dwell shall ye days your all but any: have nor vineyard, plant nor seed, sow nor house, build ye shall Neither
ever: for sons your nor ye, neither wine, no drink shall Ye saying, us, commanded father our Rechab of son the Jonadab for wine: no drink will We said, they But
wine. ye Drink them, unto said I and cups, and wine, of full pots Rechabites the of house the of sons the before set I And
door: the of keeper the Shallum, of son the Maaseiah of chamber the above was which princes, the of chamber the by was which God, of man a Igdaliah, of son the Hanan, of sons the of chamber the into , Lord the of house the into them brought I And
Rechabites; the of house whole the and sons, his all and brethren, his and Habaziniah, of son the Jeremiah, of son the Jaazaniah took I Then
drink. to wine them give and chambers, the of one into , Lord the of house the into them bring and them, unto speak and Rechabites, the of house the unto Go
saying, Judah, of king Josiah of son the Jehoiakim of days the in Lord the from Jeremiah unto came which word The
inhabitant. an without desolation a Judah of cities the make will I and fire: with it burn and it, take and it, against fight shall they and city; this to return to them cause and , Lord the saith command, will I Behold,
you. from up gone are which army, Babylon's of king the of hand the into and life, their seek that them of hand the into and enemies, their of hand the into give I will princes his and Judah of king Zedekiah And
earth. the of beasts the to and heaven, the of fowls the unto meat for be shall bodies dead their and life: their seek that them of hand the into and enemies, their of hand the into them give even will I
calf; the of parts the between passed which land, the of people the all and priests, the and eunuchs, the Jerusalem, of princes the and Judah, of princes The
thereof, parts the between passed and twain, in calf the cut they when me, before made had they which covenant the of words the performed not have which covenant, my transgressed have that men the give will I And
earth. the of kingdoms the all into removed be to you make will I and famine; the to and pestilence, the to sword, the to , Lord the saith you, for liberty a proclaim I behold, neighbour: his to man every and brother, his to one every liberty, proclaiming in me, unto hearkened not have Ye ; Lord the saith thus Therefore
handmaids. for and servants for you unto be to subjection, into them brought and return, to pleasure, their at liberty at set had he whom handmaid, his man every and servant, his man every caused and name, my polluted and turned ye But
name: my by called is which house the in me before covenant a made had ye and neighbour; his to man every liberty proclaiming in sight, my in right done had and turned, now were ye And
ear. their inclined neither me, unto not hearkened fathers your but thee: from free go him let shalt thou years, six thee served hath he when and thee; unto sold been hath which Hebrew, an brother his man every go ye let years seven of end the At
saying, bondmen, of house the of out Egypt, of land the of out forth them brought I that day the in fathers your with covenant a made I Israel; of God the , Lord the saith Thus
saying, , Lord the from Jeremiah to came Lord the of word the Therefore
handmaids. for and servants for subjection into them brought and return, to free, go let had they whom handmaids, the and servants the caused and turned, they afterward But
go. them let and obeyed, they then more, any them of themselves serve should none that free, go maidservant, his one every and manservant, his let should one every that heard covenant, the into entered had which people, the all and princes, the all when Now
brother. his Jew a of wit, to them, of himself serve should none that free; go Hebrewess, an or Hebrew an being maidservant, his man every and manservant, his let should man every That
them; unto liberty proclaim to Jerusalem, at were which people the all with covenant a made had Zedekiah king the that after , Lord the from Jeremiah unto came that word the is This
Judah. of cities the of remained cities defenced these for Azekah: against and Lachish, against left, were that Judah of cities the all against and Jerusalem, against fought army Babylon's of king the When
Jerusalem, in Judah of king Zedekiah unto words these all spake prophet the Jeremiah Then
. Lord the saith word, the pronounced have I for lord! Ah saying, thee, lament will they and thee; for odours burn they shall so thee, before were which kings former the fathers, thy of burnings the with and peace: in die shalt thou But
sword: the by die not shalt Thou thee, of Lord the saith Thus Judah; of king Zedekiah O , Lord the of word the hear Yet
Babylon. to go shalt thou and mouth, to mouth thee with speak shall he and Babylon, of king the of eyes the behold shall eyes thine and hand; his into delivered and taken, be surely shalt but hand, his of out escape not shalt thou And
fire: with it burn shall he and Babylon, of king the of hand the into city this give will I Behold, ; Lord the saith Thus him, tell and Judah, of king Zedekiah to speak and Go Israel; of God the , Lord the saith Thus
saying, thereof, cities the all against and Jerusalem, against fought people, the all and dominion, his of earth the of kingdoms the all and army, his all and Babylon, of king Nebuchadnezzar when , Lord the from Jeremiah unto came which word The
them. on mercy have and return, to captivity their cause will I for Jacob: and Isaac, Abraham, of seed the over rulers be to seed his of any take not will I that so servant, my David and Jacob of seed the away cast I will Then
earth; and heaven of ordinances the appointed not have I if and night, and day with not be covenant my If ; Lord the saith Thus
them. before nation a more no be should they that people, my despised have they thus off? them cast even hath he chosen, hath Lord the which families two The saying, spoken, have people this what not thou Considerest
saying, Jeremiah, to came Lord the of word the Moreover
me. unto minister that Levites the and servant, my David of seed the multiply I will so measured: sea the of sand the neither numbered, be cannot heaven of host the As
ministers. my priests, the Levites the with and throne; his upon reign to son a have not should he that servant, my David with broken be covenant my also may Then
season; their in night and day be not should there that and night, the of covenant my and day, the of covenant my break can ye If ; Lord the saith Thus
saying, Jeremiah, unto came Lord the of word the And
continually. sacrifice do to and offerings, meat kindle to and offerings, burnt offer to me before man a want Levites the priests the shall Neither
Israel; of house the of throne the upon sit to man a want never shall David ; Lord the saith thus For
righteousness. our Lord The called, be shall she wherewith name the is this and safely: dwell shall Jerusalem and saved, be Judah shall days those In
land. the in righteousness and judgment execute shall he and David; unto up grow to righteousness of Branch the cause I will time, that at and days, those In
Judah. of house the to and Israel of house the unto promised have I which thing good that perform will I that , Lord the saith come, days the Behold,
. Lord the saith them, telleth that him of hands the under again pass flocks the shall Judah, of cities the in and Jerusalem, about places the in and Benjamin, of land the in and south, the of cities the in and vale, the of cities the in mountains, the of cities the In
down. lie to flocks their causing shepherds of habitation an be shall thereof, cities the all in and beast, without and man without desolate is which place, this in Again hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the saith first, the at as land, the of captivity the return to cause will I For . Lord the of house the into praise of sacrifice the bring shall that them of and ever: for endureth mercy his for good; is Lord the for hosts: of Lord the Praise say, shall that them of voice the bride, the of voice the and bridegroom, the of voice the gladness, of voice the and joy, of voice The
beast, without and inhabitant, without and man, without desolate, are that Jerusalem, of streets the in and Judah, of cities the in even beast, without and man without desolate be shall say ye which place, this in heard be shall there Again ; Lord the saith Thus
it. unto procure I that prosperity the all for and goodness the all for tremble and fear shall they and them: unto do I that good the all hear shall which earth, the of nations the all before honour an and praise a joy, of name a me to be shall it And
me. against transgressed have they whereby and sinned, have they whereby iniquities, their all pardon will I and me; against sinned have they whereby iniquity, their all from them cleanse will I And
first. the at as them, build will and return, to Israel of captivity the and Judah of captivity the cause will I And
truth. and peace of abundance the them unto reveal will and them, cure will I and cure, and health it bring will I Behold,
city. this from face my hid have I wickedness whose all for and fury, my in and anger mine in slain have I whom men, of bodies dead the with them fill to is it but Chaldeans, the with fight to come They
sword; the by and mounts, the by down thrown are which Judah, of kings the of houses the concerning and city, this of houses the concerning Israel, of God the , Lord the saith thus For
not. knowest thou which things, mighty and great thee show and thee, answer will I and me, unto Call
name; his is Lord the it; establish to it, formed that Lord the thereof, maker the Lord the saith Thus
saying, prison, the of court the in up shut yet was he while time, second the Jeremiah unto came Lord the of word the Moreover
. Lord the saith return, to captivity their cause will I for south: the of cities the in and valley, the of cities the in and mountains, the of cities the in and Judah, of cities the in and Jerusalem, about places the in and Benjamin, of land the in witnesses take and them, seal and evidences, subscribe and money, for fields buy shall Men
Chaldeans. the of hand the into given is it beast; or man without desolate is It say, ye whereof land, this in bought be shall fields And
them. promised have I that good the all them upon bring I will so people, this upon evil great this all brought have I as Like ; Lord the saith thus For
soul. whole my with and heart whole my with assuredly land this in them plant will I and good, them do to them over rejoice will I Yea,
me. from depart not shall they that hearts, their in fear my put will I but good; them do to them, from away turn not will I that them, with covenant everlasting an make will I And
them: after children their of and them, of good the for ever, for me fear may they that way, one and heart, one them give will I And
God: their be will I and people, my be shall they And
safely: dwell to them cause will I and place, this unto again them bring will I and wrath; great in and fury, my in and anger, mine in them driven have I whither countries, all of out them gather will I Behold,
pestilence; the by and famine, the by and sword, the by Babylon of king the of hand the into delivered be shall It say, ye whereof city, this concerning Israel, of God the , Lord the saith thus therefore now And
sin. to Judah cause to abomination, this do should they that mind, my into it came neither not, them commanded I which Molech; unto fire the through pass to daughters their and sons their cause to Hinnom, of son the of valley the in are which Baal, of places high the built they And
it. defile to name, my by called is which house, the in abominations their set they But
instruction. receive to hearkened not have they yet them, teaching and early up rising them, taught I though face: the not and back, the me unto turned have they And
Jerusalem. of inhabitants the and Judah, of men the and prophets, their and priests, their princes, their kings, their they, anger, to me provoke to done have they which Judah, of children the of and Israel of children the of evil the all of Because
face, my before from it remove should I that day; this unto even it built they that day the from fury my of and anger mine of provocation a as me to been hath city this For
. Lord the saith hands, their of work the with anger to me provoked only have Israel of children the for youth: their from me before evil done only have Judah of children the and Israel of children the For
anger. to me provoke to gods, other unto offerings drink out poured and Baal, unto incense offered have they roofs whose upon houses, the with it burn and city, this on fire set and come shall city, this against fight that Chaldeans, the And
it: take shall he and Babylon, of king Nebuchadrezzar of hand the into and Chaldeans, the of hand the into city this give will I Behold, ; Lord the saith thus Therefore
me? for hard too thing any there is flesh: all of God the , Lord the am I Behold,
saying, Jeremiah, unto Lord the of word the came Then
Chaldeans. the of hand the into given is city the for witnesses; take and money, for field the thee Buy , God Lord O me, unto said hast thou And
it. seest thou behold, and, pass; to come is spoken hast thou what and pestilence: the of and famine, the of and sword, the of because it, against fight that Chaldeans, the of hand the into given is city the and it; take to city the unto come are they mounts, the Behold
them: upon come to evil this all caused hast thou therefore do: to them commandedst thou that all of nothing done have they law; thy in walked neither voice, thy not obeyed they but it; possessed and in, came they And
honey; and milk with flowing land a them, give to fathers their to swear didst thou which land, this them given hast And
terror; great with and arm, out stretched a with and hand, strong a with and wonders, with and signs, with Egypt of land the of out Israel people thy forth brought hast And
day; this at as name, a thee made hast and men; other among and Israel, in and day, this unto even Egypt, of land the in wonders and signs set hast Which
doings: his of fruit the to according and ways, his to according one every give to men: of sons the of ways the all upon open are eyes thine for work: in mighty and counsel, in Great
name, his is hosts, of Lord the God, Mighty the Great, the them: after children their of bosom the into fathers the of iniquity the recompensest and thousands, unto lovingkindness shewest Thou
thee: for hard too nothing is there and arm, out stretched and power great thy by earth the and heaven the made hast thou behold, ! God Lord Ah
saying, , Lord the unto prayed I Neriah, of son the Baruch unto purchase the of evidence the delivered had I when Now
land. this in again possessed be shall vineyards and fields and Houses Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith thus For
days. many continue may they that vessel, earthen an in them put and open; is which evidence this and sealed, is which both purchase, the of evidence this evidences, these Take Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
saying, them, before Baruch charged I And
prison. the of court the in sat that Jews the all before purchase, the of book the subscribed that witnesses the of presence the in and son, uncle's mine Hanameel of sight the in Maaseiah, of son the Neriah, of son the Baruch unto purchase the of evidence the gave I And
open: was which that and custom, and law the to according sealed was which that both purchase, the of evidence the took I So
balances. the in money the him weighed and witnesses, took and it, sealed and evidence, the subscribed I And
silver. of shekels seventeen even money, the him weighed and Anathoth, in was that son, uncle's my Hanameel of field the bought I And
. Lord the of word the was this that knew I Then thyself. for it buy thine; is redemption the and thine, is inheritance of right the for Benjamin: of country the in is which Anathoth, in is that thee, pray I field, my Buy me, unto said and , Lord the of word the to according prison the of court the in me to came son uncle's mine Hanameel So
it. buy to thine is redemption of right the for Anathoth: in is that field my thee Buy saying, thee unto come shall uncle thine Shallum of son the Hanameel Behold,
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word The said, Jeremiah And
prosper. not shall ye Chaldeans, the with fight ye though : Lord the saith him, visit I until be he shall there and Babylon, to Zedekiah lead shall he And
eyes; his behold shall eyes his and mouth, to mouth him with speak shall and Babylon, of king the of hand the into delivered be surely shall but Chaldeans, the of hand the of out escape not shall Judah of king Zedekiah And
it; take shall he and Babylon, of king the of hand the into city this give will I Behold, , Lord the saith Thus say, and prophesy, thou dost Wherefore saying, up, him shut had Judah of king Zedekiah For
house. Judah's of king the in was which prison, the of court the in up shut was prophet the Jeremiah and Jerusalem: besieged army Babylon's of king the then For
Nebuchadrezzar. of year eighteenth the was which Judah, of king Zedekiah of year tenth the in Lord the from Jeremiah to came that word The
ever. for more any down thrown nor up, plucked be not shall it ; Lord the unto holy be shall east, the toward gate horse the of corner the unto Kidron, of brook the unto fields the all and ashes, the of and bodies, dead the of valley whole the And
Goath. to about compass shall and Gareb, hill the upon it against over forth go yet shall line measuring the And
corner. the of gate the unto Hananeel of tower the from Lord the to built be shall city the that , Lord the saith come, days the Behold,
. Lord the saith done, have they that all for Israel of seed the all off cast also will I beneath, out searched earth the of foundations the and measured, be can above heaven If ; Lord the saith Thus
ever. for me before nation a being from cease shall also Israel of seed the then , Lord the saith me, before from depart ordinances those If
name: his is hosts of Lord The roar; thereof waves the when sea the divideth which night, by light a for stars the of and moon the of ordinances the and day, by light a for sun the giveth which , Lord the saith Thus
more. no sin their remember will I and iniquity, their forgive will I for : Lord the saith them, of greatest the unto them of least the from me, know all shall they for : Lord the Know saying, brother, his man every and neighbour, his man every more no teach shall they And
people. my be shall they and God, their be will and hearts; their in it write and parts, inward their in law my put will I , Lord the saith days, those After Israel; of house the with make will I that covenant the be shall this But
: Lord the saith them, unto husband an was I although brake, they covenant my which Egypt; of land the of out them bring to hand the by them took I that day the in fathers their with made I that covenant the to according Not
Judah: of house the with and Israel, of house the with covenant new a make will I that , Lord the saith come, days the Behold,
edge. on set be shall teeth his grape, sour the eateth that man every iniquity: own his for die shall one every But
edge. on set are teeth children's the and grape, sour a eaten have fathers The more, no say shall they days those In
. Lord the saith plant, to and build, to them, over watch I will so afflict; to and destroy, to and down, throw to and down, break to and up, pluck to them, over watched have I as like that pass, to come shall it And
beast. of seed the with and man, of seed the with Judah of house the and Israel of house the sow will I that , Lord the saith come, days the Behold,
me. unto sweet was sleep my and beheld; and awaked, I this Upon
soul. sorrowful every replenished have I and soul, weary the satiated have I For
flocks. with forth go that they and husbandmen, together, thereof cities the all in and itself, Judah in dwell shall there And
holiness. of mountain and justice, of habitation O thee, bless Lord The captivity; their again bring shall I when thereof, cities the in and Judah of land the in speech this use shall they yet As Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
man. a compass shall woman A earth, the in thing new a created hath Lord the for daughter? backsliding thou O about, go thou wilt long How
cities. thy these to again turn Israel, of virgin O again, turn wentest: thou which way the even highway, the toward heart thine set heaps: high thee make waymarks, up thee Set
. Lord the saith him, upon mercy have surely will I him; for troubled are bowels my therefore still: him remember earnestly do I him, against spake I since for child? pleasant a he is son? dear my Ephraim Is
youth. my of reproach the bear did I because confounded, even yea, ashamed, was I thigh: my upon smote I instructed, was I that after and repented; I turned, was I that after Surely
God. my Lord the art thou for turned; be shall I and me, thou turn yoke: the to unaccustomed bullock a as chastised, was I and me, chastised hast Thou thus; himself bemoaning Ephraim heard surely have I
border. own their to again come shall children thy that , Lord the saith end, thine in hope is there And
enemy. the of land the from again come shall they and ; Lord the saith rewarded, be shall work thy for tears: from eyes thine and weeping, from voice thy Refrain ; Lord the saith Thus
not. were they because children, her for comforted be to refused children her for weeping Rahel weeping; bitter and lamentation, Ramah, in heard was voice A ; Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the saith goodness, my with satisfied be shall people my and fatness, with priests the of soul the satiate will I And
sorrow. their from rejoice them make and them, comfort will and joy, into mourning their turn will I for together: old and men young both dance, the in rejoice virgin the shall Then
all. at more any sorrow not shall they and garden; watered a as be shall soul their and herd: the of and flock the of young the for and oil, for and wine, for and wheat, for , Lord the of goodness the to together flow shall and Zion, of height the in sing and come shall they Therefore
he. than stronger was that him of hand the from him ransomed and Jacob, redeemed hath Lord the For
flock. his doth shepherd a as him, keep and him, gather will Israel scattered that He say, and off, afar isles the in it declare and nations, ye O , Lord the of word the Hear
firstborn. my is Ephraim and Israel, to father a am I for stumble: not shall they wherein way, straight a in waters of rivers the by walk to them cause will I them: lead I will supplications with and weeping, with come shall They
thither. return shall company great a together: child with travaileth that her and child with woman the lame, the and blind the them with and earth, the of coasts the from them gather and country, north the from them bring will I Behold,
Israel. of remnant the people, thy save , Lord O say, and ye, praise ye, publish nations: the of chief the among shout and Jacob, for gladness with Sing ; Lord the saith thus For
God. our Lord the unto Zion to up go us let and ye, Arise cry, shall Ephraim mount the upon watchmen the that day, a be shall there For
things. common as them eat shall and plant, shall planters the Samaria: of mountains the upon vines plant yet shalt Thou
merry. make that them of dances the in forth go shalt and tabrets, thy with adorned be again shalt thou Israel: of virgin O built, be shalt thou and thee, build will I Again
thee. drawn I have lovingkindness with therefore love: everlasting an with thee loved have I Yea, saying, me, unto old of appeared hath Lord The
rest. to him cause to went I when Israel, even wilderness; the in grace found sword the of left were which people The , Lord the saith Thus
people. my be shall they and Israel, of families the all of God the be I will , Lord the saith time, same the At
it. consider shall ye days latter the in heart: his of intents the performed have he until and it, done hath he until return, not shall Lord the of anger fierce The
wicked. the of head the upon pain with fall shall it whirlwind: continuing a fury, with forth goeth Lord the of whirlwind the Behold,
God. your be will I and people, my be shall ye And
. Lord the saith me? unto approach to heart his engaged that this is who for me: unto approach shall he and near, draw to him cause will I and them; of midst the from proceed shall governor their and themselves, of be shall nobles their And
them. oppress that all punish will I and me, before established be shall congregation their and aforetime, as be shall also children Their
small. be not shall they and them, glorify also will I few; be not shall they and them, multiply will I and merry: make that them of voice the and thanksgiving proceed shall them of out And
thereof. manner the after remain shall palace the and heap, own her upon builded be shall city the and dwellingplaces; his on mercy have and tents, Jacob's of captivity the again bring will I Behold, ; Lord the saith Thus
after. seeketh man no whom Zion, is This saying, Outcast, an thee called they because ; Lord the saith wounds, thy of thee heal will I and thee, unto health restore will I For
prey. a for give I will thee upon prey that all and spoil, a be shall thee spoil that they and captivity; into go shall them, of one every adversaries, thine all and devoured; be shall thee devour that they all Therefore
thee. unto things these done have I increased, were sins thy because iniquity: thine of multitude the for incurable is sorrow thy affliction? thine for thou criest Why
increased. were sins thy because iniquity; thine of multitude the for one, cruel a of chastisement the with enemy, an of wound the with thee wounded have I for not; thee seek they thee; forgotten have lovers thy All
medicines. healing no hast thou up: bound be mayest thou that cause, thy plead to none is There
grievous. is wound thy and incurable, is bruise Thy , Lord the saith thus For
unpunished. altogether thee leave not will and measure, in thee correct will I but thee: of end full a make not will I yet thee, scattered have I whither nations all of end full a make I though thee: save to , Lord the saith thee, with am I For
afraid. him make shall none and quiet, be and rest, in be shall and return, shall Jacob and captivity; their of land the from seed thy and afar, from thee save will I lo, for, Israel: O dismayed, be neither ; Lord the saith Jacob, servant my O not, thou fear Therefore
them. unto up raise will I whom king, their David and God, their Lord the serve shall they But
him: of themselves serve more no shall strangers and bonds, thy burst will and neck, thy off from yoke his break will I that hosts, of Lord the saith day, that in pass to come shall it For
it. of out saved be shall he but trouble, Jacob's of time the even is it it: like is none that so great, is day that for Alas!
paleness? into turned are faces all and travail, in woman a as loins, his on hands his with man every see I do wherefore child? with travail doth man a whether see and now, ye Ask
peace. of not and fear, of trembling, of voice a heard have We ; Lord the saith thus For
Judah. concerning and Israel concerning spake Lord the that words the are these And
it. possess shall they and fathers, their to gave I that land the to return to them cause will I and : Lord the saith Judah, and Israel people my of captivity the again bring will I that , Lord the saith come, days the lo, For,
book. a in thee unto spoken have I that words the all thee Write saying, Israel, of God Lord the speaketh Thus
saying, , Lord the from Jeremiah to came that word The
. Lord the against rebellion taught hath he because ; Lord the saith people, my for do will I that good the behold he shall neither people; this among dwell to man a have not shall he seed: his and Nehelamite, the Shemaiah punish will I Behold, ; Lord the saith thus Therefore
lie: a in trust to you caused he and not, him sent I and you, unto prophesied hath Shemaiah that Because Nehelamite; the Shemaiah concerning Lord the saith Thus saying, captivity, the of them all to Send
saying, Jeremiah, unto Lord the of word the came Then
prophet. the Jeremiah of ears the in letter this read priest the Zephaniah And
them. of fruit the eat and gardens, plant and them; in dwell and houses, ye build long: is captivity This saying, Babylon, in us unto sent he therefore For
you? to prophet a himself maketh which Anathoth, of Jeremiah reproved not thou hast why therefore Now
stocks. the in and prison, in him put shouldest thou that prophet, a himself maketh and mad, is that man every for , Lord the of house the in officers be should ye that priest, the Jehoiada of stead the in priest thee made hath Lord The
saying, priests, the all to and priest, the Maaseiah of son the Zephaniah to and Jerusalem, at are that people the all unto name thy in letters sent hast thou Because saying, Israel, of God the hosts, of Lord the speaketh Thus
saying, Nehelamite, the Shemaiah to speak also thou shalt Thus
. Lord the saith witness, a am and know, I even them; commanded not have I which name, my in words lying spoken have and wives, neighbours' their with adultery committed have and Israel, in villany committed have they Because
fire; the in roasted Babylon of king the whom Ahab, like and Zedekiah like thee make Lord The saying, Babylon, in are which Judah of captivity the all by curse a up taken be shall them of And
eyes; your before them slay shall he and Babylon; of king Nebuchadrezzar of hand the into them deliver will I Behold, name; my in you unto lie a prophesy which Maaseiah, of son the Zedekiah of and Kolaiah, of son the Ahab of Israel, of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
Babylon: to Jerusalem from sent have I whom captivity, the of ye all , Lord the of word the therefore ye Hear
. Lord the saith hear, not would ye but them; sending and early up rising prophets, the servants my by them unto sent I which , Lord the saith words, my to hearkened not have they Because
them: driven have I whither nations the all among reproach, a and hissing, an and astonishment, an and curse, a be to earth, the of kingdoms the all to removed be to them deliver will and pestilence, the with and famine, the with sword, the with them persecute will I And
evil. so are they eaten, be cannot that figs, vile like them make will and pestilence, the and famine, the sword, the them upon send will I Behold, hosts; of Lord the saith Thus
captivity; into you with forth gone not are that brethren your of and city, this in dwelleth that people the all of and David, of throne the upon sitteth that king the of Lord the saith thus that Know
Babylon; in prophets up us raised hath Lord The said, have ye Because
captive. away carried be to you caused I whence place the into again you bring will I and ; Lord the saith you, driven have I whither places the all from and nations, the all from you gather will I and captivity, your away turn will I and : Lord the saith you, of found be will I And
heart. your all with me for search shall ye when me, find and me, seek shall ye And
you. unto hearken will I and me, unto pray and go shall ye and me, upon call ye shall Then
end. expected an you give to evil, of not and peace, of thoughts , Lord the saith you, toward think I that thoughts the know I For
place. this to return to you causing in you, toward word good my perform and you, visit will I Babylon at accomplished be years seventy after That , Lord the saith thus For
. Lord the saith them, sent not have I name: my in you unto falsely prophesy they For
dreamed. be to cause ye which dreams your to hearken neither you, deceive you, of midst the in be that diviners, your and prophets your not Let Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith thus For
peace. have ye shall thereof peace the in for it: for Lord the unto pray and captives, away carried be to you caused have I whither city the of peace the seek And
diminished. not and there, increased be may ye that daughters; and sons bear may they that husbands, to daughters your give and sons, your for wives take and daughters; and sons beget and wives, ye Take
them; of fruit the eat and gardens, plant and them; in dwell and houses, ye Build
Babylon; unto Jerusalem from away carried be to caused have I whom captives, away carried are that all unto Israel, of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
saying, Babylon) of king Nebuchadnezzar to Babylon unto sent Judah of king Zedekiah (whom Hilkiah, of son the Gemariah and Shaphan, of son the Elasah of hand the By
Jerusalem;) from departed were smiths, the and carpenters, the and Jerusalem, and Judah of princes the eunuchs, the and queen, the and king, the Jeconiah that (After
Babylon; to Jerusalem from captive away carried had Nebuchadnezzar whom people the all to and prophets, the to and priests, the to and captives, away carried were which elders the of residue the unto Jerusalem from sent prophet the Jeremiah that letter the of words the are these Now
month. seventh the in year same the died prophet the Hananiah So
. Lord the against rebellion taught hast thou because die, shalt thou year this earth: the of face the off from thee cast will I Behold, ; Lord the saith thus Therefore
lie. a in trust to people this makest thou but thee; sent not hath Lord The Hananiah; now, Hear prophet, the Hananiah unto Jeremiah prophet the said Then
also. field the of beasts the him given have I and him: serve shall they and Babylon; of king Nebuchadnezzar serve may they that nations, these all of neck the upon iron of yoke a put have I Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith thus For
iron. of yokes them for make shalt thou but wood; of yokes the broken hast Thou ; Lord the saith Thus saying, Hananiah, tell and Go
saying, Jeremiah, prophet the of neck the off from yoke the broken had prophet the Hananiah that after prophet, the Jeremiah unto came Lord the of word the Then
way. his went Jeremiah prophet the And years. full two of space the within nations all of neck the from Babylon of king Nebuchadnezzar of yoke the break I will so Even ; Lord the saith Thus saying, people, the all of presence the in spake Hananiah And
it. brake and neck, Jeremiah's prophet the off from yoke the took prophet the Hananiah Then
him. sent truly hath Lord the that known, be prophet the shall then pass, to come shall prophet the of word the when peace, of prophesieth which prophet The
pestilence. of and evil, of and war, of kingdoms, great against and countries, many against both prophesied old of thee before and me before been have that prophets The
people; the all of ears the in and ears, thine in speak I that word this now thou hear Nevertheless
place. this into Babylon from captive, away carried is that all and house, 's Lord the of vessels the again bring to prophesied, hast thou which words thy perform Lord the so: do Lord the Amen: said, Jeremiah prophet the Even
, Lord the of house the in stood that people the all of presence the in and priests, the of presence the in Hananiah prophet the unto said Jeremiah prophet the Then
Babylon. of king the of yoke the break will I for : Lord the saith Babylon, into went that Judah, of captives the all with Judah, of king Jehoiakim of son the Jeconiah place this to again bring will I And
Babylon: to them carried and place, this from away took Babylon of king Nebuchadnezzar that house, 's Lord the of vessels the all place this into again bring I will years full two Within
Babylon. of king the of yoke the broken have I saying, Israel, of God the hosts, of Lord the speaketh Thus
saying, people, the all of and priests the of presence the in , Lord the of house the in me unto spake Gibeon, of was which prophet, the Azur of son the Hananiah that month, fifth the in and year, fourth the in Judah, of king Zedekiah of reign the of beginning the in year, same the pass to came it And
place. this to them restore and up, them bring I will then ; Lord the saith them, visit I that day the until be they shall there and Babylon, to carried be shall They
Jerusalem; of and Judah of king the of house the in and , Lord the of house the in remain that vessels the concerning Israel, of God the hosts, of Lord the saith thus Yea,
Jerusalem; and Judah of nobles the all and Babylon, to Jerusalem from Judah of king Jehoiakim of son the Jeconiah captive away carried he when not, took Babylon of king Nebuchadnezzar Which
city. this in remain that vessels the of residue the concerning and bases, the concerning and sea, the concerning and pillars, the concerning hosts of Lord the saith thus For
Babylon. to not go Jerusalem, at and Judah, of king the of house the in and , Lord the of house the in left are which vessels the that hosts, of Lord the to intercession make now them let them, with be Lord the of word the if and prophets, be they if But
waste? laid be city this should wherefore live: and Babylon, of king the serve them; unto not Hearken
you. unto lie a prophesy they for Babylon: from again brought be shortly now shall house 's Lord the of vessels the Behold, saying, you, unto prophesy that prophets your of words the to not Hearken ; Lord the saith Thus saying, people, this all to and priests the to spake I Also
you. unto prophesy that prophets the and ye, perish, might ye that and out, you drive might I that name; my in lie a prophesy they yet , Lord the saith them, sent not have I For
you. unto lie a prophesy they for Babylon: of king the serve not shall Ye saying, you, unto speak that prophets the of words the unto not hearken Therefore
Babylon? of king the serve not will that nation the against spoken hath Lord the as pestilence, the by and famine, the by sword, the by people, thy and thou die, ye will Why
live. and people, his and him serve and Babylon, of king the of yoke the under necks your Bring saying, words, these all to according Judah of king Zedekiah to also spake I
therein. dwell and it, till shall they and ; Lord the saith land, own their in still remain let I will those him, serve and Babylon, of king the of yoke the under neck their bring that nations the But
perish. should ye and out, you drive should I that and land; your from far you remove to you, unto lie a prophesy they For
Babylon: of king the serve not shall Ye saying, you, unto speak which sorcerers, your to nor enchanters, your to nor dreamers, your to nor diviners, your to nor prophets, your to ye not hearken Therefore
hand. his by them consumed have I until pestilence, the with and famine, the with and sword, the with , Lord the saith punish, I will nation that Babylon, of king the of yoke the under neck their put not will that and Babylon, of king the Nebuchadnezzar same the serve not will which kingdom and nation the that pass, to come shall it And
him. of themselves serve shall kings great and nations many then and come: land his of time very the until son, son's his and son, his and him, serve shall nations all And
him. serve to also him given I have field the of beasts the and servant; my Babylon, of king the Nebuchadnezzar of hand the into lands these all given I have now And
me. unto meet seemed it whom unto it given have and arm, outstretched my by and power great my by ground, the upon are that beast the and man the earth, the made have I
masters; your unto say ye shall Thus Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus masters, their unto say to them command And
Judah; of king Zedekiah unto Jerusalem to come which messengers the of hand the by Zidon, of king the to and Tyrus, of king the to and Ammonites, the of king the to and Moab, of king the to and Edom, of king the to them send And
neck, thy upon them put and yokes, and bonds thee Make me; to Lord the saith Thus
saying, , Lord the from Jeremiah unto word this came Judah of king Josiah of son the Jehoiakim of reign the of beginning the In
death. to him put to people the of hand the into him give not should they that Jeremiah, with was Shaphan of son the Ahikam of hand the Nevertheless
people. common the of graves the into body dead his cast and sword, the with him slew who king; the Jehoiakim unto him brought and Egypt, of out Urijah forth fetched they And
Egypt. into him with men certain and Achbor, of son the Elnathan namely, Egypt, into men sent king the Jehoiakim And
Egypt; into went and fled, and afraid, was he it, heard Urijah when but death: to him put to sought king the words, his heard princes, the all and men, mighty his all with king, the Jehoiakim when And
Jeremiah. of words the all to according land this against and city this against prophesied who Kirjathjearim, of Shemaiah of son the Urijah , Lord the of name the in prophesied that man a also was there And
souls. our against evil great procure we might Thus them? against pronounced had he which evil the of him repented Lord the and , Lord the besought and , Lord the fear not he did death? to all at him put Judah all and Judah of king Hezekiah Did
forest. a of places high the as house the of mountain the and heaps, become shall Jerusalem and field, a like plowed be shall Zion hosts; of Lord the saith Thus saying, Judah, of people the all to spake and Judah, of king Hezekiah of days the in prophesied Morasthite the Micah
saying, people, the of assembly the all to spake and land, the of elders the of certain up rose Then
God. our Lord the of name the in us to spoken hath he for die: to worthy not is man This prophets; the to and priests the unto people the all and princes the said Then
ears. your in words these all speak to you unto me sent hath Lord the truth a of for thereof: inhabitants the upon and city, this upon and yourselves, upon blood innocent bring surely shall ye death, to me put ye if that certain, for ye know But
you. unto meet and good seemeth as me with do hand: your in am I behold, me, for As
you. against pronounced hath he that evil the of him repent will Lord the and God; your Lord the of voice the obey and doings, your and ways your amend now Therefore
heard. have ye that words the all city this against and house this against prophesy to me sent Lord The saying, people, the all to and princes the all unto Jeremiah spake Then
ears. your with heard have ye as city, this against prophesied hath he for die; to worthy is man This saying, people, the all to and princes the unto prophets the and priests the spake Then
house. 's Lord the of gate new the of entry the in down sat and , Lord the of house the unto house king's the from up came they then things, these heard Judah of princes the When
. Lord the of house the in Jeremiah against gathered were people the all And inhabitant? an without desolate be shall city this and Shiloh, like be shall house This saying, , Lord the of name the in prophesied thou hast Why
die. surely shalt Thou saying, him, took people the all and prophets the and priests the that people, the all unto speak to him commanded had Lord the that all speaking of end an made had Jeremiah when pass, to came it Now
. Lord the of house the in words these speaking Jeremiah heard people the all and prophets the and priests the So
earth. the of nations the all to curse a city this make will and Shiloh, like house this make I will Then
hearkened; not have ye but them, sending and early, up rising both you, unto sent I whom prophets, the servants my of words the to hearken To
you, before set have I which law, my in walk to me, to hearken not will ye If ; Lord the saith Thus them, unto say shalt thou And
doings. their of evil the of because them unto do to purpose I which evil, the of me repent may I that way, evil his from man every turn and hearken, will they be so If
word: a not diminish them; unto speak to thee command I that words the all house, 's Lord the in worship to come which Judah, of cities the all unto speak and house, 's Lord the of court the in Stand ; Lord the saith Thus
saying, , Lord the from word this came Judah of king Josiah of son the Jehoiakim of reign the of beginning the In
anger. fierce his of because and oppressor, the of fierceness the of because desolate is land their for lion: the as covert, his forsaken hath He
. Lord the of anger fierce the of because down cut are habitations peaceable the And
pasture. their spoiled hath Lord the for heard: be shall flock, the of principal the of howling an and shepherds, the of cry the of voice A
escape. to flock the of principal the nor flee, to way no have shall shepherds the And
vessel. pleasant a like fall shall ye and accomplished; are dispersions your of and slaughter your of days the for flock: the of principal ye ashes, the in yourselves wallow and cry; and shepherds, ye Howl,
ground. the upon dung be shall they buried; nor gathered, neither lamented, be not shall they earth: the of end other the unto even earth the of end one from day that at be shall Lord the of slain the And
earth. the of coasts the from up raised be shall whirlwind great a and nation, to nation from forth go shall evil Behold, hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the saith sword, the to wicked are that them give will he flesh; all with plead will he nations, the with controversy a hath Lord the for earth; the of ends the to even come shall noise A
earth. the of inhabitants the all against grapes, the tread that they as shout, a give shall he habitation; his upon roar mightily shall he habitation; holy his from voice his utter and high, on from roar shall Lord The them, unto say and words, these all them against thou prophesy Therefore
hosts. of Lord the saith earth, the of inhabitants the all upon sword a for call will I for unpunished: be not shall Ye unpunished? utterly be ye should and name, my by called is which city the on evil bring to begin I lo, For,
drink. certainly shall Ye hosts; of Lord the saith Thus them, unto say thou shalt then drink, to hand thine at cup the take to refuse they if be, shall it And
you. among send will I which sword the of because more, no rise and fall, and spue, and drunken, be and ye, Drink Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus them, unto say shalt thou Therefore
them. after drink shall Sheshach of king the and earth: the of face the upon are which world, the of kingdoms the all and another, with one near, and far north, the of kings the all And
Medes, the of kings the all and Elam, of kings the all and Zimri, of kings the all And
desert, the in dwell that people mingled the of kings the all and Arabia, of kings the all And
corners, utmost the in are that all and Buz, and Tema, and Dedan,
sea, the beyond are which isles the of kings the and Zidon, of kings the all and Tyrus, of kings the all And
Ammon, of children the and Moab, and Edom,
Ashdod, of remnant the and Ekron, and Azzah, and Ashkelon, and Philistines, the of land the of kings the all and Uz, of land the of kings the all and people, mingled the all And
people; his all and princes, his and servants, his and Egypt, of king Pharaoh
day; this is it as curse; a and hissing, an astonishment, an desolation, a them make to thereof, princes the and thereof, kings the and Judah, of cities the and Jerusalem, wit, To
me: sent had Lord the whom unto drink, to nations the all made and hand, 's Lord the at cup the I took Then
them. among send will I that sword the of because mad, be and moved, be and drink, shall they And
it. drink to thee, send I whom to nations, the all cause and hand, my at fury this of cup wine the Take me; unto Israel of God Lord the saith thus For
hands. own their of works the to according and deeds, their to according them recompense will I and also: them of themselves serve shall kings great and nations many For
nations. the all against prophesied hath Jeremiah which book, this in written is that all even it, against pronounced have I which words my all land that upon bring will I And
desolations. perpetual it make will and Chaldeans, the of land the and iniquity, their for , Lord the saith nation, that and Babylon, of king the punish will I that accomplished, are years seventy when pass, to come shall it And
years. seventy Babylon of king the serve shall nations these and astonishment; an and desolation, a be shall land whole this And
candle. the of light the and millstones, the of sound the bride, the of voice the and bridegroom, the of voice the gladness, of voice the and mirth, of voice the them from take will I Moreover
desolations. perpetual and hissing, an and astonishment, an them make and them, destroy utterly will and about, round nations these all against and thereof, inhabitants the against and land, this against them bring will and servant, my Babylon, of king the Nebuchadrezzar and , Lord the saith north, the of families the all take and send will I Behold,
words, my heard not have ye Because hosts; of Lord the saith thus Therefore
hurt. own your to hands your of works the with anger to me provoke might ye that ; Lord the saith me, unto hearkened not have ye Yet
hurt. no you do will I and hands; your of works the with anger to not me provoke and them, worship to and them, serve to gods other after not go And
ever: and ever for fathers your to and you unto given hath Lord the that land the in dwell and doings, your of evil the from and way, evil his from one every now again ye Turn said, They
hear. to ear your inclined nor hearkened, not have ye but them; sending and early rising prophets, the servants his all you unto sent hath Lord the And
hearkened. not have ye but speaking; and early rising you, unto spoken have I and me, unto come hath Lord the of word the year, twentieth and three the is that day, this unto even Judah, of king Amon of son the Josiah of year thirteenth the From
saying, Jerusalem, of inhabitants the all to and Judah, of people the all unto spake prophet the Jeremiah which The
Babylon; of king Nebuchadrezzar of year first the was that Judah, of king Josiah of son the Jehoiakim of year fourth the in Judah of people the all concerning Jeremiah to came that word The
fathers. their to and them unto gave I that land the off from consumed be they till them, among pestilence, the and famine, the sword, the send will I And
them. drive shall I whither places all in curse, a and taunt a proverb, a and reproach a be to hurt, their for earth the of kingdoms the all into removed be to them deliver will I And
Egypt: of land the in dwell that them and land, this in remain that Jerusalem, of residue the and princes, his and Judah, of king the Zedekiah give I will So , Lord the saith thus surely evil; so are they eaten, be cannot which figs, evil the as And
heart. whole their with me unto return shall they for God: their be will I and people, my be shall they and : Lord the am I that me, know to heart an them give will I And
up. them pluck not and them, plant will I and down; them pull not and them, build will I and land: this to again them bring will I and good, for them upon eyes mine set will I For
good. their for Chaldeans the of land the into place this of out sent have I whom Judah, of captive away carried are that them acknowledge I will so figs, good these Like Israel; of God the , Lord the saith Thus
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Again
evil. so are they eaten, be cannot that evil, very evil, the and good; very figs, good the Figs; said, I And Jeremiah? thou, seest What me, unto Lord the said Then
bad. so were they eaten, be not could which figs, naughty very had basket other the and ripe: first are that figs the like even figs, good very had basket One
Babylon. to them brought had and Jerusalem, from smiths, and carpenters the with Judah, of princes the and Judah, of king Jehoiakim of son the Jeconiah captive away carried had Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar that after , Lord the of temple the before set were figs of baskets two behold, and, me, shewed Lord The
forgotten. be not shall which shame, perpetual a and you, upon reproach everlasting an bring will I And
presence: my of out you cast and fathers, your and you gave I that city the and you, forsake will I and you, forget utterly will I, even I, behold, Therefore,
; Lord the of burden The say, not shall Ye saying, you, unto sent have I and , Lord the of burden The word, this say ye Because ; Lord the saith thus therefore ; Lord the of burden The say, ye since But
spoken? Lord the hath What and, thee? answered Lord the hath What prophet, the to say thou shalt Thus
God. our hosts of Lord the of God, living the of words the perverted have ye for burden; his be shall word man's every for more: no mention ye shall Lord the of burden the And
spoken? Lord the hath What and, answered? Lord the hath What brother, his to one every and neighbour, his to one every say ye shall Thus
house. his and man that punish even will I , Lord the of burden The say, shall that people, the and priest, the and prophet, the for as And
. Lord the saith you, forsake even will I burden? What them, unto say then shalt thou ? Lord the of burden the is What saying, thee, ask shall priest, a or prophet, the or people, this when And
. Lord the saith all, at people this profit not shall they therefore them: commanded nor not, them sent I yet lightness; their by and lies, their by err to people my cause and them, tell do and , Lord the saith dreams, false prophesy that them against am I Behold,
saith. He say, and tongues, their use that , Lord the saith prophets, the against am I Behold,
neighbour. his from one every words my steal that , Lord the saith prophets, the against am I behold, Therefore,
pieces? in rock the breaketh that hammer a like and ; Lord the saith fire? a as like word my not Is
. Lord the saith wheat? the to chaff the is What faithfully. word my speak him let word, my hath that he and dream; a tell him let dream, a hath that prophet The
Baal. for name my forgotten have fathers their as neighbour, his to man every tell they which dreams their by name my forget to people my cause to think Which
heart; own their of deceit the of prophets are they yea, lies? prophesy that prophets the of heart the in be this shall long How
dreamed. have I dreamed, have I saying, name, my in lies prophesy that said, prophets the what heard have I
. Lord the saith earth? and heaven fill I not Do . Lord the saith him? see not shall I that places secret in himself hide any Can
off? afar God a not and , Lord the saith hand, at God a I Am
doings. their of evil the from and way, evil their from them turned have should they then words, my hear to people my caused had and counsel, my in stood had they if But
prophesied. they yet them, to spoken not have I ran: they yet prophets, these sent not have I
perfectly. it consider shall ye days latter the in heart: his of thoughts the performed have he till and executed, have he until return, not shall Lord the of anger The
wicked. the of head the upon grievously fall shall it whirlwind: grievous a even fury, in forth gone is Lord the of whirlwind a Behold,
it? heard and word, his marked hath who word? his heard and perceived hath and , Lord the of counsel the in stood hath who For
you. upon come shall evil No heart, own his of imagination the after walketh that one every unto say they and peace; have shall Ye said, hath Lord The me, despise that them unto still say They
. Lord the of mouth the of out not and heart, own their of vision a speak they vain: you make they you: unto prophesy that prophets the of words the unto not Hearken hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
land. the all into forth gone profaneness is Jerusalem of prophets the from for gall: of water the drink them make and wormwood, with them feed will I Behold, prophets; the concerning hosts of Lord the saith thus Therefore
Gomorrah. as thereof inhabitants the and Sodom, as me unto them of all are they wickedness; his from return doth none that evildoers, of hands the also strengthen they lies: in walk and adultery, commit they thing: horrible an Jerusalem of prophets the in also seen have I
err. to Israel people my caused and Baal, in prophesied they Samaria; of prophets the in folly seen have I And
. Lord the saith visitation, their of year the even them, upon evil bring will I for therein: fall and on, driven be shall they darkness: the in ways slippery as them unto be shall way their Wherefore
. Lord the saith wickedness, their found I have house my in yea, profane; are priest and prophet both For
right. not is force their and evil, is course their and up, dried are wilderness the of places pleasant the mourneth; land the swearing of because for adulterers; of full is land the For
holiness. his of words the of because and , Lord the of because overcome, hath wine whom man a like and man, drunken a like am I shake; bones my all prophets; the of because broken is me within heart Mine
land. own their in dwell shall they and them; driven had I whither countries all from and country, north the of out Israel of house the of seed the led which and up brought which liveth, Lord The But,
Egypt; of land the of out Israel of children the up brought which liveth, Lord The say, more no shall they that , Lord the saith come, days the behold, Therefore,
. Righteousness Our Lord The called, be shall he whereby name his is this and safely: dwell shall Israel and saved, be shall Judah days his In
earth. the in justice and judgment execute shall and prosper, and reign shall King a and Branch, righteous a David unto raise will I that , Lord the saith come, days the Behold,
. Lord the saith lacking, be they shall neither dismayed, be nor more, no fear shall they and them: feed shall which them over shepherds up set will I And
increase. and fruitful be shall they and folds; their to again them bring will and them, driven have I whither countries all of out flock my of remnant the gather will I And
. Lord the saith doings, your of evil the you upon visit will I behold, them: visited not have and away, them driven and flock, my scattered have Ye people; my feed that pastors the against Israel of God Lord the saith thus Therefore
. Lord the saith pasture! my of sheep the scatter and destroy that pastors the unto be Woe
Judah. in more any ruling and David, of throne the upon sitting prosper, shall seed his of man no for days: his in prosper not shall that man a childless, man this ye Write , Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the of word the hear earth, earth, earth, O
not? know they which land a into cast are and seed, his and he out, cast they are wherefore pleasure? no is wherein vessel a he is idol? broken despised a Coniah man this Is
return. not they shall thither return, to desire they whereunto land the to But
die. ye shall there and born; not were ye where country, another into thee, bare that mother thy and out, thee cast will I And
Chaldeans. the of hand the into and Babylon, of king Nebuchadrezzar of hand the into even fearest, thou face whose them of hand the into and life, thy seek that them of hand the into thee give will I And
thence; thee pluck I would yet hand, right my upon signet the were Judah of king Jehoiakim of son the Coniah though , Lord the saith live, I As
travail! in woman a of as pain the thee, upon come pangs when be thou shalt gracious how cedars, the in nest thy makest that Lebanon, of inhabitant O
wickedness. thy all for confounded and ashamed be thou shalt then surely captivity: into go shall lovers thy and pastors, thy all up eat shall wind The
voice. my not obeyedst thou that youth, thy from manner thy been hath This hear. not will I saidst, thou but prosperity; thy in thee unto spake I
destroyed. are lovers thy all for passages: the from cry and Bashan, in voice thy up lift and cry; and Lebanon, to up Go
Jerusalem. of gates the beyond forth cast and drawn ass, an of burial the with buried be shall He
glory! his Ah or, lord! Ah saying, him, for lament not shall they sister! Ah or, brother! my Ah saying, him, for lament not shall They Judah; of king Josiah of son the Jehoiakim concerning Lord the saith thus Therefore
it. do to violence, for and oppression, for and blood, innocent shed to for and covetousness, thy for but not are heart thine and eyes thine But
. Lord the saith me? know to this not was him: with well was it then needy; and poor the of cause the judged He
him? with well was it then and justice, and judgment do and drink, and eat father thy not did cedar? in thyself closest thou because reign, thou Shalt
vermilion. with painted and cedar, with cieled is it and windows; out him cutteth and chambers, large and house wide a me build will I saith, That
work; his for not him giveth and wages, without service neighbour's his useth that wrong; by chambers his and unrighteousness, by house his buildeth that him unto Woe
more. no land this see shall and captive, him led have they whither place the in die shall he But
more: any thither return not shall He place; this of out forth went which father, his Josiah of instead reigned which Judah, of king Josiah of son the Shallum touching Lord the saith thus For
country. native his see nor more, no return shall he for away: goeth that him for sore weep but him: bemoan neither dead, the for not ye Weep
them. served and gods, other worshipped and God, their Lord the of covenant the forsaken have they Because answer, shall they Then
city? great this unto thus done Lord the hath Wherefore neighbour, his to man every say shall they and city, this by pass shall nations many And
fire. the into them cast and cedars, choice thy down cut shall they and weapons: his with one every thee, against destroyers prepare will I And
inhabited. not are which cities and wilderness, a thee make will I surely yet Lebanon: of head the and me, unto Gilead art Thou Judah; of house king's the unto Lord the saith thus For
desolation. a become shall house this that , Lord the saith myself, by swear I words, these hear not will ye if But
people. his and servants, his and he, horses, on and chariots in riding David, of throne the upon sitting kings house this of gates the by in enter there shall then indeed, thing this do ye if For
place. this in blood innocent shed neither widow, the nor fatherless, the stranger, the to violence no do wrong, no do and oppressor: the of hand the of out spoiled the deliver and righteousness, and judgment ye Execute ; Lord the saith Thus
gates: these by in enter that people thy and servants, thy and thou, David, of throne the upon sittest that Judah, of king O , Lord the of word the Hear say, And
word, this there speak and Judah, of king the of house the to down Go ; Lord the saith Thus
it. about round things all devour shall it and thereof, forest the in fire a kindle will I and : Lord the saith doings, your of fruit the to according you punish will I But
habitations? our into enter shall who or us? against down come shall Who say, which ; Lord the saith plain, the of rock and valley, the of inhabitant O thee, against am I Behold,
doings. your of evil the of because it, quench can none that burn and fire, like out go fury my lest oppressor, the of hand the of out spoiled is that him deliver and morning, the in judgment Execute ; Lord the saith thus David, of house O
; Lord the of word the ye Hear say, Judah, of king the of house the touching And
fire. with it burn shall he and Babylon, of king the of hand the into given be shall it : Lord the saith good, for not and evil, for city this against face my set have I For
prey. a for him unto be shall life his and live, shall he you, besiege that Chaldeans the to falleth and out, goeth that he but pestilence: the by and famine, the by and sword, the by die shall city this in abideth that He
death. of way the and life, of way the you before set I Behold, ; Lord the saith Thus say, shalt thou people this unto And
mercy. have nor pity, have neither them, spare not shall he sword; the of edge the with them smite shall he and life: their seek that those of hand the into and enemies, their of hand the into and Babylon, of king Nebuchadrezzar of hand the into famine, the from and sword, the from pestilence, the from city this in left are as such and people, the and servants, his and Judah, of king Zedekiah deliver will I , Lord the saith afterward, And
pestilence. great a of die shall they beast: and man both city, this of inhabitants the smite will I And
wrath. great in and fury, in and anger, in even arm, strong a with and hand outstretched an with you against fight will myself I And
city. this of midst the into them assemble will I and walls, the without you besiege which Chaldeans, the against and Babylon, of king the against fight ye wherewith hands, your in are that war of weapons the back turn will I Behold, Israel; of God Lord the saith Thus
Zedekiah: to say ye shall Thus them, unto Jeremiah said Then
us. from up go may he that works, wondrous his all to according us with deal will Lord the that be so if us; against war maketh Babylon of king Nebuchadrezzar for us; for Lord the of thee, pray I Enquire,
saying, priest, the Maaseiah of son the Zephaniah and Melchiah, of son the Pashur him unto sent Zedekiah king when , Lord the from Jeremiah unto came which word The
shame? with consumed be should days my that sorrow, and labour see to womb the of out forth I came Wherefore
me. with great always be to womb her and grave, my been have might mother my that or womb; the from not me slew he Because
noontide; at shouting the and morning, the in cry the hear him let and not: repented and overthrew, Lord the which cities the as be man that let And
glad. very him making thee; unto born is child man A saying, father, my to tidings brought who man the be Cursed
blessed. be me bare mother my wherein day the not let born: was I wherein day the be Cursed
evildoers. of hand the from poor the of soul the delivered hath he for : Lord the ye praise , Lord the unto Sing
cause. my opened I have thee unto for them: on vengeance thy see me let heart, the and reins the seest and righteous, the triest that hosts, of Lord O But,
forgotten. be never shall confusion everlasting their prosper: not shall they for ashamed; greatly be shall they prevail: not shall they and stumble, shall persecutors my therefore one: terrible mighty a as me with is Lord the But
him. on revenge our take shall we and him, against prevail shall we and enticed, be will he Peradventure saying, halting, my for watched familiars my All it. report will we and they, say Report, side. every on fear many, of defaming the heard I For
stay. not could I and forbearing, with weary was I and bones, my in up shut fire burning a as heart mine in was word his But name. his in more any speak nor him, of mention make not will I said, I Then
daily. derision, a and me, unto reproach a made was Lord the of word the because spoil; and violence cried I out, cried I spake, I since For
me. mocketh one every daily, derision in am I prevailed: hast and I, than stronger art thou deceived; was I and me, deceived hast thou , Lord O
lies. prophesied hast thou whom to friends, thy all and thou, there, buried be shalt and die, shalt thou there and Babylon, to come shalt thou and captivity: into go shall house thine in dwell that all and Pashur, thou, And
Babylon. to them carry and them, take and them, spoil shall which enemies, their of hand the into give I will Judah of kings the of treasures the all and thereof, things precious the all and thereof, labours the all and city, this of strength the all deliver will I Moreover
sword. the with them slay shall and Babylon, into captive them carry shall he and Babylon, of king the of hand the into Judah all give will I and it: behold shall eyes thine and enemies, their of sword the by fall shall they and friends: thy all to and thyself, to terror a thee make will I Behold, , Lord the saith thus For
Magormissabib. but Pashur, name thy called not hath Lord The him, unto Jeremiah said Then stocks. the of out Jeremiah forth brought Pashur that morrow, the on pass to came it And
. Lord the of house the by was which Benjamin, of gate high the in were that stocks the in him put and prophet, the Jeremiah smote Pashur Then
things. these prophesied Jeremiah that heard , Lord the of house the in governor chief also was who priest, the Immer of son the Pashur Now
words. my hear not might they that necks, their hardened have they because it, against pronounced have I that evil the all towns her all upon and city this upon bring will I Behold, Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
people, the all to said and house; 's Lord the of court the in stood he and prophesy; to him sent had Lord the whither Tophet, from Jeremiah came Then
gods. other unto offerings drink out poured have and heaven, of host the all unto incense burned have they roofs whose upon houses the all of because Tophet, of place the as defiled be shall Judah, of kings the of houses the and Jerusalem, of houses the And
Tophet: as city this make even and thereof, inhabitants the to and , Lord the saith place, this unto do I will Thus
bury. to place no be there till Tophet, in them bury shall they and again: whole made be cannot that vessel, potter's a breaketh one as city, this and people this break I will so Even hosts; of Lord the saith Thus them, unto say shalt And
thee, with go that men the of sight the in bottle the break thou shalt Then
them. straiten shall lives, their seek that they and enemies, their wherewith straitness, and siege the in friend his of flesh the one every eat shall they and daughters, their of flesh the and sons their of flesh the eat to them cause will I And
thereof. plagues the all of because hiss and astonished be shall thereby passeth that one every hissing; an and desolate, city this make will I And
earth. the of beasts the for and heaven, the of fowls the for meat be to give I will carcases their and lives: their seek that them of hands the by and enemies, their before sword the by fall to them cause will I and place; this in Jerusalem and Judah of counsel the void make will I And
slaughter. of valley The but Hinnom, of son the of valley The nor Tophet, called be more no shall place this that , Lord the saith come, days the behold, Therefore,
mind: my into it came neither it, spake nor not, commanded I which Baal, unto offerings burnt for fire with sons their burn to Baal, of places high the also built have They
innocents; of blood the with place this filled have and Judah, of kings the nor known, have fathers their nor they neither whom gods, other unto it in incense burned have and place, this estranged have and me, forsaken have they Because
tingle. shall ears his heareth, whosoever which the place, this upon evil bring will I Behold, Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus Jerusalem; of inhabitants and Judah, of kings O , Lord the of word the ye Hear say, And
thee, tell shall I that words the there proclaim and gate, east the of entry the by is which Hinnom, of son the of valley the unto forth go And
priests; the of ancients the of and people, the of ancients the of take and bottle, earthen potter's a get and Go , Lord the saith Thus
anger. thine of time the in them with thus deal thee; before overthrown be them let but sight, thy from sin their out blot neither iniquity, their not forgive me: slay to me against counsel their all knowest thou , Lord Yet,
feet. my for snares hid and me, take to pit a digged have they for them: upon suddenly troop a bring shalt thou when houses, their from heard be cry a Let
battle. in sword the by slain be men young their let death; to put be men their let and widows; be and children, their of bereaved be wives their let and sword; the of force the by blood their out pour and famine, the to children their up deliver Therefore
them. from wrath thy away turn to and them, for good speak to thee before stood I that Remember soul. my for pit a digged have they for good? for recompensed be evil Shall
me. with contend that them of voice the to hearken and , Lord O me, to heed Give
words. his of any to heed give not us let and tongue, the with him smite us let and Come, prophet. the from word the nor wise, the from counsel nor priest, the from perish not shall law the for Jeremiah; against devices devise us let and Come they, said Then
calamity. their of day the in face, the not and back, the them shew will I enemy; the before wind east an with as them scatter will I
head. his wag and astonished, be shall thereby passeth that one every hissing; perpetual a and desolate, land their make To
up; cast not way a in paths, in walk to paths, ancient the from ways their in stumble to them caused have they and vanity, to incense burned have they me, forgotten hath people my Because
forsaken? be place another from come that waters flowing cold the shall or field? the of rock the from cometh which Lebanon of snow the leave man a Will
thing. horrible very a done hath Israel of virgin the things: such heard hath who heathen, the among now ye Ask ; Lord the saith thus Therefore
heart. evil his of imagination the do one every will we and devices, own our after walk will we but hope: no is There said, they And
good. doings your and ways your make and way, evil his from one every now ye return you: against device a devise and you, against evil frame I Behold, ; Lord the saith Thus saying, Jerusalem, of inhabitants the to and Judah, of men the to speak to, go therefore Now
them. benefit would I said I wherewith good, the of repent will I then voice, my not obey it that sight, my in evil do it If
it; plant to and build to kingdom, a concerning and nation, a concerning speak shall I instant what at And
them. unto do to thought I that evil the of repent will I evil, their from turn pronounced, have I whom against nation, that If
it; destroy to and down, pull to and up, pluck to kingdom, a concerning and nation, a concerning speak shall I instant what At
Israel. of house O hand, mine in ye are so hand, potter's the in is clay the as Behold, . Lord the saith potter? this as you with do I cannot Israel, of house O
saying, me, to came Lord the of word the Then
it. make to potter the to good seemed as vessel, another again it made he so potter: the of hand the in marred was clay of made he that vessel the And
wheels. the on work a wrought he behold, and, house, potter's the to down went I Then
words. my hear to thee cause will I there and house, potter's the to down go and Arise,
saying, , Lord the from Jeremiah to came which word The
quenched. be not shall it and Jerusalem, of palaces the devour shall it and thereof, gates the in fire a kindle I will then day; sabbath the on Jerusalem of gates the at in entering even burden, a bear to not and day, sabbath the hallow to me unto hearken not will ye if But
. Lord the of house the unto praise, of sacrifices bringing and incense, and offerings, meat and sacrifices, and offerings, burnt bringing south, the from and mountains, the from and plain, the from and Benjamin, of land the from and Jerusalem, about places the from and Judah, of cities the from come shall they And
ever. for remain shall city this and Jerusalem: of inhabitants the and Judah, of men the princes, their and they, horses, on and chariots in riding David, of throne the upon sitting princes and kings city this of gates the into enter there shall Then
therein; work no do to day, sabbath the hallow but day, sabbath the on city this of gates the through burden no in bring to , Lord the saith me, unto hearken diligently ye if pass, to come shall it And
instruction. receive nor hear, not might they that stiff, neck their made but ear, their inclined neither not, obeyed they But
fathers. your commanded I as day, sabbath the ye hallow but work, any ye do neither day, sabbath the on houses your of out burden a forth carry Neither
Jerusalem; of gates the by in it bring nor day, sabbath the on burden no bear and yourselves, to heed Take ; Lord the saith Thus
gates: these by in enter that Jerusalem, of inhabitants the all and Judah, all and Judah, of kings ye , Lord the of word the ye Hear them, unto say And
Jerusalem; of gates the all in and out, go they which the by and in, come Judah of kings the whereby people, the of children the of gate the in stand and Go me; unto Lord the said Thus
destruction. double with them destroy and evil, of day the them upon bring dismayed: be me not let but dismayed, be them let confounded: be me not let but me, persecute that confounded be them Let
evil. of day the in hope my art thou me: unto terror a not Be
thee. before right was lips my of out came which that knowest: thou day; woeful the desired I have neither thee: follow to pastor a being from hastened not have I me, for As
now. come it let ? Lord the of word the is Where me, unto say they Behold,
praise. my art thou for saved: be shall I and me, save healed; be shall I and , Lord O me, Heal
waters. living of fountain the , Lord the forsaken have they because earth, the in written be shall me from depart that they and ashamed, be shall thee forsake that all Israel, of hope the , Lord O
sanctuary. our of place the is beginning the from throne high glorious A
fool. a be shall end his at and days, his of midst the in them leave shall right, by not and riches, getteth that he so not; them hatcheth and eggs, on sitteth partridge the As
doings. his of fruit the to according and ways, his to according man every give to even reins, the try I heart, the search Lord the I
it? know can who wicked: desperately and things, all above deceitful is heart The
fruit. yielding from cease shall neither drought, of year the in careful be not shall and green; be shall leaf her but cometh, heat when see not shall and river, the by roots her out spreadeth that and waters, the by planted tree a as be shall he For
is. Lord the hope whose and , Lord the in trusteth that man the is Blessed
inhabited. not and land salt a in wilderness, the in places parched the inhabit shall but cometh; good when see not shall and desert, the in heath the like be shall he For
. Lord the from departeth heart whose and arm, his flesh maketh and man, in trusteth that man the be Cursed ; Lord the saith Thus
ever. for burn shall which anger, mine in fire a kindled have ye for not: knowest thou which land the in enemies thine serve to thee cause will I and thee; gave I that heritage thine from discontinue shalt thyself, even thou, And
borders. thy all throughout sin, for places high thy and spoil, the to treasures thy all and substance thy give will I field, the in mountain my O
hills. high the upon trees green the by groves their and altars their remember children their Whilst
altars; your of horns the upon and heart, their of table the upon graven is it diamond: a of point the with and iron, of pen a with written is Judah of sin The
. Lord The is name my that know shall they and might; my and hand mine know to them cause will I know, to them cause once this will I behold, Therefore,
gods? no are they and himself, unto gods make man a Shall
profit. no is there wherein things and vanity, lies, inherited have fathers our Surely say, shall and earth, the of ends the from thee unto come shall Gentiles the affliction, of day the in refuge my and fortress, my and strength, my , Lord O
things. abominable and detestable their of carcases the with inheritance mine filled have they land, my defiled have they because double; sin their and iniquity their recompense will I first And
eyes. mine from hid iniquity their is neither face, my from hid not are they ways: their all upon are eyes mine For
rocks. the of holes the of out and hill, every from and mountain, every from them hunt shall they and hunters, many for send I will after and them; fish shall they and , Lord the saith fishers, many for send will I Behold,
fathers. their unto gave I that land their into again them bring will I and them: driven had he whither lands the all from and north, the of land the from Israel of children the up brought that liveth, Lord The But,
Egypt; of land the of out Israel of children the up brought that liveth, Lord The said, be more no shall it that , Lord the saith come, days the behold, Therefore,
favour. you shew not will I where night; and day gods other serve ye shall there and fathers; your nor ye neither not, know ye that land a into land this of out you cast I will Therefore
me: unto hearken not may they that heart, evil his of imagination the after one every walk ye behold, for, fathers; your than worse done have ye And
law; my kept not have and me, forsaken have and them, worshipped have and them, served have and gods, other after walked have and , Lord the saith me, forsaken have fathers your Because them, unto say thou shalt Then
God? our Lord the against committed have we that sin our is what or iniquity? our is what or us? against evil great this all pronounced Lord the hath Wherefore thee, unto say shall they and words, these all people this shew shalt thou when pass, to come shall it And
bride. the of voice the and bridegroom, the of voice the gladness, of voice the and mirth, of voice the days, your in and eyes, your in place this of out cease to cause will I Behold, Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith thus For
drink. to and eat to them with sit to feasting, of house the into go also not shalt Thou
mother. their for or father their for drink to consolation of cup the them give men shall neither dead; the for them comfort to mourning, in them for themselves tear men shall Neither
them: for bald themselves make nor themselves, cut nor them, for lament men shall neither buried, be not shall they land: this in die shall small the and great the Both
mercies. and lovingkindness even , Lord the saith people, this from peace my away taken have I for them: bemoan nor lament to go neither mourning, of house the into not Enter , Lord the saith thus For
earth. the of beasts the for and heaven, of fowls the for meat be shall carcases their and famine; by and sword, the by consumed be shall they and earth: the of face the upon dung as be shall they but buried; be they shall neither lamented; be not shall they deaths; grievous of die shall They
land; this in them begat that fathers their concerning and them, bare that mothers their concerning and place, this in born are that daughters the concerning and sons the concerning Lord the saith thus For
place. this in daughters or sons have thou shalt neither wife, a thee take not shalt Thou
saying, me, unto also came Lord the of word The
terrible. the of hand the of out thee redeem will I and wicked, the of hand the of out thee deliver will I And
. Lord the saith thee, deliver to and thee save to thee with am I for thee: against prevail not shall they but thee, against fight shall they and wall: brasen fenced a people this unto thee make will I And
them. unto thou not return but thee; unto return them let mouth: my as be shalt thou vile, the from precious the forth take thou if and me: before stand shalt thou and again, thee bring I will then return, thou If , Lord the saith thus Therefore
fail? that waters as and liar, a as me unto altogether be thou wilt healed? be to refuseth which incurable, wound my and perpetual, pain my is Why
indignation. with me filled hast thou for hand: thy of because alone sat I rejoiced; nor mockers, the of assembly the in not sat I
hosts. of God Lord O name, thy by called am I for heart: mine of rejoicing and joy the me unto was word thy and them; eat did I and found, were words Thy
rebuke. suffered have I sake thy for that know longsuffering: thy in away not me take persecutors; my of me revenge and me, visit and me, remember knowest: thou , Lord O
you. upon burn shall which anger, mine in kindled is fire a for not: knowest thou which land a into enemies thine with pass to thee make will I And
borders. thy all in even sins, thy all for that and price, without spoil the to give I will treasures thy and substance Thy
steel? the and iron northern the break iron Shall
affliction. of time the in and evil of time the in well thee entreat to enemy the cause will I verily remnant; thy with well be shall it Verily said, Lord The
me. curse doth them of one every yet usury; on me to lent have men nor usury, on lent neither have I earth! whole the to contention of man a and strife of man a me borne hast thou that mother, my me, is Woe
. Lord the saith enemies, their before sword the to deliver I will them of residue the and confounded: and ashamed been hath she day: yet was it while down gone is sun her ghost; the up given hath she languisheth: seven borne hath that She
city. the upon terrors and suddenly, it upon fall to him caused have I noonday: at spoiler a men young the of mother the against them upon brought have I seas: the of sand the above me to increased are widows Their
ways. their from not return they since people my destroy will I children, of them bereave will I land; the of gates the in fan a with them fan will I And
repenting. with weary am I thee; destroy and thee, against hand my out stretch I will therefore backward: gone art thou , Lord the saith me, forsaken hast Thou
doest? thou how ask to aside go shall who or thee? bemoan shall who or Jerusalem? O thee, upon pity have shall who For
Jerusalem. in did he which that for Judah, of king Hezekiah of son the Manasseh of because earth, the of kingdoms all into removed be to them cause will I And
destroy. and devour to earth, the of beasts the and heaven, the of fowls the and tear, to dogs the and slay, to sword the : Lord the saith kinds, four them over appoint will I And
captivity. the to captivity, the for are as such and famine; the to famine, the for are as such and sword; the to sword, the for are as such and death; to death, for are as Such ; Lord the saith Thus them, tell shalt thou then forth? go we shall Whither thee, unto say they if pass, to come shall it And
forth. go them let and sight, my of out them cast people: this toward be not could mind my yet me, before stood Samuel and Moses Though me, unto Lord the said Then
things. these all made hast thou for thee: upon wait will we therefore God? our Lord O he, thou not art showers? give heavens the can or rain? cause can that Gentiles the of vanities the among any there Are
us. with covenant thy not break remember, glory: thy of throne the disgrace not do sake, name's thy for us, abhor not Do
thee. against sinned have we for fathers: our of iniquity the and wickedness, our , Lord O acknowledge, We
trouble! behold and healing, of time the for and good; no is there and peace, for looked we us? for healing no is there and us, smitten thou hast why Zion? lothed soul thy hath Judah? rejected utterly thou Hast
not. know they that land a into about go priest the and prophet the both yea, famine! with sick are that them behold then city, the into enter I if and sword! the with slain the behold then field, the into forth go I If
blow. grievous very a with breach, great a with broken is people my of daughter virgin the for cease: not them let and day, and night tears with down run eyes mine Let them; unto word this say shalt thou Therefore
them. upon wickedness their pour will I for daughters: their nor sons, their nor wives, their them, them, bury to none have shall they and sword; the and famine the of because Jerusalem of streets the in out cast be shall prophesy they whom to people the And
consumed. be prophets those shall famine and sword By land; this in be not shall famine and Sword say, they yet not, them sent I and name, my in prophesy that prophets the concerning Lord the saith thus Therefore
heart. their of deceit the and nought, of thing a and divination, and vision false a you unto prophesy they them: unto spake neither them, commanded I have neither not, them sent I name: my in lies prophesy prophets The me, unto said Lord the Then
place. this in peace assured you give will I but famine; have ye shall neither sword, the see not shall Ye them, unto say prophets the behold, ! God Lord Ah, I, said Then
pestilence. the by and famine, the by and sword, the by them consume will I but them: accept not will I oblation, an and offering burnt offer they when and cry; their hear not will I fast, they When
good. their for people this for not Pray me, unto Lord the said Then
sins. their visit and iniquity, their remember now will he them; accept not doth Lord the therefore feet, their refrained not have they wander, to loved they have Thus people, this unto Lord the saith Thus
not. us leave name; thy by called are we and us, of midst the in art , Lord O thou, yet save? cannot that man mighty a as astonied, man a as be thou shouldest Why
night? a for tarry to aside turneth that man wayfaring a as and land, the in stranger a as be thou shouldest why trouble, of time in thereof saviour the Israel, of hope the O
thee. against sinned have we many; are backslidings our for sake: name's thy for it thou do us, against testify iniquities our though , Lord O
grass. no was there because fail, did eyes their dragons; like wind the up snuffed they places, high the in stand did asses wild the And
grass. no was there because it, forsook and field, the in calved also hind the Yea,
heads. their covered they ashamed, were plowmen the earth, the in rain no was there for chapt, is ground the Because
heads. their covered and confounded, and ashamed were they empty; vessels their with returned they water; no found and pits, the to came they waters: the to ones little their sent have nobles their And
up. gone is Jerusalem of cry the and ground; the unto black are they languish; thereof gates the and mourneth, Judah
dearth. the concerning Jeremiah to came that Lord the of word The
be? once it shall when clean? made be not thou wilt Jerusalem! O thee, unto Woe fields. the in hills the on abominations thine and whoredom, thy of lewdness the neighings, thy and adulteries, thine seen have I
appear. may shame thy that face, thy upon skirts thy discover I will Therefore
falsehood. in trusted and me, forgotten hast thou because ; Lord the saith me, from measures thy of portion the lot, thy is This
wilderness. the of wind the by away passeth that stubble the as them scatter I will Therefore
evil. do to accustomed are that good, do also ye may then spots? his leopard the or skin, his change Ethiopian the Can
bare. made heels thy and discovered, skirts thy are iniquity thine of greatness the For me? upon things these come Wherefore heart, thine in say thou if And
travail? in woman a as thee, take sorrows not shall thee: over chief as and captains, be to them taught hast thou for thee? punish shall he when say thou wilt What
flock? beautiful thy thee, given was that flock the is where north: the from come that them behold and eyes, your up Lift
captive. away carried wholly be shall it it, of all captive away carried be shall Judah them: open shall none and up, shut be shall south the of cities The
glory. your of crown the even down, come shall principalities your for down: sit yourselves, Humble queen, the to and king the unto Say
captive. away carried is flock 's Lord the because tears, with down run and sore, weep shall eye mine and pride; your for places secret in weep shall soul my it, hear not will ye if But
darkness. gross it make and death, of shadow the into it turn he light, for look ye while and, mountains, dark the upon stumble feet your before and darkness, cause he before God, your Lord the to glory Give
spoken. hath Lord the for proud: not be ear; give and ye, Hear
them. destroy but mercy, have nor spare, nor pity, not will I : Lord the saith together, sons the and fathers the even another, against one them dash will I And
drunkenness. with Jerusalem, of inhabitants the all and prophets, the and priests, the and throne, David's upon sit that kings the even land, this of inhabitants the all fill will I Behold, , Lord the saith Thus them, unto say thou shalt Then
wine? with filled be shall bottle every that know certainly not we Do thee, unto say shall they and wine: with filled be shall bottle Every Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus word; this them unto speak shalt thou Therefore
hear. not would they but glory: a for and praise, a for and name, a for and people, a for me unto be might they that ; Lord the saith Judah, of house whole the and Israel of house whole the me unto cleave to caused I have so man, a of loins the to cleaveth girdle the as For
nothing. for good is which girdle, this as be even shall them, worship to and them, serve to gods, other after walk and heart, their of imagination the in walk which words, my hear to refuse which people, evil This
Jerusalem. of pride great the and Judah, of pride the mar I will manner this After , Lord the saith Thus
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Then
nothing. for profitable was it marred, was girdle the behold, and, it: hid had I where place the from girdle the took and digged, and Euphrates, to went I Then
there. hide to thee commanded I which thence, from girdle the take and Euphrates, to go Arise, me, unto said Lord the that days, many after pass to came it And
me. commanded Lord the as Euphrates, by it hid and went, I So
rock. the of hole a in there it hide and Euphrates, to go arise, and loins, thy upon is which got, hast thou that girdle the Take
saying, time, second the me unto came Lord the of word the And
loins. my on it put and , Lord the of word the to according girdle a got I So
water. in not it put and loins, thy upon it put and girdle, linen a thee get and Go me, unto Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the saith nation, that destroy and up pluck utterly will I obey, not will they if But
people. my of midst the in built be they shall then Baal; by swear to people my taught they as liveth; Lord The name, my by swear to people, my of ways the learn diligently will they if pass, to come shall it And
land. his to man every and heritage, his to man every again, them bring will and them, on compassion have and return, will I out them plucked have I that after pass, to come shall it And
them. among from Judah of house the out pluck and land, their of out them pluck will I Behold, inherit; to Israel people my caused have I which inheritance the touch that neighbours, evil mine all against Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the of anger fierce the of because revenues your of ashamed be shall they and profit: not shall but pain, to themselves put have they thorns: reap shall but wheat, sown have They
peace. have shall flesh no land: the of end other the to even land the of end one the from devour shall Lord the of sword the for wilderness: the through places high all upon come are spoilers The
heart. to it layeth man no because desolate, made is land whole the me; unto mourneth it desolate being and desolate, it made have They
wilderness. desolate a portion pleasant my made have they foot, under portion my trodden have they vineyard, my destroyed have pastors Many
devour. to come field, the of beasts the all assemble ye, come her; against are about round birds the bird, speckled a as me unto is heritage Mine
it. hated I have therefore me: against out crieth it forest; the in lion a as me unto is heritage Mine
enemies. her of hand the into soul my of beloved dearly the given have I heritage; mine left have I house, mine forsaken have I
thee. unto words fair speak they though not, them believe thee: after multitude a called have they yea, thee; with treacherously dealt have they even father, thy of house the and brethren, thy even For
Jordan? of swelling the in do thou wilt how then thee, wearied they trustedst, thou wherein peace, of land the in if and horses? with contend thou canst how then thee, wearied have they and footmen, the with run hast thou If
end. last our see not shall He said, they because birds; the and consumed, are beasts the therein? dwell that them of wickedness the for wither, field every of herbs the and mourn, land the shall long How
slaughter. of day the for them prepare and slaughter, the for sheep like out them pull thee: toward heart mine tried and me, seen hast thou me: knowest , Lord O thou, But
reins. their from far and mouth, their in near art thou fruit: forth bring they yea, grow, they root: taken have they yea, them, planted hast Thou
treacherously? very deal that happy they all are wherefore prosper? wicked the of way the doth Wherefore judgments: thy of thee with talk me let yet thee: with plead I when , Lord O thou, art Righteous
visitation. their of year the even Anathoth, of men the upon evil bring will I for them: of remnant no be shall there And
famine: by die shall daughters their and sons their sword; the by die shall men young the them: punish will I Behold, hosts, of Lord the saith thus Therefore
hand: our by not die thou that , Lord the of name the in not Prophesy saying, life, thy seek that Anathoth, of men the of Lord the saith thus Therefore
cause. my revealed I have thee unto for them: on vengeance thy see me let heart, the and reins the triest that righteously, judgest that hosts, of Lord O But,
remembered. more no be may name his that living, the of land the from off him cut us let and thereof, fruit the with tree the destroy us Let saying, me, against devices devised had they that not knew I and slaughter; the to brought is that ox an or lamb a like was I But
doings. their me shewedst thou then it: know I and it, of knowledge me given hath Lord the And
Baal. unto incense offering in anger to me provoke to themselves against done have they which Judah, of house the of and Israel of house the of evil the for thee, against evil pronounced hath thee, planted that hosts, of Lord the For
broken. are it of branches the and it, upon fire kindled hath he tumult great a of noise the with fruit: goodly of and fair, tree, olive green A name, thy called Lord The
rejoicest. thou then evil, doest thou when thee? from passed is flesh holy the and many, with lewdness wrought hath she seeing house, mine in do to beloved my hath What
trouble. their for me unto cry they that time the in them hear not will I for them: for prayer or cry a up lift neither people, this for thou not pray Therefore
Baal. unto incense burn to altars even thing, shameful that to altars up set ye have Jerusalem of streets the of number the to according and Judah; O gods, thy were cities thy of number the to according For
trouble. their of time the in all at them save not shall they but incense: offer they whom unto gods the unto cry and go, Jerusalem of inhabitants and Judah of cities the shall Then
them. unto hearken not will I me, unto cry shall they though and escape; to able be not shall they which them, upon evil bring will I Behold, , Lord the saith thus Therefore
fathers. their with made I which covenant my broken have Judah of house the and Israel of house the them: serve to gods other after went they and words; my hear to refused which forefathers, their of iniquities the to back turned are They
Jerusalem. of inhabitants the among and Judah, of men the among found is conspiracy A me, unto said Lord the And
not. them did they but do: to them commanded I which covenant, this of words the all them upon bring will I therefore heart: evil their of imagination the in one every walked but ear, their inclined nor not, obeyed they Yet
voice. my Obey saying, protesting, and early rising day, this unto even Egypt, of land the of out up them brought I that day the in fathers your unto protested earnestly I For
them. do and covenant, this of words the ye Hear saying, Jerusalem, of streets the in and Judah, of cities the in words these all Proclaim me, unto said Lord the Then
. Lord O it, be So said, and I, answered Then day. this is it as honey, and milk with flowing land a them give to fathers, your unto sworn have I which oath the perform may I That
God: your be will I and people, my be ye shall so you: command I which all to according them, do and voice, my Obey saying, furnace, iron the from Egypt, of land the of out forth them brought I that day the in fathers your commanded I Which
covenant, this of words the not obeyeth that man the be Cursed Israel; of God Lord the saith Thus them, unto thou say And
Jerusalem; of inhabitants the to and Judah, of men the unto speak and covenant, this of words the ye Hear
saying, Lord the from Jeremiah to came that word The
desolate. habitation his made have and him, consumed and him, devoured and Jacob, up eaten have they for name: thy on not call that families the upon and not, thee know that heathen the upon fury thy out Pour
nothing. to me bring thou lest anger, thine in not judgment; with but me, correct , Lord O
steps. his direct to walketh that man in not is it himself: in not is man of way the that know I , Lord O
dragons. of den a and desolate, Judah of cities the make to country, north the of out commotion great a and come, is bruit the of noise the Behold,
scattered. be shall flocks their all and prosper, not shall they therefore : Lord the sought not have and brutish, become are pastors the For
curtains. my up set to and more, any tent my forth stretch to none is there not: are they and me, of forth gone are children my broken: are cords my all and spoiled, is tabernacle My
it. bear must I and grief, a is this Truly said, I but grievous; is wound my hurt! my for me is Woe
so. it find may they that them, distress will and once, this at land the of inhabitants the out sling will I Behold, , Lord the saith thus For
fortress. the of inhabitant O land, the of out wares thy up Gather
name. his is hosts of Lord The inheritance: his of rod the is Israel and things; all of former the is he for them: like not is Jacob of portion The
perish. shall they visitation their of time the in errors: of work the and vanity, are They
them. in breath no is there and falsehood, is image molten his for image: graven the by confounded is founder every knowledge: his in brutish is man Every
treasures. his of out wind the forth bringeth and rain, with lightnings maketh he earth; the of ends the from ascend to vapours the causeth he and heavens, the in waters of multitude a is there voice, his uttereth he When
discretion. his by heavens the out stretched hath and wisdom, his by world the established hath he power, his by earth the made hath He
heavens. these under from and earth, the from perish shall they even earth, the and heavens the made not have that gods The them, unto say ye shall Thus
indignation. his abide to able be not shall nations the and tremble, shall earth the wrath his at king: everlasting an and God, living the is he God, true the is Lord the But
men. cunning of work the all are they clothing: their is purple and blue founder: the of hands the of and workman, the of work the Uphaz, from gold and Tarshish, from brought is plates into spread Silver
vanities. of doctrine a is stock the foolish: and brutish altogether are they But
thee. unto like none is there kingdoms, their all in and nations, the of men wise the all among as forasmuch appertain: it doth thee to for nations? of King O thee, fear not would Who
might. in great is name thy and great, art thou ; Lord O thee, unto like none is there as Forasmuch
good. do to them in it is also neither evil, do cannot they for them; of afraid not Be go. cannot they because borne, be needs must they not: speak but tree, palm the as upright are They
not. move it that hammers, with and nails with it fasten they gold; with and silver with it deck They
axe. the with workman, the of hands the of work the forest, the of out tree a cutteth one for vain: are people the of customs the For
them. at dismayed are heathen the for heaven; of signs the at dismayed not be and heathen, the of way the not Learn , Lord the saith Thus
Israel: of house O you, unto speaketh Lord the which word the ye Hear
heart. the in uncircumcised are Israel of house the all and uncircumcised, are nations these all for wilderness: the in dwell that corners, utmost the in are that all and Moab, and Ammon, of children the and Edom, and Judah, and Egypt,
uncircumcised; the with circumcised are which them all punish will I that , Lord the saith come, days the Behold,
. Lord the saith delight, I things these in for earth: the in righteousness, and judgment, lovingkindness, exercise which Lord the am I that me, knoweth and understandeth he that this, in glory glorieth that him let But
riches: his in glory man rich the not let might, his in glory man mighty the let neither wisdom, his in glory man wise the not Let , Lord the saith Thus
them. gather shall none and harvestman, the after handful the as and field, open the upon dung as fall shall men of carcases the Even , Lord the saith Thus Speak,
streets. the from men young the and without, from children the off cut to palaces, our into entered is and windows, our into up come is death For
lamentation. neighbour her one every and wailing, daughters your teach and mouth, his of word the receive ear your let and women, ye O , Lord the of word the hear Yet
out. us cast have dwellings our because land, the forsaken have we because confounded, greatly are we spoiled! we are How Zion, of out heard is wailing of voice a For
waters. with out gush eyelids our and tears, with down run may eyes our that us, for wailing a up take and haste, make them let And
come: may they that women, cunning for send and come; may they that women, mourning the for call and ye, Consider hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
them. consumed have I till them, after sword a send will I and known: have fathers their nor they neither whom heathen, the among also them scatter will I
drink. to gall of water them give and wormwood, with people, this even them, feed will I Behold, Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith thus Therefore
them: taught fathers their which Baalim, after and heart, own their of imagination the after walked have But
therein; walked neither voice, my obeyed not have and them, before set I which law my forsaken have they Because saith, Lord the And
through? passeth none that wilderness, a like up burned is and perisheth land the what for it, declare may he that spoken, hath Lord the of mouth the whom to he is who and this? understand may that man, wise the is Who
inhabitant. an without desolate, Judah of cities the make will I and dragons; of den a and heaps, Jerusalem make will I And
gone. are they fled; are beast the and heavens the of fowl the both cattle; the of voice the hear men can neither them; through pass can none that so up, burned are they because lamentation, a wilderness the of habitations the for and wailing, and weeping a up take I will mountains the For
this? as nation a such on avenged be soul my not shall : Lord the saith things? these for them visit not I Shall
wait. his layeth he heart in but mouth, his with neighbour his to peaceably speaketh one deceit: speaketh it out; shot arrow an as is tongue Their
people? my of daughter the for do I shall how for them; try and them, melt will I Behold, hosts, of Lord the saith thus Therefore
. Lord the saith me, know to refuse they deceit through deceit; of midst the in is habitation Thine
iniquity. commit to themselves weary and lies, speak to tongue their taught have they truth: the speak not will and neighbour, his one every deceive will they And
slanders. with walk will neighbour every and supplant, utterly will brother every for brother: any in not ye trust and neighbour, his of one every heed ye Take
. Lord the saith me, not know they and evil, to evil from proceed they for earth; the upon truth the for valiant not are they but lies: for bow their like tongues their bend they And
men. treacherous of assembly an adulterers, all be they for them! from go and people, my leave might I that men; wayfaring of place lodging a wilderness the in had I that Oh
people! my of daughter the of slain the for night and day weep might I that tears, of fountain a eyes mine and waters, were head my that Oh
recovered? people my of daughter the of health the not is then why there? physician no there is Gilead; in balm no there Is
me. on hold taken hath astonishment black; am I hurt; I am people my of daughter the of hurt the For
saved. not are we and ended, is summer the past, is harvest The
vanities? strange with and images, graven their with anger to me provoked they have Why her? in king her not is Zion? in Lord the not Is country: far a in dwell that them of because people my of daughter the of cry the of voice the Behold
me. in faint is heart my sorrow, against myself comfort would I When
. Lord the saith you, bite shall they and charmed, be not will which you, among cockatrices, serpents, send will I behold, For,
therein. dwell that those and city, the it; in is that all and land, the devoured have and come, are they for ones; strong his of neighing the of sound the at trembled land whole the Dan: from heard was horses his of snorting The
trouble! behold and health, of time a for and came; good no but peace, for looked We
. Lord the against sinned have we because drink, to gall of water us given and silence, to us put hath God our Lord the for there: silent be us let and cities, defenced the into enter us let and yourselves, assemble still? sit we do Why
them. from away pass shall them given have I that things the and fade; shall leaf the and tree, fig the on figs nor vine, the on grapes no be shall there : Lord the saith them, consume surely will I
. Lord the saith down, cast be shall they visitation their of time the in fall: that them among fall they shall therefore blush: they could neither ashamed, all at not were they nay, abomination? committed had they when ashamed they Were
peace. no is there when peace; Peace, saying, slightly, people my of daughter the of hurt the healed have they For
falsely. dealeth one every priest the unto even prophet the from covetousness, to given is greatest the unto even least the from one every for them: inherit shall that them to fields their and others, unto wives their give I will Therefore
them? in is wisdom what and ; Lord the of word the rejected have they lo, taken: and dismayed are they ashamed, are men wise The
vain. in is scribes the of pen the it; he made vain in certainly Lo, us? with is Lord the of law the and wise, are We say, ye do How
. Lord the of judgment the not know people my but coming; their of time the observe swallow the and crane the and turtle the and times; appointed her knoweth heaven the in stork the Yea,
battle. the into rusheth horse the as course, his to turned one every done? I have What saying, wickedness, his of him repented man no aright: not spake they but heard, and hearkened I
return. to refuse they deceit, fast hold they backsliding? perpetual a by back slidden Jerusalem of people this is then Why
return? not and away, turn he shall arise? not and fall, they Shall ; Lord the saith Thus them, unto say shalt thou Moreover
hosts. of Lord the saith them, driven have I whither places the all in remain which family, evil this of remain that them of residue the all by life than rather chosen be shall death And
earth. the of face the upon dung for be shall they buried; be nor gathered, be not shall they worshipped: have they whom and sought, have they whom and walked, have they whom after and served, have they whom and loved, have they whom heaven, of host the all and moon, the and sun, the before them spread shall they And
graves: their of out Jerusalem, of inhabitants the of bones the and prophets, the of bones the and priests, the of bones the and princes, his of bones the and Judah, of kings the of bones the out bring shall they , Lord the saith time, that At
desolate. be shall land the for bride: the of voice the and bridegroom, the of voice the gladness, of voice the and mirth, of voice the Jerusalem, of streets the from and Judah, of cities the from cease to cause I will Then
away. them fray shall none and earth; the of beasts the for and heaven, the of fowls the for meat be shall people this of carcases the And
place. no be there till Tophet, in bury shall they for slaughter: of valley the but Hinnom, of son the of valley the nor Tophet, called be more no shall it that , Lord the saith come, days the behold, Therefore,
heart. my into it came neither not, them commanded I which fire; the in daughters their and sons their burn to Hinnom, of son the of valley the in is which Tophet, of places high the built have they And
it. pollute to name, my by called is which house the in abominations their set have they : Lord the saith sight, my in evil done have Judah of children the For
wrath. his of generation the forsaken and rejected hath Lord the for places; high on lamentation a up take and away, it cast and Jerusalem, O hair, thine off Cut
mouth. their from off cut is and perished, is truth correction: receiveth nor God, their Lord the of voice the not obeyeth that nation a is This them, unto say shalt thou But
thee. answer not will they but them; unto call also shalt thou thee: to hearken not will they but them; unto words these all speak shalt thou Therefore
fathers. their than worse did they neck: their hardened but ear, their inclined nor me, unto not hearkened they Yet
them: sending and early up rising daily prophets, the servants my all you unto sent even have I day this unto Egypt of land the of out forth came fathers your that day the Since
forward. not and backward, went and heart, evil their of imagination the in and counsels the in walked but ear, their inclined nor not, hearkened they But
you. unto well be may it that you, commanded have I that ways the all in ye walk and people: my be shall ye and God, your be will I and voice, my Obey saying, them, I commanded thing this But
sacrifices: or offerings burnt concerning Egypt, of land the of out them brought I that day the in them commanded nor fathers, your unto not spake I For
flesh. eat and sacrifices, your unto offerings burnt your Put Israel; of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
quenched. be not shall and burn, shall it and ground; the of fruit the upon and field, the of trees the upon and beast, upon and man, upon place, this upon out poured be shall fury my and anger mine Behold, ; God Lord the saith thus Therefore
faces? own their of confusion the to themselves provoke not they do : Lord the saith anger? to me provoke they Do
anger. to me provoke may they that gods, other unto offerings drink out pour to and heaven, of queen the to cakes make to dough, their knead women the and fire, the kindle fathers the and wood, gather children The
Jerusalem? of streets the in and Judah of cities the in do they what not thou Seest
thee. hear not will I for me: to intercession make neither them, for prayer nor cry up lift neither people, this for thou not pray Therefore
Ephraim. of seed whole the even brethren, your all out cast have I as sight, my of out you cast will I And
Shiloh. to done have I as fathers, your to and you to gave I which place the unto and trust, ye wherein name, my by called is which house, this unto do I will Therefore
not; answered ye but you, called I and not; heard ye but speaking, and early up rising you, unto spake I and , Lord the saith works, these all done have ye because now, And
Israel. people my of wickedness the for it to did I what see and first, the at name my set I where Shiloh, in was which place my unto now ye go But
. Lord the saith it, seen have I even Behold, eyes? your in robbers of den a become name, my by called is which house, this Is
abominations? these all do to delivered are We say, and name, my by called is which house, this in me before stand and come And
not; know ye whom gods other after walk and Baal, unto incense burn and falsely, swear and adultery, commit and murder, steal, ye Will
profit. cannot that words, lying in trust ye Behold,
ever. and ever for fathers, your to gave I that land the in place, this in dwell to you cause I will Then
hurt: your to gods other after walk neither place, this in blood innocent not shed and widow, the and fatherless, the stranger, the not oppress ye If
neighbour; his and man a between judgment execute throughly ye if doings; your and ways your amend throughly ye if For
these. are , Lord the of temple The , Lord the of temple The , Lord the of temple The saying, words, lying in not ye Trust
place. this in dwell to you cause will I and doings, your and ways your Amend Israel, of God the hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the worship to gates these at in enter that Judah, of ye all , Lord the of word the Hear say, and word, this there proclaim and house, 's Lord the of gate the in Stand
saying, , Lord the from Jeremiah to came that word The
them. rejected hath Lord the because them, call men shall silver Reprobate
away. plucked not are wicked the for vain: in melteth founder the fire; the of consumed is lead the burned, are bellows The
corrupters. all are they iron; and brass are they slanders: with walking revolters, grievous all are They
way. their try and know mayest thou that people, my among fortress a and tower a for thee set have I
us. upon come suddenly shall spoiler the for lamentation: bitter most son, only an for as mourning, thee make ashes: in thyself wallow and sackcloth, with thee gird people, my of daughter O
side. every on is fear and enemy the of sword the for way; the by walk nor field, the into forth not Go
travail. in woman a of as pain, and us, of hold taken hath anguish feeble: wax hands our thereof: fame the heard have We
Zion. of daughter O thee, against war for men as array in set horses, upon ride they and sea; the like roareth voice their mercy; no have and cruel, are they spear; and bow on hold lay shall They
earth. the of sides the from raised be shall nation great a and country, north the from cometh people a Behold, , Lord the saith Thus
perish. shall friend his and neighbour the them; upon fall shall together sons the and fathers the and people, this before stumblingblocks lay will I Behold, , Lord the saith thus Therefore
me. unto sweet sacrifices your nor acceptable, not are offerings burnt your country? far a from cane sweet the and Sheba, from incense me to there cometh purpose what To
it. rejected but law, my to nor words, my unto hearkened not have they because thoughts, their of fruit the even people, this upon evil bring will I behold, earth: O Hear,
them. among is what congregation, O know, and nations, ye hear, Therefore
hearken. not will We said, they But trumpet. the of sound the to Hearken saying, you, over watchmen set I Also
therein. walk not will We said, they But souls. your for rest find shall ye and therein, walk and way, good the is where paths, old the for ask and see, and ways, the in ye Stand , Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the saith down, cast be shall they them visit I that time the at fall: that them among fall shall they therefore blush: they could neither ashamed, all at not were they nay, abomination? committed had they when ashamed they Were
peace. no is there when peace; Peace, saying, slightly, people my of daughter the of hurt the also healed have They
falsely. dealeth one every priest the unto even prophet the from and covetousness; to given is one every them of greatest the unto even them of least the from For
. Lord the saith land, the of inhabitants the upon hand my out stretch will I for together: wives and fields their with others, unto turned be shall houses their And
days. of full is that him with aged the taken, be shall wife the with husband the even for together: men young of assembly the upon and abroad, children the upon out it pour will I in: holding with weary am I ; Lord the of fury the of full am I Therefore
it. in delight no have they reproach; a them unto is Lord the of word the behold, hearken: cannot they and uncircumcised, is ear their behold, hear? may they that warning, give and speak, I shall whom To
baskets. the into grapegatherer a as hand thine back turn vine: a as Israel of remnant the glean throughly shall They hosts, of Lord the saith Thus
inhabited. not land a desolate, thee make I lest thee; from depart soul my lest Jerusalem, O instructed, thou Be
wounds. and grief is continually me before her; in heard is spoil and violence wickedness: her out casteth she so waters, her out casteth fountain a As
her. of midst the in oppression wholly is she visited; be to city the is this Jerusalem: against mount a cast and trees, down ye Hew said, hosts of Lord the hath thus For
palaces. her destroy us let and night, by go us let and Arise,
out. stretched are evening the of shadows the for away, goeth day the for us! unto Woe noon. at up go us let and arise, her; against war ye Prepare
place. his in one every feed shall they about; round her against tents their pitch shall they her; unto come shall flocks their with shepherds The
woman. delicate and comely a to Zion of daughter the likened have I
destruction. great and north, the of out appeareth evil for Bethhaccerem: in fire of sign a up set and Tekoa, in trumpet the blow and Jerusalem, of midst the of out flee to yourselves gather Benjamin, of children ye O
thereof? end the in do ye will what and so: it have to love people my and means; their by rule bear priests the and falsely, prophesy prophets The
land; the in committed is thing horrible and wonderful A
this? as nation a such on avenged be soul my not shall : Lord the saith things? these for visit not I Shall
judge. not they do needy the of right the and prosper; they yet fatherless, the of cause the cause, the not judge they wicked: the of deeds the overpass they yea, shine: they fat, waxen are They
rich. waxen and great, become are they therefore deceit: of full houses their are so birds, of full is cage a As
men. catch they trap, a set they snares; setteth that he as wait, lay they men: wicked found are people my among For
you. from things good withholden have sins your and things, these away turned have iniquities Your
harvest. the of weeks appointed the us unto reserveth he season: his in latter, the and former the both rain, giveth that God, our Lord the fear now us Let heart, their in they say Neither
gone. and revolted are they heart; rebellious a and revolting a hath people this But
it? over pass not they can yet roar, they though prevail; not they can yet themselves, toss thereof waves the though and it: pass cannot it that decree, perpetual a by sea the of bound the for sand the placed have which presence, my at tremble not ye will : Lord the saith me? not ye Fear
not: hear and ears, have which not; see and eyes, have which understanding; without and people, foolish O this, now Hear
saying, Judah, in it publish and Jacob, of house the in this Declare
your's. not is that land a in strangers serve ye shall so land, your in gods strange served and me, forsaken have ye as Like them, answer thou shalt then us? unto things these all God our Lord the doeth Wherefore say, shall ye when pass, to come shall it And
you. with end full a make not will I , Lord the saith days, those in Nevertheless
sword. the with trustedst, thou wherein cities, fenced thy impoverish shall they trees: fig thy and vines thy up eat shall they herds: thine and flocks thy up eat shall they eat: should daughters thy and sons thy which bread, thy and harvest, thine up eat shall they And
men. mighty all are they sepulchre, open an as is quiver Their
say. they what understandest neither not, knowest thou language whose nation a nation, ancient an is it nation, mighty a is it : Lord the saith Israel, of house O far, from you upon nation a bring will I Lo,
them. devour shall it and wood, people this and fire, mouth thy in words my make will I behold, word, this speak ye Because hosts, of God Lord the saith thus Wherefore
them. unto done be it shall thus them: in not is word the and wind, become shall prophets the And
famine: nor sword see we shall neither us; upon come evil shall neither he; not is It said, and , Lord the belied have They
. Lord the saith me, against treacherously very dealt have Judah of house the and Israel of house the For
's. Lord the not are they for battlements; her away take end: full a not make but destroy; and walls, her upon up ye Go
this? as nation a such on avenged be soul my not shall and : Lord the saith things? these for visit not I Shall
wife. neighbour's his after neighed one every morning: the in horses fed as were They
houses. harlots' the in troops by themselves assembled and adultery, committed then they full, the to them fed had I when gods: no are that them by sworn and me, forsaken have children thy this? for thee pardon I shall How
increased. are backslidings their and many, are transgressions their because pieces: in torn be shall thence out goeth that one every cities: their over watch shall leopard a them, spoil shall evenings the of wolf a and them, slay shall forest the of out lion a Wherefore
bonds. the burst and yoke, the broken altogether have these but God: their of judgment the and , Lord the of way the known have they for them; unto speak will and men, great the unto me get will I
God. their of judgment the nor , Lord the of way the not know they for foolish: are they poor; are these Surely said, I Therefore
return. to refused have they rock; a than harder faces their made have they correction: receive to refused have they but them, consumed hast thou grieved; not have they but them, stricken hast thou truth? the upon eyes thine not are , Lord O
falsely. swear they surely liveth; Lord The say, they though And
it. pardon will I and truth; the seeketh that judgment, executeth that any be there if man, a find can ye if thereof, places broad the in seek and know, and now, see and Jerusalem, of streets the through fro and to ye Run
murderers. of because wearied is soul my for now! me is Woe saying, hands, her spreadeth that herself, bewaileth that Zion, of daughter the of voice the child, first her forth bringeth that her of as anguish the and travail, in woman a of as voice a heard have I For
life. thy seek will they thee, despise will lovers thy fair; thyself make thou shalt vain in painting, with face thy rentest thou though gold, of ornaments with thee deckest thou though crimson, with thyself clothest thou Though do? thou wilt what spoiled, art thou when And
therein. dwell man a not and forsaken, be shall city every rocks: the upon up climb and thickets, into go shall they bowmen; and horsemen the of noise the for flee shall city whole The
it. from back turn I will neither repent, not will and it, purposed have I it, spoken have I because black; be above heavens the and mourn, earth the shall this For
end. full a make not I will yet desolate; be shall land whole The said, Lord the hath thus For
anger. fierce his by and , Lord the of presence the at down broken were thereof cities the all and wilderness, a was place fruitful the lo, and, beheld, I
fled. were heavens the of birds the all and man, no was there lo, and, beheld, I
lightly. moved hills the all and trembled, they lo, and, mountains, the beheld I
light. no had they and heavens, the and void; and form, without was it lo, and, earth, the beheld I
knowledge. no have they good do to but evil, do to wise are they understanding: none have they and children, sottish are they me; known not have they foolish, is people my For
trumpet? the of sound the hear and standard, the see I shall long How
moment. a in curtains my and spoiled, tents my are suddenly spoiled: is land whole the for cried; is destruction upon Destruction
war. of alarm the trumpet, the of sound the soul, my O heard, hast thou because peace, my hold cannot I me; in noise a maketh heart my heart; very my at pained am I bowels! my bowels, My
heart. thine unto reacheth it because bitter, is it because wickedness, thy is this thee; unto things these procured have doings thy and way Thy
. Lord the saith me, against rebellious been hath she because about; round her against they are field, a of keepers As
Judah. of cities the against voice their out give and country, far a from come watchers that Jerusalem, against publish behold, nations; the to mention ye Make
Ephraim. mount from affliction publisheth and Dan, from declareth voice a For
thee? within lodge thoughts vain thy shall long How saved. be mayest thou that wickedness, from heart thine wash Jerusalem, O
spoiled. are we for us! unto Woe eagles. than swifter are horses his whirlwind: a as be shall chariots his and clouds, as up come shall he Behold,
them. against sentence give I will also now me: unto come shall places those from wind full a Even
cleanse, to nor fan, to not people, my of daughter the toward wilderness the in places high the of wind dry A Jerusalem, to and people this to said be it shall time that At
soul. the unto reacheth sword the whereas peace; have shall Ye saying, Jerusalem, and people this deceived greatly hast thou surely ! God Lord Ah, I, said Then
wonder. shall prophets the and astonished, be shall priests the and princes; the of heart the and perish, shall king the of heart the that , Lord the saith day, that at pass to come shall it And
us. from back turned not is Lord the of anger fierce the for howl: and lament sackcloth, with you gird this For
inhabitant. an without waste, laid be shall cities thy and desolate; land thy make to place his from forth gone is he way; his on is Gentiles the of destroyer the and thicket, his from up come is lion The
destruction. great a and north, the from evil bring will I for not: stay retire, Zion: toward standard the up Set
cities. defenced the into go us let and yourselves, Assemble say, and together, gather cry, land: the in trumpet the ye Blow say, and Jerusalem; in publish and Judah, in ye Declare
doings. your of evil the of because it, quench can none that burn and fire, like forth come fury my lest Jerusalem: of inhabitants and Judah of men ye heart, your of foreskins the away take and , Lord the to yourselves Circumcise
thorns. among not sow and ground, fallow your up Break Jerusalem, and Judah of men the to Lord the saith thus For
glory. they shall him in and him, in themselves bless shall nations the and righteousness; in and judgment, in truth, in liveth, Lord The swear, shalt thou And
remove. not thou shalt then sight, my of out abominations thine away put wilt thou if and me: unto return , Lord the saith Israel, O return, wilt thou If
God. our Lord the of voice the obeyed not have and day, this unto even youth our from fathers, our and we God, our Lord the against sinned have we for us: covereth confusion our and shame, our in down lie We
daughters. their and sons their herds, their and flocks their youth; our from fathers our of labour the devoured hath shame For
Israel. of salvation the is God our Lord the in truly mountains: of multitude the from and hills, the from for hoped salvation is vain in Truly
God. our Lord the art thou for thee; unto come we Behold, backslidings. your heal will I and children, backsliding ye Return,
God. their Lord the forgotten have they and way, their perverted have they for Israel: of children the of supplications and weeping places, high the upon heard was voice A
. Lord the saith Israel, of house O me, with treacherously dealt ye have so husband, her from departeth treacherously wife a as Surely
me. from away turn not shalt and father; My me, call shalt Thou said, I and nations? of hosts the of heritage goodly a land, pleasant a thee give and children, the among thee put I shall How said, I But
fathers. your unto inheritance an for given have I that land the to north the of land the of out together come shall they and Israel, of house the with walk shall Judah of house the days those In
heart. evil their of imagination the after more any walk they shall neither Jerusalem: to , Lord the of name the to it, unto gathered be shall nations the all and ; Lord the of throne the Jerusalem call shall they time that At
more. any done be that shall neither it; visit they shall neither it; remember they shall neither mind: to come it shall neither : Lord the of covenant the of ark The more, no say shall they , Lord the saith days, those in land, the in increased and multiplied be ye when pass, to come shall it And
understanding. and knowledge with you feed shall which heart, mine to according pastors you give will I And
Zion: to you bring will I and family, a of two and city, a of one you take will I and you: unto married am I for ; Lord the saith children, backsliding O Turn,
. Lord the saith voice, my obeyed not have ye and tree, green every under strangers the to ways thy scattered hast and God, thy Lord the against transgressed hast thou that iniquity, thine acknowledge Only
ever. for anger keep not will I and , Lord the saith merciful, am I for you: upon fall to anger mine cause not will I and ; Lord the saith Israel, backsliding thou Return, say, and north, the toward words these proclaim and Go
Judah. treacherous than more herself justified hath Israel backsliding The me, unto said Lord the And
. Lord the saith feignedly, but heart, whole her with me unto turned not hath Judah sister treacherous her this all for yet And
stocks. with and stones with adultery committed and land, the defiled she that whoredom, her of lightness the through pass to came it And
also. harlot the played and went but not, feared Judah sister treacherous her yet divorce; of bill a her given and away, her put had I adultery committed Israel backsliding whereby causes the all for when saw, I And
it. saw Judah sister treacherous her And not. returned she But me. unto thou Turn things, these all done had she after said I And
harlot. the played hath there and tree, green every under and mountain high every upon up gone is she done? hath Israel backsliding which that seen thou Hast king, the Josiah of days the in me unto also said Lord The
couldest. thou as things evil done and spoken hast thou Behold, end? the to it keep he will ever? for anger his reserve he Will
youth? my of guide the art thou father, My me, unto cry time this from not thou Wilt
ashamed. be to refusedst thou forehead, whore's a hadst thou and rain; latter no been hath there and withholden, been have showers the Therefore
wickedness. thy with and whoredoms thy with land the polluted hast thou and wilderness; the in Arabian the as them, for sat thou hast ways the In with. lien been not hast thou where see and places, high the unto eyes thine up Lift
. Lord the saith me, to again return yet lovers; many with harlot the played hast thou but polluted? greatly be land that not shall again? her unto return he shall man's, another become and him, from go she and wife, his away put man a If say, They
them. in prosper not shalt thou and confidences, thy rejected hath Lord the for head: thine upon hands thine and him, from forth go shalt thou Yea,
Assyria. of ashamed wast thou as Egypt, of ashamed be shalt also thou way? thy change to much so about thou gaddest Why
sinned. not have I sayest, thou because thee, with plead will I Behold, me. from turn shall anger his surely innocent, am I Because sayest, thou Yet
these. all upon but search, secret by it found not have I innocents: poor the of souls the of blood the found is skirts thy in Also
ways. thy ones wicked the taught also thou hast therefore love? seek to way thy thou trimmest Why
number. without days me forgotten have people my yet attire? her bride a or ornaments, her forget maid a Can
thee? unto more no come will we lords; are We people, my say wherefore darkness? of land a Israel? unto wilderness a been I Have . Lord the of word the ye see generation, O
lion. destroying a like prophets, your devoured hath sword own your correction: no received they children; your smitten I have vain In
. Lord the saith me, against transgressed have all ye me? with plead ye will Wherefore
Judah. O gods, thy are cities thy of number the to according for trouble: thy of time the in thee save can they if arise, them let thee? made hast thou that gods thy are where But
us. save and Arise, say, will they trouble their of time the in but face: their not and me, unto back their turned have they for forth: me brought hast Thou stone, a to and father; my art Thou stock, a to Saying
prophets. their and priests, their and princes, their kings, their they, ashamed; Israel of house the is so found, is he when ashamed is thief the As
go. I will them after and strangers, loved have I for no; hope: no is There saidst, thou but thirst: from throat thy and unshod, being from foot thy Withhold
her. find shall they month her in themselves; weary not will her seek that they all away? her turn can who occasion her in pleasure; her at wind the up snuffeth that wilderness, the to used ass wild A
ways; her traversing dromedary swift a art thou done: hast thou what know valley, the in way thy see Baalim? after gone not have I polluted, not am I say, thou canst How
. God Lord the saith me, before marked is iniquity thine yet soap, much thee take and nitre, with thee wash thou though For
me? unto vine strange a of plant degenerate the into turned thou art then how seed: right a wholly vine, noble a thee planted had I Yet
harlot. the playing wanderest, thou tree green every under and hill high every upon when transgress; not will I saidst, thou and bands; thy burst and yoke, thy broken have I time old of For
hosts. of God Lord the saith thee, in not is fear my that and God, thy Lord the forsaken hast thou that bitter, and thing evil an is it that see and therefore know thee: reprove shall backslidings thy and thee, correct shall wickedness own Thine
river? the of waters the drink to Assyria, of way the in do to thou hast what or Sihor? of waters the drink to Egypt, of way the in do to thou hast what now And
way? the by thee led he when God, thy Lord the forsaken hast thou that in thyself, unto this procured not thou Hast
head. thy of crown the broken have Tahapanes and Noph of children the Also
inhabitant. without burned are cities his waste: land his made they and yelled, and him, upon roared lions young The
spoiled? he is why slave? homeborn a he is servant? a Israel Is
water. no hold can that cisterns, broken cisterns, out them hewed and waters, living of fountain the me forsaken have they evils; two committed have people my For
. Lord the saith desolate, very ye be afraid, horribly be and this, at heavens, ye O astonished, Be
profit. not doth which that for glory their changed have people my but gods? no yet are which gods, their changed nation a Hath
thing. a such be there if see and diligently, consider and Kedar, unto send and see; and Chittim, of isles the over pass For
plead. I will children children's your with and , Lord the saith you, with plead yet will I Wherefore
profit. not do that things after walked and Baal, by prophesied prophets the and me, against transgressed also pastors the not: me knew law the handle that they and ? Lord the is Where not, said priests The
abomination. an heritage mine made and land, my defiled ye entered, ye when but thereof; goodness the and thereof fruit the eat to country, plentiful a into you brought I And
dwelt? man no where and through, passed man no that land a through death, of shadow the of and drought, of land a through pits, of and deserts of land a through wilderness, the through us led that Egypt, of land the of out up us brought that Lord the is Where they, said Neither
vain? become are and vanity, after walked have and me, from far gone are they that me, in found fathers your have iniquity What , Lord the saith Thus
Israel: of house the of families the all and Jacob, of house O , Lord the of word the ye Hear
. Lord the saith them, upon come shall evil offend; shall him devour that all increase: his of firstfruits the and , Lord the unto holiness was Israel
sown. not was that land a in wilderness, the in me after wentest thou when espousals, thine of love the youth, thy of kindness the thee, remember I ; Lord the saith Thus saying, Jerusalem, of ears the in cry and Go
saying, me, to came Lord the of word the Moreover
thee. deliver to , Lord the saith thee, with am I for thee; against prevail not shall they but thee; against fight shall they And
land. the of people the against and thereof, priests the against thereof, princes the against Judah, of kings the against land, whole the against walls brasen and pillar, iron an and city, defenced a day this thee made have I behold, For,
them. before thee confound I lest faces, their at dismayed not be thee: command I that all them unto speak and arise, and loins, thy up gird therefore Thou
hands. own their of works the worshipped and gods, other unto incense burned have and me, forsaken have who wickedness, their all touching them against judgments my utter will I And
Judah. of cities the all against and about, round thereof walls the all against and Jerusalem, of gates the of entering the at throne his one every set shall they and come, shall they and ; Lord the saith north, the of kingdoms the of families the all call will I lo, For,
land. the of inhabitants the all upon forth break shall evil an north the of Out me, unto said Lord the Then
north. the toward is thereof face the and pot; seething a see I said, I And thou? seest What saying, time, second the me unto came Lord the of word the And
it. perform to word my hasten will I for seen: well hast Thou me, unto Lord the said Then
tree. almond an of rod a see I said, I And thou? seest what Jeremiah, saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Moreover
plant. to and build, to down, throw to and destroy, to and down, pull to and out, root to kingdoms, the over and nations the over thee set day this have I See,
mouth. thy in words my put have I Behold, me, unto said Lord the And mouth. my touched and hand, his forth put Lord the Then
. Lord the saith thee, deliver to thee with am I for faces: their of afraid not Be
speak. shalt thou thee command I whatsoever and thee, send shall I that all to go shalt thou for child: a am I not, Say me, unto said Lord the But
child. a am I for speak: cannot I behold, ! God Lord Ah, I, said Then
nations. the unto prophet a thee ordained I and thee, sanctified I womb the of out forth camest thou before and thee; knew I belly the in thee formed I Before
saying, me, unto came Lord the of word the Then
month. fifth the in captive Jerusalem of away carrying the unto Judah, of king Josiah of son the Zedekiah of year eleventh the of end the unto Judah, of king Josiah of son the Jehoiakim of days the in also came It
reign. his of year thirteenth the in Judah, of king Amon of son the Josiah of days the in came Lord the of word the whom To
Benjamin: of land the in Anathoth in were that priests the of Hilkiah, of son the Jeremiah of words The
Jeremiah
flesh. all unto abhorring an be shall they and quenched; be fire their shall neither die, not shall worm their for me: against transgressed have that men the of carcases the upon look and forth, go shall they And
. Lord the saith me, before worship to come flesh all shall another, to sabbath one from and another, to moon new one from that pass, to come shall it And
remain. name your and seed your shall so , Lord the saith me, before remain shall make, will I which earth, new the and heavens new the as For
. Lord the saith Levites, for and priests for them of take also will I And
. Lord the of house the into vessel clean a in offering an bring Israel of children the as , Lord the saith Jerusalem, mountain holy my to beasts, swift upon and mules, upon and litters, in and chariots, in and horses, upon nations all of out Lord the unto offering an for brethren your all bring shall they And
Gentiles. the among glory my declare shall they and glory; my seen have neither fame, my heard not have that off, afar isles the to Javan, and Tubal, to bow, the draw that Lud, and Pul, Tarshish, to nations, the unto them of escape that those send will I and them, among sign a set will I And
glory. my see and come, shall they and tongues; and nations all gather will I that come, shall it thoughts: their and works their know I For
. Lord the saith together, consumed be shall mouse, the and abomination, the and flesh, swine's eating midst, the in tree one behind gardens the in themselves purify and themselves, sanctify that They
many. be shall Lord the of slain the and flesh: all with plead Lord the will sword his by and fire by For
fire. of flames with rebuke his and fury, with anger his render to whirlwind, a like chariots his with and fire, with come will Lord the behold, For,
enemies. his toward indignation his and servants, his toward known be shall Lord the of hand the and herb: an like flourish shall bones your and rejoice, shall heart your this, see ye when And
Jerusalem. in comforted be shall ye and you; comfort I will so comforteth, mother his whom one As
knees. her upon dandled be and sides, her upon borne be shall ye suck, ye shall then stream: flowing a like Gentiles the of glory the and river, a like her to peace extend will I Behold, , Lord the saith thus For
glory. her of abundance the with delighted be and out, milk may ye that consolations; her of breasts the with satisfied be and suck, may ye That
her: for mourn that ye all her, with joy for rejoice her: love that ye all her, with glad be and Jerusalem, with ye Rejoice
God. thy saith womb? the shut and forth, bring to cause I shall : Lord the saith forth? bring to cause not and birth, the to bring I Shall
children. her forth brought she travailed, Zion as soon as for once? at born be nation a shall or day? one in forth bring to made be earth the Shall things? such seen hath who thing? a such heard hath Who
child. man a of delivered was she came, pain her before forth; brought she travailed, she Before
enemies. his to recompence rendereth that Lord the of voice a temple, the from voice a city, the from noise of voice A
ashamed. be shall they and joy, your to appear shall he but glorified: be Lord the Let said, sake, name's my for out you cast that you, hated that brethren Your word; his at tremble that ye , Lord the of word the Hear
not. delighted I which in that chose and eyes, mine before evil did they but hear: not did they spake, I when answer; did none called, I when because them; upon fears their bring will and delusions, their choose will also I
abominations. their in delighteth soul their and ways, own their chosen have they Yea, idol. an blessed he if as incense, burneth that he blood; swine's offered he if as oblation, an offereth that he neck; dog's a off cut he if as lamb, a sacrificeth that he man; a slew he if as is ox an killeth that He
word. my at trembleth and spirit, contrite a of and poor is that him to even look, I will man this to but : Lord the saith been, have things those all and made, hand mine hath things those all For
rest? my of place the is where and me? unto build ye that house the is where footstool: my is earth the and throne, my is heaven The , Lord the saith Thus
. Lord the saith mountain, holy my all in destroy nor hurt not shall They meat. serpent's the be shall dust and bullock: the like straw eat shall lion the and together, feed shall lamb the and wolf The
hear. will I speaking, yet are they while and answer; will I call, they before that pass, to come shall it And
them. with offspring their and , Lord the of blessed the of seed the are they for trouble; for forth bring nor vain, in labour not shall They
hands. their of work the enjoy long shall elect mine and people, my of days the are tree a of days the as for eat: another and plant, not shall they inhabit; another and build, not shall They
them. of fruit the eat and vineyards, plant shall they and them; inhabit and houses, build shall they And
accursed. be shall old years hundred an being sinner the but old; years hundred an die shall child the for days: his filled not hath that man old an nor days, of infant an thence more no be shall There
crying. of voice the nor her, in heard more no be shall weeping of voice the and people: my in joy and Jerusalem, in rejoice will I And
joy. a people her and rejoicing, a Jerusalem create I behold, for, create: I which that in ever for rejoice and glad ye be But
mind. into come nor remembered, be not shall former the and earth: new a and heavens new create I behold, For,
eyes. mine from hid are they because and forgotten, are troubles former the because truth; of God the by swear shall earth the in sweareth that he and truth; of God the in himself bless shall earth the in himself blesseth who he That
name: another by servants his call and thee, slay shall God Lord the for chosen: my unto curse a for name your leave shall ye And
spirit. of vexation for howl shall and heart, of sorrow for cry shall ye but heart, of joy for sing shall servants my Behold,
ashamed: be shall ye but rejoice, shall servants my behold, thirsty: be shall ye but drink, shall servants my behold, hungry: be shall ye but eat, shall servants my Behold, , God Lord the saith thus Therefore
not. delighted I wherein that choose did and eyes, mine before evil did but hear; not did ye spake, I when answer; not did ye called, I when because slaughter: the to down bow all shall ye and sword, the to you number I will Therefore
number. that unto offering drink the furnish that and troop, that for table a prepare that mountain, holy my forget that , Lord the forsake that they are ye But
me. sought have that people my for in, down lie to herds the for place a Achor of valley the and flocks, of fold a be shall Sharon And
there. dwell shall servants my and it, inherit shall elect mine and mountains: my of inheritor an Judah of out and Jacob, of out seed a forth bring will I And
all. them destroy not may I that sakes, servants' my for do I will so it: in is blessing a for not; it Destroy saith, one and cluster, the in found is wine new the As , Lord the saith Thus
bosom. their into work former their measure I will therefore hills: the upon me blasphemed and mountains, the upon incense burned have which , Lord the saith together, fathers your of iniquities the and iniquities, Your
bosom, their into recompense even recompense, will but silence, keep not will I me: before written is it Behold,
day. the all burneth that fire a nose, my in smoke a are These thou. than holier am I for me; to near not come thyself, by Stand say, Which
vessels; their in is things abominable of broth and flesh, swine's eat which monuments, the in lodge and graves, the among remain Which
brick; of altars upon incense burneth and gardens, in sacrificeth that face; my to continually anger to me provoketh that people A
thoughts; own their after good, not was that way a in walketh which people, rebellious a unto day the all hands my out spread have I
name. my by called not was that nation a unto me, behold me, Behold said, I not: me sought that them of found am I me; for not asked that them of sought am I
sore? very us afflict and peace, thy hold thou wilt ? Lord O things, these for thyself refrain thou Wilt
waste. laid are things pleasant our all and fire: with up burned is thee, praised fathers our where house, beautiful our and holy Our
desolation. a Jerusalem wilderness, a is Zion wilderness, a are cities holy Thy
people. thy all are we thee, beseech we see, behold, ever: for iniquity remember neither , Lord O sore, very wroth not Be
hand. thy of work the are all we and potter; our thou and clay, the are we father; our art thou , Lord O now, But
iniquities. our of because us, consumed hast and us, from face thy hid hast thou for thee: of hold take to himself up stirreth that name, thy upon calleth that none is there And
away. us taken have wind, the like iniquities, our and leaf; a as fade do all we and rags; filthy as are righteousnesses our all and thing, unclean an as all are we But
saved. be shall we and continuance, is those in sinned: have we for wroth; art thou behold, ways: thy in thee remember that those righteousness, worketh and rejoiceth that him meetest Thou
him. for waiteth that him for prepared hath he what thee, beside God, O seen, eye the hath neither ear, the by perceived nor heard, not have men world the of beginning the since For
presence. thy at down flowed mountains the down, camest thou for, not looked we which things terrible didst thou When
presence! thy at tremble may nations the that adversaries, thine to known name thy make to boil, to waters the causeth fire the burneth, fire melting the when As
presence, thy at down flow might mountains the that down, come wouldest thou that heavens, the rend wouldest thou that Oh
name. thy by called not were they them; over rule barest never thou thine: are We
sanctuary. thy down trodden have adversaries our while: little a but it possessed have holiness thy of people The
inheritance. thine of tribes the sake, servants' thy for Return fear? thy from heart our hardened and ways, thy from err to us made thou hast why , Lord O
everlasting. from is name thy redeemer; our father, our art , Lord O thou, not: us acknowledge Israel and us, of ignorant be Abraham though father, our art thou Doubtless
restrained? they are me? toward mercies thy of and bowels thy of sounding the strength, thy and zeal thy is where glory: thy of and holiness thy of habitation the from behold and heaven, from down Look
name. glorious a thyself make to people, thy lead thou didst so rest: to him caused Lord the of Spirit the valley, the into down goeth beast a As
stumble? not should they that wilderness, the in horse an as deep, the through them led That
name? everlasting an himself make to them, before water the dividing arm, glorious his with Moses of hand right the by them led That
him? within Spirit holy his put that he is where flock? his of shepherd the with sea the of out up them brought that he is Where saying, people, his and Moses, old, of days the remembered he Then
them. against fought he and enemy, their be to turned was he therefore Spirit: holy his vexed and rebelled, they But
old. of days the all them carried and them, bare he and them; redeemed he pity his in and love his in them: saved presence his of angel the and afflicted, was he affliction their all In
Saviour. their was he so lie: not will that children people, my are they Surely said, he For
lovingkindnesses. his of multitude the to according and mercies, his to according them on bestowed hath he which Israel, of house the toward goodness great the and us, on bestowed hath Lord the that all to according , Lord the of praises the and , Lord the of lovingkindnesses the mention will I
earth. the to strength their down bring will I and fury, my in drunk them make and anger, mine in people the down tread will I And
me. upheld it fury, my and me; unto salvation brought arm own mine therefore uphold: to none was there that wondered I and help; to none was there and looked, I And
come. is redeemed my of year the and heart, mine in is vengeance of day the For
raiment. my all stain will I and garments, my upon sprinkled be shall blood their and fury; my in them trample and anger, mine in them tread will I for me: with none was there people the of and alone; winepress the trodden have I
winefat? the in treadeth that him like garments thy and apparel, thine in red thou art Wherefore
save. to mighty righteousness, in speak that I strength? his of greatness the in travelling apparel, his in glorious is that this Bozrah? from garments dyed with Edom, from cometh that this is Who
forsaken. not city A out, Sought called, be shalt thou and : Lord the of redeemed The people, holy The them, call shall they And
him. before work his and him, with is reward his behold, cometh; salvation thy Behold, Zion, of daughter the to ye Say world, the of end the unto proclaimed hath Lord the Behold,
people. the for standard a up lift stones; the out gather highway; the up cast up, cast people; the of way the ye prepare gates; the through go through, Go
holiness. my of courts the in it drink shall together it brought have that they and ; Lord the praise and it, eat shall it gathered have that they But
laboured: hast thou which the for wine, thy drink not shall stranger the of sons the and enemies; thine for meat be to corn thy give more no will I Surely strength, his of arm the by and hand, right his by sworn hath Lord The
earth. the in praise a Jerusalem make he till and establish, he till rest, no him give And
silence, not keep , Lord the of mention make that ye night: nor day peace their hold never shall which Jerusalem, O walls, thy upon watchmen set have I
thee. over rejoice God thy shall so bride, the over rejoiceth bridegroom the as and thee: marry sons thy shall so virgin, a marrieth man young a as For
married. be shall land thy and thee, in delighteth Lord the for Beulah: land thy and Hephzibah, called be shalt thou but Desolate: termed be more any land thy shall neither Forsaken; termed be more no shalt Thou
God. thy of hand the in diadem royal a and , Lord the of hand the in glory of crown a be also shalt Thou
name. shall Lord the of mouth the which name, new a by called be shalt thou and glory: thy kings all and righteousness, thy see shall Gentiles the And
burneth. that lamp a as thereof salvation the and brightness, as forth go thereof righteousness the until rest, not will I sake Jerusalem's for and peace, my hold not I will sake Zion's For
nations. the all before forth spring to praise and righteousness cause will God Lord the so forth; spring to it in sown are that things the causeth garden the as and bud, her forth bringeth earth the as For
jewels. her with herself adorneth bride a as and ornaments, with himself decketh bridegroom a as righteousness, of robe the with me covered hath he salvation, of garments the with me clothed hath he for God; my in joyful be shall soul my , Lord the in rejoice greatly will I
blessed. hath Lord the which seed the are they that them, acknowledge shall them see that all people: the among offspring their and Gentiles, the among known be shall seed their And
them. with covenant everlasting an make will I and truth, in work their direct will I and offering; burnt for robbery hate I judgment, love Lord the I For
them. unto be shall joy everlasting double: the possess shall they land their in therefore portion: their in rejoice shall they confusion for and double; have shall ye shame your For
yourselves. boast ye shall glory their in and Gentiles, the of riches the eat shall ye God: our of Ministers the you call shall men : Lord the of Priests the named be shall ye But
vinedressers. your and plowmen your be shall alien the of sons the and flocks, your feed and stand shall strangers And
generations. many of desolations the cities, waste the repair shall they and desolations, former the up raise shall they wastes, old the build shall they And
glorified. be might he that , Lord the of planting the righteousness, of trees called be might they that heaviness; of spirit the for praise of garment the mourning, for joy of oil the ashes, for beauty them unto give to Zion, in mourn that them unto appoint To
mourn; that all comfort to God; our of vengeance of day the and , Lord the of year acceptable the proclaim To
bound; are that them to prison the of opening the and captives, the to liberty proclaim to brokenhearted, the up bind to me sent hath he meek; the unto tidings good preach to me anointed hath Lord the because me; upon is God Lord the of Spirit The
time. his in it hasten will Lord the I nation: strong a one small a and thousand, a become shall one little A
glorified. be may I that hands, my of work the planting, my of branch the ever, for land the inherit shall they righteous: all be shall also people Thy
ended. be shall mourning thy of days the and light, everlasting thine be shall Lord the for itself: withdraw moon thy shall neither down; go more no shall sun Thy
glory. thy God thy and light, everlasting an thee unto be shall Lord the but thee: unto light give moon the shall brightness for neither day; by light thy more no be shall sun The
Praise. gates thy and Salvation, walls thy call shalt thou but borders; thy within destruction nor wasting land, thy in heard be more no shall Violence
righteousness. exactors thine and peace, officers thy make also will I iron: stones for and brass, wood for and silver, bring will I iron for and gold, bring will I brass For
Jacob. of One mighty the Redeemer, thy and Saviour thy am Lord the I that know shalt thou and kings: of breast the suck shalt and Gentiles, the of milk the suck also shalt Thou
generations. many of joy a excellency, eternal an thee make will I thee, through went man no that so hated, and forsaken been has thou Whereas
Israel. of One Holy the of Zion The , Lord the of city The thee; call shall they and feet; thy of soles the at down themselves bow shall thee despised that they all and thee; unto bending come shall thee afflicted that them of also sons The
glorious. feet my of place the make will I and sanctuary; my of place the beautify to together, box the and tree, pine the tree, fir the thee, unto come shall Lebanon of glory The
wasted. utterly be shall nations those yea, perish; shall thee serve not will that kingdom and nation the For
brought. be may kings their that and Gentiles, the of forces the thee unto bring may men that night; nor day shut be not shall they continually; open be shall gates thy Therefore
thee. on mercy had I have favour my in but thee, smote I wrath my in for thee: unto minister shall kings their and walls, thy up build shall strangers of sons the And
thee. glorified hath he because Israel, of One Holy the to and God, thy Lord the of name the unto them, with gold their and silver their far, from sons thy bring to first, Tarshish of ships the and me, for wait shall isles the Surely
windows? their to doves the as and cloud, a as fly that these are Who
glory. my of house the glorify will I and altar, mine on acceptance with up come shall they thee: unto minister shall Nebaioth of rams the thee, unto together gathered be shall Kedar of flocks the All
. Lord the of praises the forth shew shall they and incense; and gold bring shall they come: shall Sheba from they all Ephah; and Midian of dromedaries the thee, cover shall camels of multitude The
thee. unto come shall Gentiles the of forces the thee, unto converted be shall sea the of abundance the because enlarged; be and fear, shall heart thine and together, flow and see, shalt thou Then
side. thy at nursed be shall daughters thy and far, from come shall sons thy thee: to come they together, themselves gather they all see: and about, round eyes thine up Lift
rising. thy of brightness the to kings and light, thy to come shall Gentiles the And
thee. upon seen be shall glory his and thee, upon arise shall Lord the but people: the darkness gross and earth, the cover shall darkness the behold, For,
thee. upon risen is Lord the of glory the and come, is light thy for shine; Arise,
ever. for and henceforth from , Lord the saith seed, seed's thy of mouth the of out nor seed, thy of mouth the of out nor mouth, thy of out depart not shall mouth, thy in put have I which words my and thee, upon is that spirit My ; Lord the saith them, with covenant my is this me, for As
. Lord the saith Jacob, in transgression from turn that them unto and Zion, to come shall Redeemer the And
him. against standard a up lift shall Lord the of Spirit the flood, a like in come shall enemy the When sun. the of rising the from glory his and west, the from Lord the of name the fear they shall So
recompence. repay will he islands the to enemies; his to recompence adversaries, his to fury repay, will he accordingly deeds, their to According
cloak. a as zeal with clad was and clothing, for vengeance of garments the on put he and head; his upon salvation of helmet an and breastplate, a as righteousness on put he For
him. sustained it righteousness, his and him; unto salvation brought arm his therefore intercessor: no was there that wondered and man, no was there that saw he And
judgment. no was there that him displeased it and it, saw Lord the and prey: a himself maketh evil from departeth that he and faileth; truth Yea,
enter. cannot equity and street, the in fallen is truth for off: afar standeth justice and backward, away turned is judgment And
falsehood. of words heart the from uttering and conceiving revolt, and oppression speaking God, our from away departing and , Lord the against lying and transgressing In
them; know we iniquities, our for as and us; with are transgressions our for us: against testify sins our and thee, before multiplied are transgressions our For
us. from off far is it but salvation, for none; is there but judgment, for look we doves: like sore mourn and bears, like all roar We
men. dead as places desolate in are we night; the in as day noon at stumble we eyes: no had we if as grope we and blind, the like wall the for grope We
darkness. in walk we but brightness, for obscurity; behold but light, for wait we us: overtake justice doth neither us, from far judgment is Therefore
peace. know not shall therein goeth whosoever paths: crooked them made have they goings: their in judgment no is there and not; know they peace of way The
paths. their in are destruction and wasting iniquity; of thoughts are thoughts their blood: innocent shed to haste make they and evil, to run feet Their
hands. their in is violence of act the and iniquity, of works are works their works: their with themselves cover they shall neither garments, become not shall webs Their
viper. a into out breaketh crushed is which that and dieth, eggs their of eateth that he web: spider's the weave and eggs, cockatrice' hatch They
iniquity. forth bring and mischief, conceive they lies; speak and vanity, in trust they truth: for pleadeth any nor justice, for calleth None
perverseness. muttered hath tongue your lies, spoken have lips your iniquity; with fingers your and blood, with defiled are hands your For
hear. not will he that you, from face his hid have sins your and God, your and you between separated have iniquities your But
hear: cannot it that heavy, ear his neither save; cannot it that shortened, not is hand 's Lord the Behold,
it. spoken hath Lord the of mouth the for father: thy Jacob of heritage the with thee feed and earth, the of places high the upon ride to thee cause will I and ; Lord the in thyself delight thou shalt Then
words: own thine speaking nor pleasure, own thine finding nor ways, own thine doing not him, honour shalt and honourable; , Lord the of holy the delight, a sabbath the call and day; holy my on pleasure thy doing from sabbath, the from foot thy away turn thou If
in. dwell to paths of restorer The breach, the of repairer The called, be shalt thou and generations; many of foundations the up raise shalt thou places: waste old the build shall thee of be shall that they And
not. fail waters whose water, of spring a like and garden, watered a like be shalt thou and bones: thy fat make and drought, in soul thy satisfy and continually, thee guide shall Lord the And
day: noon the as be darkness thy and obscurity, in rise light thy shall then soul; afflicted the satisfy and hungry, the to soul thy out draw thou if And
vanity; speaking and finger, the of forth putting the yoke, the thee of midst the from away take thou If am. I Here say, shall he and cry, shalt thou answer; shall Lord the and call, thou shalt Then
reward. thy be shall Lord the of glory the thee; before go shall righteousness thy and speedily: forth spring shall health thine and morning, the as forth break light thy shall Then
flesh? own thine from thyself not hide thou that and him; cover thou that naked, the seest thou when house? thy to out cast are that poor the bring thou that and hungry, the to bread thy deal to not it Is
yoke? every break ye that and free, go oppressed the let to and burdens, heavy the undo to wickedness, of bands the loose to chosen? have I that fast the this not Is
? Lord the to day acceptable an and fast, a this call thou wilt him? under ashes and sackcloth spread to and bulrush, a as head his down bow to it is soul? his afflict to man a for day a chosen? have I that fast a such it Is
high. on heard be to voice your make to day, this do ye as fast not shall ye wickedness: of fist the with smite to and debate, and strife for fast ye Behold,
labours. your all exact and pleasure, find ye fast your of day the in Behold, knowledge? no takest thou and soul, our afflicted we have wherefore not? seest thou and they, say fasted, we have Wherefore
God. to approaching in delight take they justice; of ordinances the me of ask they God: their of ordinance the not forsook and righteousness, did that nation a as ways, my know to delight and daily, me seek they Yet
sins. their Jacob of house the and transgression, their people my shew and trumpet, a like voice thy up lift not, spare aloud, Cry
wicked. the to God, my saith peace, no is There
dirt. and mire up cast waters whose rest, cannot it when sea, troubled the like are wicked the But
him. heal will I and ; Lord the saith near, is that him to and off, far is that him to peace Peace, lips; the of fruit the create I
mourners. his to and him unto comforts restore and also, him lead will I him: heal will and ways, his seen have I
heart. his of way the in frowardly on went he and wroth, was and me, hid I him: smote and wroth, I was covetousness his of iniquity the For
made. have I which souls the and me, before fail should spirit the for wroth: always be I will neither ever, for contend not will I For
ones. contrite the of heart the revive to and humble, the of spirit the revive to spirit, humble and contrite a of is that also him with place, holy and high the in dwell I Holy; is name whose eternity, inhabiteth that One lofty and high the saith thus For
people. my of way the of out stumblingblock the up take way, the prepare up, ye cast up, ye Cast say, shall And
mountain; holy my inherit shall and land, the possess shall me in trust his putteth that he but them: take shall vanity away; all them carry shall wind the but thee; deliver companies thy let criest, thou When
thee. profit not shall they for works; thy and righteousness, thy declare will I
not? me fearest thou and old, of even peace my held I not have heart? thy to it laid nor me, remembered not hast and lied, hast thou that feared, or afraid been thou hast whom of And
grieved. not wast thou therefore hand; thine of life the found hast thou hope: no is There not, thou saidst yet way; thy of greatness the in wearied art Thou
hell. unto even thyself debase didst and off, far messengers thy send didst and perfumes, thy increase didst and ointment, with king the to wentest thou And
it. sawest thou where bed their lovedst thou them; with covenant a thee made and bed, thy enlarged hast thou up; gone art and me, than another to thyself discovered hast thou for remembrance: thy up set thou hast posts the and also doors the Behind
sacrifice. offer to up thou wentest thither even bed: thy set thou hast mountain high and lofty a Upon
these? in comfort receive I Should offering. meat a offered hast thou offering, drink a poured thou hast them to even lot: thy are they they, portion; thy is stream the of stones smooth the Among
rocks? the of clifts the under valleys the in children the slaying tree, green every under idols with yourselves Enflaming
falsehood. of seed a transgression, of children not ye are tongue? the out draw and mouth, wide a ye make whom against yourselves? sport ye do whom Against
whore. the and adulterer the of seed the sorceress, the of sons ye hither, near draw But
uprightness. his in walking one each beds, their in rest shall they peace: into enter shall He
come. to evil the from away taken is righteous the that considering none away, taken are men merciful and heart: to it layeth man no and perisheth, righteous The
abundant. more much and day, this as be shall morrow to and drink; strong with ourselves fill will we and wine, fetch will I they, say ye, Come
quarter. his from gain, his for one every way, own their to look all they understand: cannot that shepherds are they and enough, have never can which dogs greedy are they Yea,
slumber. to loving down, lying sleeping, bark; cannot they dogs, dumb all are they ignorant, all are they blind: are watchmen His
forest. the in beasts ye all yea, devour, to come field, the of beasts ye All
him. unto gathered are that those beside him, to others gather I will Yet saith, Israel of outcasts the gathereth which , God Lord The
people. all for prayer of house an called be shall house mine for altar; mine upon accepted be shall sacrifices their and offerings burnt their prayer: of house my in joyful them make and mountain, holy my to bring I will them Even
covenant; my of hold taketh and it, polluting from sabbath the keepeth that one every servants, his be to , Lord the of name the love to and him, serve to , Lord the to themselves join that stranger, the of sons the Also
off. cut be not shall that name, everlasting an them give will I daughters: of and sons of than better name a and place a walls my within and house mine in give I will them unto Even
covenant; my of hold take and me, please that things the choose and sabbaths, my keep that eunuchs the unto Lord the saith thus For
tree. dry a am I Behold, say, eunuch the let neither people: his from me separated utterly hath Lord The saying, speak, , Lord the to himself joined hath that stranger, the of son the let Neither
evil. any doing from hand his keepeth and it, polluting from sabbath the keepeth that it; on hold layeth that man of son the and this, doeth that man the is Blessed
revealed. be to righteousness my and come, to near is salvation my for justice: do and judgment, ye Keep , Lord the saith Thus
off. cut be not shall that sign everlasting an for name, a for Lord the to be shall it and tree: myrtle the up come shall brier the of instead and tree, fir the up come shall thorn the of Instead
hands. their clap shall field the of trees the all and singing, into you before forth break shall hills the and mountains the peace: with forth led be and joy, with out go shall ye For
it. sent I whereto thing the in prosper shall it and please, I which that accomplish shall it but void, me unto return not shall it mouth: my of out forth goeth that be word my shall So
eater: the to bread and sower, the to seed give may it that bud, and forth bring it maketh and earth, the watereth but thither, not returneth and heaven, from snow the and down, cometh rain the as For
thoughts. your than thoughts my and ways, your than higher ways my are so earth, the than higher are heavens the as For
. Lord the saith ways, my ways your are neither thoughts, your not are thoughts my For
pardon. abundantly will he for God, our to and him; upon mercy have will he and , Lord the unto return him let and thoughts: his man unrighteous the and way, his forsake wicked the Let
near: is he while him upon ye call found, be may he while Lord the ye Seek
thee. glorified hath he for Israel; of One Holy the for and God, thy Lord the of because thee unto run shall thee not knew that nations and not, knowest thou that nation a call shalt thou Behold,
people. the to commander and leader a people, the to witness a for him given have I Behold,
David. of mercies sure the even you, with covenant everlasting an make will I and live; shall soul your and hear, me: unto come and ear, your Incline
fatness. in itself delight soul your let and good, is which that ye eat and me, unto diligently hearken not? satisfieth which that for labour your and bread? not is which that for money spend ye do Wherefore
price. without and money without milk and wine buy come, yea, eat; and buy, ye, come money; no hath that he and waters, the to ye come thirsteth, that one every Ho,
. Lord the saith me, of is righteousness their and , Lord the of servants the of heritage the is This condemn. shalt thou judgment in thee against rise shall that tongue every and prosper; shall thee against formed is that weapon No
destroy. to waster the created have I and work; his for instrument an forth bringeth that and fire, the in coals the bloweth that smith the created have I Behold,
sake. thy for fall shall thee against together gather shall whosoever me: by not but together, gather surely shall they Behold,
thee. near come not shall it for terror; from and fear: not shalt thou for oppression; from far be shalt thou established: be thou shalt righteousness In
children. thy of peace the be shall great and ; Lord the of taught be shall children thy all And
stones. pleasant of borders thy all and carbuncles, of gates thy and agates, of windows thy make will I And
sapphires. with foundations thy lay and colours, fair with stones thy lay will I behold, comforted, not and tempest, with tossed afflicted, thou O
thee. on mercy hath that Lord the saith removed, be peace my of covenant the shall neither thee, from depart not shall kindness my but removed; be hills the and depart, shall mountains the For
thee. rebuke nor thee, with wroth be not would I that sworn I have so earth; the over go more no should Noah of waters the that sworn have I as for me: unto Noah of waters the as is this For
Redeemer. thy Lord the saith thee, on mercy have I will kindness everlasting with but moment; a for thee from face my hid I wrath little a In
thee. gather I will mercies great with but thee; forsaken I have moment small a For
God. thy saith refused, wast thou when youth, of wife a and spirit, in grieved and forsaken woman a as thee called hath Lord the For
called. be he shall earth whole the of God The Israel; of One Holy the Redeemer thy and name; his is hosts of Lord the husband; thine is Maker thy For
more. any widowhood thy of reproach the remember not shalt and youth, thy of shame the forget shalt thou for shame: to put be not shalt thou for confounded; thou be neither ashamed: be not shalt thou for not; Fear
inhabited. be to cities desolate the make and Gentiles, the inherit shall seed thy and left; the on and hand right the on forth break shalt thou For
stakes; thy strengthen and cords, thy lengthen not, spare habitations: thine of curtains the forth stretch them let and tent, thy of place the Enlarge
. Lord the saith wife, married the of children the than desolate the of children the are more for child: with travail not didst that thou aloud, cry and singing, into forth break bear; not didst that thou barren, O Sing,
transgressors. the for intercession made and many, of sin the bare he and transgressors; the with numbered was he and death: unto soul his out poured hath he because strong; the with spoil the divide shall he and great, the with portion a him divide I will Therefore
iniquities. their bear shall he for many; justify servant righteous my shall knowledge his by satisfied: be shall and soul, his of travail the of see shall He
hand. his in prosper shall Lord the of pleasure the and days, his prolong shall he seed, his see shall he sin, for offering an soul his make shalt thou when grief: to him put hath he him; bruise to Lord the pleased it Yet
mouth. his in deceit any was neither violence, no done had he because death; his in rich the with and wicked, the with grave his made he And
stricken. he was people my of transgression the for living: the of land the of out off cut was he for generation? his declare shall who and judgment: from and prison from taken was He
mouth. his not openeth he so dumb, is shearers her before sheep a as and slaughter, the to lamb a as brought is he mouth: his not opened he yet afflicted, was he and oppressed, was He
all. us of iniquity the him on laid hath Lord the and way; own his to one every turned have we astray; gone have sheep like we All
healed. are we stripes his with and him; upon was peace our of chastisement the iniquities: our for bruised was he transgressions, our for wounded was he But
afflicted. and God, of smitten stricken, him esteem did we yet sorrows: our carried and griefs, our borne hath he Surely
not. him esteemed we and despised, was he him; from faces our were it as hid we and grief: with acquainted and sorrows, of man a men; of rejected and despised is He
him. desire should we that beauty no is there him, see shall we when and comeliness; nor form no hath he ground: dry a of out root a as and plant, tender a as him before up grow shall he For
revealed? Lord the of arm the is whom to and report? our believed hath Who
consider. they shall heard not had they which that and see; they shall them told been not had which that for him: at mouths their shut shall kings the nations; many sprinkle he shall So
men: of sons the than more form his and man, any than more marred so was visage his thee; at astonied were many As
high. very be and extolled, and exalted be shall he prudently, deal shall servant my Behold,
reward. your be will Israel of God the and you; before go will Lord the for flight: by go nor haste, with out go not shall ye For
. Lord the of vessels the bear that clean, ye be her; of midst the of out ye go thing; unclean no touch thence, from out ye go ye, depart ye, Depart
God. our of salvation the see shall earth the of ends the all and nations; the all of eyes the in arm holy his bare made hath Lord The
Jerusalem. redeemed hath he people, his comforted hath Lord the for Jerusalem: of places waste ye together, sing joy, into forth Break
Zion. again bring shall Lord the when eye, to eye see shall they for sing: they shall together voice the with voice; the up lift shall watchmen Thy
reigneth! God Thy Zion, unto saith that salvation; publisheth that good, of tidings good bringeth that peace; publisheth that tidings, good bringeth that him of feet the are mountains the upon beautiful How
I. is it behold, speak: doth that he am I that day that in know shall they therefore name: my know shall people my Therefore
blasphemed. is day every continually name my and ; Lord the saith howl, to them make them over rule that they nought? for away taken is people my that , Lord the saith here, I have what therefore, Now
cause. without them oppressed Assyrian the and there; sojourn to Egypt into aforetime down went people My , God Lord the saith thus For
money. without redeemed be shall ye and nought; for yourselves sold have Ye , Lord the saith thus For
Zion. of daughter captive O neck, thy of bands the from thyself loose Jerusalem: O down, sit and arise, dust; the from thyself Shake
unclean. the and uncircumcised the thee into come more no shall there henceforth for city: holy the Jerusalem, O garments, beautiful thy on put Zion; O strength, thy on put awake; Awake,
over. went that them to street, the as and ground, the as body thy laid hast thou and over: go may we that down, Bow soul, thy to said have which thee; afflict that them of hand the into it put will I But
again: it drink more no shalt thou fury; my of cup the of dregs the even trembling, of cup the hand thine of out taken have I Behold, people, his of cause the pleadeth that God thy and , Lord the Lord thy saith Thus
wine: with not but drunken, and afflicted, thou this, now hear Therefore
God. thy of rebuke the , Lord the of fury the of full are they net: a in bull wild a as streets, the all of head the at lie they fainted, have sons Thy
thee? comfort I shall whom by sword: the and famine, the and destruction, and desolation, thee? for sorry be shall who thee; unto come are things two These
up. brought hath she that sons the all of hand the by her taketh that any there is neither forth; brought hath she whom sons the all among her guide to none is There
out. them wrung and trembling, of cup the of dregs the drunken hast thou fury; his of cup the Lord the of hand the at drunk hast which Jerusalem, O up, stand awake, Awake,
people. my art Thou Zion, unto say and earth, the of foundations the lay and heavens, the plant may I that hand, mine of shadow the in thee covered have I and mouth, thy in words my put have I And
name. his is hosts of Lord The roared: waves whose sea, the divided that God, thy Lord the am I But
fail. should bread his that nor pit, the in die not should he that and loosed, be may he that hasteneth exile captive The
oppressor? the of fury the is where and destroy? to ready were he if as oppressor, the of fury the of because day every continually feared hast and earth; the of foundations the laid and heavens, the forth stretched hath that maker, thy Lord the forgettest And
grass; as made be shall which man of son the of and die, shall that man a of afraid be shouldest thou that thou, art who you: comforteth that he am I, even I,
away. flee shall mourning and sorrow and joy; and gladness obtain shall they head: their upon be shall joy everlasting and Zion; unto singing with come and return, shall Lord the of redeemed the Therefore
over? pass to ransomed the for way a sea the of depths the made hath that deep; great the of waters the sea, the dried hath which it not thou Art
dragon? the wounded and Rahab, cut hath that it not thou Art old. of generations the in days, ancient the in as awake, ; Lord the of arm O strength, on put awake, Awake,
generation. to generation from salvation my and ever, for be shall righteousness my but wool: like them eat shall worm the and garment, a like up them eat shall moth the For
revilings. their of afraid ye be neither men, of reproach the not ye fear law; my is heart whose in people the righteousness, know that ye me, unto Hearken
abolished. be not shall righteousness my and ever, for be shall salvation my but manner: like in die shall therein dwell that they and garment, a like old wax shall earth the and smoke, like away vanish shall heavens the for beneath: earth the upon look and heavens, the to eyes your up Lift
trust. they shall arm mine on and me, upon wait shall isles the people; the judge shall arms mine and forth, gone is salvation my near; is righteousness My
people. the of light a for rest to judgment my make will I and me, from proceed shall law a for nation: my O me, unto ear give and people; my me, unto Hearken
melody. of voice the and thanksgiving, therein, found be shall gladness and joy ; Lord the of garden the like desert her and Eden, like wilderness her make will he and places; waste her all comfort will he Zion: comfort shall Lord the For
him. increased and him, blessed and alone, him called I for you: bare that Sarah unto and father, your Abraham unto Look
digged. are ye whence pit the of hole the to and hewn, are ye whence rock the unto look : Lord the seek that ye righteousness, after follow that ye me, to Hearken
sorrow. in down lie shall ye hand; mine of have ye shall This kindled. have ye that sparks the in and fire, your of light the in walk sparks: with about yourselves compass that fire, a kindle that ye all Behold,
God. his upon stay and , Lord the of name the in trust him let light? no hath and darkness, in walketh that servant, his of voice the obeyeth that , Lord the feareth that you among is Who
up. them eat shall moth the garment; a as old wax shall all they lo, me? condemn shall that he is who me; help will God Lord the Behold,
me. to near come him let adversary? mine is who together: stand us let me? with contend will who me; justifieth that near is He
ashamed. be not shall I that know I and flint, a like face my set I have therefore confounded: be not I shall therefore me; help will God Lord the For
spitting. and shame from face my not hid I hair: the off plucked that them to cheeks my and smiters, the to back my gave I
back. away turned neither rebellious, not was I and ear, mine opened hath God Lord The
learned. the as hear to ear mine wakeneth he morning, by morning wakeneth he weary: is that him to season in word a speak to how know should I that learned, the of tongue the me given hath God Lord The
covering. their sackcloth make I and blackness, with heavens the clothe I
thirst. for dieth and water, no is there because stinketh, fish their wilderness: a rivers the make I sea, the up dry I rebuke my at behold, deliver? to power no I have or redeem? cannot it that all, at shortened hand my Is answer? to none there was called, I when man? no there was came, I when Wherefore,
away. put mother your is transgressions your for and yourselves, sold ye have iniquities your for Behold, you? sold have I whom to it is creditors my of which or away? put have I whom divorcement, mother's your of bill the is Where , Lord the saith Thus
Jacob. of One mighty the Redeemer, thy and Saviour thy am Lord the I that know shall flesh all and wine: sweet with as blood, own their with drunken be shall they and flesh; own their with thee oppress that them feed will I And
children. thy save will I and thee, with contendeth that him with contend will I for delivered: be shall terrible the of prey the and away, taken be shall mighty the of captives the Even , Lord the saith thus But
delivered? captive lawful the or mighty, the from taken be prey the Shall
me. for wait that ashamed be not shall they for : Lord the am I that know shalt thou and feet; thy of dust the up lick and earth, the toward face their with thee to down bow shall they mothers: nursing thy queens their and fathers, nursing thy be shall kings And
shoulders. their upon carried be shall daughters thy and arms, their in sons thy bring shall they and people: the to standard my up set and Gentiles, the to hand mine up lift will I Behold, , God Lord the saith Thus
been? they had where these, alone; left was I Behold, these? up brought hath who and fro? and to removing and captive, a desolate, am and children, my lost have I seeing these, me begotten hath Who heart, thine in say thou shalt Then
dwell. may I that me to place give me: for strait too is place The ears, thine in again say shall other, the lost hast thou after have, shalt thou which children The
away. far be shall up thee swallowed that they and inhabitants, the of reason by narrow too be now even shall destruction, thy of land the and places, desolate thy and waste thy For
doeth. bride a as thee, on them bind and ornament, an with as all, them with thee clothe surely shalt thou , Lord the saith live, I As thee. to come and together, themselves gather these all behold: and about, round eyes thine up Lift
thee. of forth go shall waste thee made that they and destroyers thy haste; make shall children Thy
me. before continually are walls thy hands; my of palms the upon thee graven have I Behold,
thee. forget not I will yet forget, may they yea, womb? her of son the on compassion have not should she that child, sucking her forget woman a Can
me. forgotten hath Lord my and me, forsaken hath Lord The said, Zion But
afflicted. his upon mercy have will and people, his comforted hath Lord the for mountains: O singing, into forth break and earth; O joyful, be and heavens; O Sing,
Sinim. of land the from these and west; the from and north the from these lo, and, far: from come shall these Behold,
exalted. be shall highways my and way, a mountains my all make will I And
them. guide he shall water of springs the by even them, lead shall them on mercy hath that he for them: smite sun nor heat the shall neither thirst; nor hunger not shall They
places. high all in be shall pastures their and ways, the in feed shall They yourselves. Shew darkness, in are that them to forth; Go prisoners, the to say mayest thou That
heritages; desolate the inherit to cause to earth, the establish to people, the of covenant a for thee give and thee, preserve will I and thee: helped I have salvation of day a in and thee, heard I have time acceptable an In , Lord the saith Thus
thee. choose shall he and Israel, of One Holy the and faithful, is that Lord the of because worship, shall also princes arise, and see shall Kings rulers, of servant a to abhorreth, nation the whom him to despiseth, man whom him to One, Holy his and Israel, of Redeemer the , Lord the saith Thus
earth. the of end the unto salvation my be mayest thou that Gentiles, the to light a for thee give also will I Israel: of preserved the restore to and Jacob, of tribes the up raise to servant my be shouldest thou that thing light a is It said, he And
strength. my be shall God my and , Lord the of eyes the in glorious be I shall yet gathered, not be Israel Though him, to again Jacob bring to servant, his be to womb the from me formed that Lord the saith now, And
God. my with work my and , Lord the with is judgment my surely yet vain: in and nought, for strength my spent have I vain, in laboured have I said, I Then
glorified. be will I whom in Israel, O servant, my art Thou me, unto said And
me; hid he hath quiver his in shaft; polished a me made and me, hid he hath hand his of shadow the in sword; sharp a like mouth my made hath he And
name. my of mention made he hath mother my of bowels the from womb; the from me called hath Lord The far; from people, ye hearken, and me; unto isles, O Listen,
wicked. the unto , Lord the saith peace, no is There
out. gushed waters the and also, rock the clave he them: for rock the of out flow to waters the caused he deserts: the through them led he when not thirsted they And
Jacob. servant his redeemed hath Lord The ye, say earth; the of end the to even it utter this, tell ye, declare singing of voice a with Chaldeans, the from ye flee Babylon, of forth ye Go
me. before from destroyed nor off cut been have not should name his thereof; gravel the like bowels thy of offspring the and sand, the as been had also seed Thy
sea: the of waves the as righteousness thy and river, a as been peace thy had then commandments! my to hearkened hadst thou that O
go. shouldest thou that way the by thee leadeth which profit, to thee teacheth which God thy Lord the am I Israel; of One Holy the Redeemer, thy , Lord the saith Thus
me. sent hath Spirit, his and , God Lord the now and I: am there was, it that time the from beginning; the from secret in spoken not have I this; ye hear me, unto near ye Come
prosperous. way his make shall he and him, brought have I him: called have I yea, spoken; have I, even I,
Chaldeans. the on be shall arm his and Babylon, on pleasure his do will he him: loved hath Lord The things? these declared hath them among which hear; and yourselves, assemble ye, All
together. up stand they them, unto call I when heavens: the spanned hath hand right my and earth, the of foundation the laid hath also hand Mine
last. the am also I first, the am I he; am I called; my Israel, and Jacob O me, unto Hearken
another. unto glory my give not will I and polluted? be name my should how for it: do I will sake, own mine for even sake, own mine For
affliction. of furnace the in thee chosen have I silver; with not but thee, refined have I Behold,
off. not thee cut I that thee, for refrain I will praise my for and anger, mine defer I will sake name's my For
womb. the from transgressor a called wast and treacherously, very deal wouldest thou that knew I for opened: not was ear thine that time that from yea, not; knewest thou yea, not; heardest thou Yea,
them. knew I Behold, say, shouldest thou lest not; them heardest thou when day the before even beginning; the from not and now, created are They
them. know not didst thou and things, hidden even time, this from things new thee shewed have I it? declare ye not will and this; all see heard, hast Thou
them. commanded hath image, molten my and image, graven my and them, done hath idol Mine say, shouldest thou lest thee: it shewed I pass to came it before thee; to it declared beginning the from even have I
brass; brow thy and sinew, iron an is neck thy and obstinate, art thou that knew I Because
pass. to came they and suddenly, them did I them; shewed I and mouth, my of out forth went they and beginning; the from things former the declared have I
name. his is hosts of Lord The Israel; of God the upon themselves stay and city, holy the of themselves call they For
righteousness. in nor truth, in not but Israel, of God the of mention make and , Lord the of name the by swear which Judah, of waters the of out forth come are and Israel, of name the by called are which Jacob, of house O this, ye Hear
thee. save shall none quarter; his to one every wander shall they youth: thy from merchants, thy even laboured, hast thou whom with thee unto be they shall Thus
it. before sit to fire nor at, warm to coal a be not shall there flame: the of power the from themselves deliver not shall they them; burn shall fire the stubble; as be shall they Behold,
thee. upon come shall that things these from thee save and up, stand prognosticators, monthly the stargazers, the astrologers, the now Let counsels. thy of multitude the in wearied art Thou
prevail. mayest thou be so if profit, to able be shalt thou be so if youth; thy from laboured hast thou wherein sorceries, thy of multitude the with and enchantments, thine with now Stand
know. not shalt thou which suddenly, thee upon come shall desolation and off: it put to able be not shalt thou thee; upon fall shall mischief and riseth: it whence from know not shalt thou thee; upon come evil shall Therefore
me. beside else none and am, I heart, thine in said hast thou and thee; perverted hath it knowledge, thy and wisdom Thy me. seeth None said, hast thou wickedness: thy in trusted hast thou For
enchantments. thine of abundance great the for and sorceries, thy of multitude the for perfection their in thee upon come shall they widowhood: and children, of loss the day, one in moment a in thee to come shall things two these But
children: of loss the know I shall neither widow, a as sit not shall I me; beside else none and am, I heart, thine in sayest that carelessly, dwellest that pleasures, to given art that thou this, now hear Therefore
it. of end latter the remember didst neither heart, thy to things these lay not didst thou that so ever: for lady a be shall I saidst, thou And
yoke. thy laid heavily very thou hast ancient the upon mercy; no them shew didst thou hand: thine into them given and inheritance, mine polluted have I people, my with wroth was I
kingdoms. of lady The called, be more no shalt thou for Chaldeans: the of daughter O darkness, into thee get and silent, thou Sit
Israel. of One Holy the name, his is hosts of Lord the redeemer, our for As
man. a as thee meet not will I and vengeance, take will I seen: be shall shame thy yea, uncovered, be shall nakedness Thy
rivers. the over pass thigh, the uncover leg, the bare make locks, thy uncover meal: grind and millstones, the Take
delicate. and tender called be more no shalt thou for Chaldeans: the of daughter O throne, no is there ground: the on sit Babylon, of daughter virgin O dust, the in sit and down, Come
glory. my Israel for Zion in salvation place will I and tarry: not shall salvation my and off, far be not shall it righteousness; my near bring I
righteousness: from far are that stouthearted, ye me, unto Hearken
it. do also will I it, purposed have I pass; to it bring also will I it, spoken have I yea, country: far a from counsel my executeth that man the east, the from bird ravenous a Calling
pleasure: my all do will I and stand, shall counsel My saying, done, yet not are that things the times ancient from and beginning, the from end the Declaring
me, like none is there and God, am I else; none is there and God, am I for old: of things former the Remember
transgressors. ye O mind, to again it bring men: yourselves shew and this, Remember
trouble. his of out him save nor answer, not he can yet him, unto cry shall one yea, remove: not he shall place his from standeth; he and place, his in him set and him, carry they shoulder, the upon him bear They
worship. they yea, down, fall they god: a it maketh he and goldsmith; a hire and balance, the in silver weigh and bag, the of out gold lavish They
like? be may we that me, compare and equal, me make and me, liken ye will whom To
you. deliver will and carry, will I even bear; will I and made, have I you: carry I will hairs hoar to even and he; am I age old your to even And
womb: the from carried are which belly, the from me by borne are which Israel, of house the of remnant the all and Jacob, of house O me, unto Hearken
captivity. into gone are themselves but burden, the deliver not could they together; down bow they stoop, They
beast. weary the to burden a are they loaden; heavy were carriages your cattle: the upon and beasts, the upon were idols their stoopeth, Nebo down, boweth Bel
glory. shall and justified, be Israel of seed the all shall Lord the In
ashamed. be shall him against incensed are that all and come; men shall him to even strength: and righteousness I have Lord the in say, one shall Surely,
swear. shall tongue every bow, shall knee every me unto That return, not shall and righteousness, in mouth my of out gone is word the myself, by sworn have I
else. none is there and God, am I for earth: the of ends the all saved, ye be and me, unto Look
me. beside none is there Saviour; a and God just a me; beside else God no is there and ? Lord the I not have time? that from it told hath who time? ancient from this declared hath who together: counsel take them let yea, near; them bring and ye, Tell
save. cannot that god a unto pray and image, graven their of wood the up set that knowledge no have they nations: the of escaped are that ye together, near draw come; and yourselves Assemble
right. are that things declare I righteousness, speak Lord the I vain: in me ye Seek Jacob, of seed the unto not said I earth: the of place dark a in secret, in spoken not have I
else. none is there and ; Lord the am I inhabited: be to it formed he vain, in not it created he it, established hath he it; made and earth the formed that himself God heavens; the created that Lord the saith thus For
end. without world confounded nor ashamed be not shall ye salvation: everlasting an with Lord the in saved be shall Israel But
idols. of makers are that together confusion to go shall they them: of all confounded, also and ashamed, be shall They
Saviour. the Israel, of God O thyself, hidest that God a art thou Verily
God. no is there else, none is there and thee; in is God Surely saying, thee, unto supplication make shall they thee, unto down fall shall they and over, come shall they chains in thee; after come shall they thine: be shall they and thee, unto over come shall stature, of men Sabeans, the of and Ethiopia of merchandise and Egypt, of labour The , Lord the saith Thus
hosts. of Lord the saith reward, nor price for not captives, my go let shall he and city, my build shall he ways: his all direct will I and righteousness, in up him raised have I
commanded. I have host their all and heavens, the out stretched have hands, my even I, it: upon man created and earth, the made have I
me. ye command hands my of work the concerning and sons, my concerning come to things of me Ask Maker, his and Israel, of One Holy the , Lord the saith Thus
forth? brought thou hast What woman, the to or thou? begettest What father, his unto saith that him unto Woe
hands? no hath He work, thy or thou? makest What it, fashioneth that him to say clay the Shall earth. the of potsherds the with strive potsherd the Let Maker! his with striveth that him unto Woe
it. created have Lord the I together; up spring righteousness let and salvation, forth bring them let and open, earth the let righteousness: down pour skies the let and above, from heavens, ye down, Drop
things. these all do Lord the I evil: create and peace, make I darkness: create and light, the form I
else. none is there and , Lord the am I me. beside none is there that west, the from and sun, the of rising the from know may they That
me: known not hast thou though thee, girded I me: beside God no is there else, none is there and , Lord the am I
me. known not hast thou though thee, surnamed have I name: thy by thee called even have I elect, mine Israel and sake, servant's my Jacob For
Israel. of God the am name, thy by thee call which , Lord the I, that know mayest thou that places, secret of riches hidden and darkness, of treasures the thee give will I And
iron: of bars the sunder in cut and brass, of gates the pieces in break will I straight: places crooked the make and thee, before go will I
shut; be not shall gates the and gates; leaved two the him before open to kings, of loins the loose will I and him; before nations subdue to holden, have I hand right whose Cyrus, to anointed, his to Lord the saith Thus
laid. be shall foundation Thy temple, the to and built; be shalt Thou Jerusalem, to saying even pleasure: my all perform shall and shepherd, my is He Cyrus, of saith That
rivers: thy up dry will I and dry, Be deep, the to saith That
thereof: places decayed the up raise will I and built, be shall Ye Judah, of cities the to and inhabited; be shalt Thou Jerusalem, to saith that messengers; his of counsel the performeth and servant, his of word the confirmeth That
foolish; knowledge their maketh and backward, men wise turneth that mad; diviners maketh and liars, the of tokens the frustrateth That
myself; by earth the abroad spreadeth that alone; heavens the forth stretcheth that things; all maketh that Lord the am I womb, the from thee formed that he and redeemer, thy , Lord the saith Thus
Israel. in himself glorified and Jacob, redeemed hath Lord the for therein: tree every and forest, O mountains, ye singing, into forth break earth: the of parts lower ye shout, it: done hath Lord the for heavens; ye O Sing,
thee. redeemed have I for me; unto return sins: thy cloud, a as and, transgressions, thy cloud, thick a as out, blotted have I
me. of forgotten be not shalt thou Israel, O servant: my art thou thee; formed have I servant: my art thou for Israel; and Jacob O these, Remember
hand? right my in lie a not there Is say, nor soul, his deliver cannot he that aside, him turned hath heart deceived a ashes: on feedeth He
tree? a of stock the to down fall I shall abomination? an thereof residue the make I shall and it: eaten and flesh, roasted have I thereof; coals the upon bread baked have I also yea, fire; the in it of part burned have I say, to understanding nor knowledge there is neither heart, his in considereth none And
understand. cannot they that hearts, their and see; cannot they that eyes, their shut hath he for understood: nor known not have They
god. my art thou for me; Deliver saith, and it, unto prayeth and it, worshippeth and it, unto down falleth he image: graven his even god, a maketh he thereof residue the And
fire: the seen have I warm, am I Aha, saith, and himself, warmeth he yea, satisfied: is and roast, roasteth he flesh; eateth he thereof part with fire; the in thereof part burneth He
thereto. down falleth and image, graven a it maketh he it; worshippeth and god, a maketh he yea, bread; baketh and it, kindleth he yea, himself; warm and thereof, take will he for burn: to man a for be it shall Then
it. nourish doth rain the and ash, an planteth he forest: the of trees the among himself for strengtheneth he which oak, the and cypress the taketh and cedars, down him heweth He
house. the in remain may it that man; a of beauty the to according man, a of figure the after it maketh and compass, the with out it marketh he and planes, with it fitteth he line; a with out it marketh he rule; his out stretcheth carpenter The
faint. is and water, no drinketh he faileth: strength his and hungry, is he yea, arms: his of strength the with it worketh and hammers, with it fashioneth and coals, the in worketh both tongs the with smith The
together. ashamed be shall they and fear, shall they yet up; stand them let together, gathered be all them let men: of are they workmen, the and ashamed: be shall fellows his all Behold,
nothing? for profitable is that image graven a molten or god, a formed hath Who
ashamed. be may they that know; nor not, see they witnesses; own their are they and profit; not shall things delectable their and vanity; them of all are image graven a make that They
any. not know I God; no is there yea, me? beside God a there Is witnesses. my even are ye it? declared have and time, that from thee told I not have afraid: be neither not, ye Fear
them. unto shew them let come, shall and coming, are that things the and people? ancient the appointed I since me, for order in it set and it, declare shall and call, shall I, as who, And
God. no is there me beside and last; the am I and first, the am I hosts; of Lord the redeemer his and Israel, of King the Lord the saith Thus
Israel. of name the by himself surname and , Lord the unto hand his with subscribe shall another and Jacob; of name the by himself call shall another and 's; Lord the am I say, shall One
courses. water the by willows as grass, the among as up spring shall they And
offspring: thine upon blessing my and seed, thy upon spirit my pour will I ground: dry the upon floods and thirsty, is that him upon water pour will I For
chosen. have I whom Jesurun, thou, and servant; my Jacob, O not, Fear thee; help will which womb, the from thee formed and thee, made that Lord the saith Thus
chosen: have I whom Israel, and servant; my Jacob O hear, now Yet
reproaches. to Israel and curse, the to Jacob given have and sanctuary, the of princes the profaned have I Therefore
me. against transgressed have teachers thy and sinned, hath father first Thy
justified. be mayest thou that thou, declare together: plead us let remembrance: in me Put
sins. thy remember not will and sake, own mine for transgressions thy out blotteth that he am I, even I,
iniquities. thine with me wearied hast thou sins, thy with serve to me made hast thou but sacrifices: thy of fat the with me filled thou hast neither money, with cane sweet no me bought hast Thou
incense. with thee wearied nor offering, an with serve to thee caused not have I sacrifices. thy with me honoured thou hast neither offerings; burnt thy of cattle small the me brought not hast Thou
Israel. O me, of weary been hast thou but Jacob; O me, upon called not hast thou But
praise. my forth shew shall they myself; for formed I have people This
chosen. my people, my to drink give to desert, the in rivers and wilderness, the in waters give I because owls: the and dragons the me, honour shall field the of beast The
desert. the in rivers and wilderness, the in way a make even will I it? know not ye shall forth; spring shall it now thing; new a do will I Behold,
old. of things the consider neither things, former the not ye Remember
tow. as quenched are they extinct, are they rise: not shall they together, down lie shall they power; the and army the horse, and chariot the forth bringeth Which
waters; mighty the in path a and sea, the in way a maketh which , Lord the saith Thus
King. your Israel, of creator the One, Holy your , Lord the am I
ships. the in is cry whose Chaldeans, the and nobles, their all down brought have and Babylon, to sent have I sake your For Israel; of One Holy the redeemer, your , Lord the saith Thus
it? let shall who and work, will I hand: my of out deliver can that none is there and he; am I was day the before Yea,
God. am I that , Lord the saith witnesses, my are ye therefore you: among god strange no was there when shewed, have I and saved, have and declared, have I
saviour. no is there me beside and ; Lord the am I, even I,
me. after be there shall neither formed, God no was there me before he: am I that understand and me, believe and know may ye that chosen: have I whom servant my and , Lord the saith witnesses, my are Ye
truth. is It say, and hear, them let or justified: be may they that witnesses, their forth bring them let things? former us shew and this, declare can them among who assembled: be people the let and together, gathered be nations the all Let
ears. have that deaf the and eyes, have that people blind the forth Bring
him. made have I yea, him; formed have I glory, my for him created have I for name: my by called is that one every Even
earth; the of ends the from daughters my and far, from sons my bring back: not Keep south, the to and up; Give north, the to say will I
west; the from thee gather and east, the from seed thy bring will I thee: with am I for not: Fear
life. thy for people and thee, for men give I will therefore thee: loved have I and honourable, been hast thou sight, my in precious wast thou Since
thee. for Seba and Ethiopia ransom, thy for Egypt gave I Saviour: thy Israel, of One Holy the God, thy Lord the am I For
thee. upon kindle flame the shall neither burned; be not shalt thou fire, the through walkest thou when thee: overflow not shall they rivers, the through and thee; with be will I waters, the through passest thou When
mine. art thou name; thy by thee called have I thee, redeemed have I for not: Fear Israel, O thee, formed that he and Jacob, O thee, created that Lord the saith thus now But
heart. to not it laid he yet him, burned it and not; knew he yet about, round fire on him set hath it and battle: of strength the and anger, his of fury the him upon poured hath he Therefore
law. his unto obedient they were neither ways, his in walk not would they for sinned? have we whom against he , Lord the not did robbers? the to Israel and spoil, a for Jacob gave Who
come? to time the for hear and hearken will who this? to ear give will you among Who
Restore. saith, none and spoil, a for delivereth; none and prey, a for are they houses: prison in hid are they and holes, in snared them of all are they spoiled; and robbed people a is this But
honourable. it make and law, the magnify will he sake; righteousness' his for pleased well is Lord The
not. heareth he but ears, the opening not; observest thou but things, many Seeing
servant? 's Lord the as blind and perfect, is that he as blind is who sent? I that messenger my as deaf, or servant? my but blind, is Who
see. may ye that blind, ye look, and deaf; ye Hear,
gods. our are Ye images, molten the to say that images, graven in trust that ashamed, greatly be shall they back, turned be shall They
them. forsake not and them, unto do I will things These straight. things crooked and them, before light darkness make will I known: not have they that paths in them lead will I not; knew they that way a by blind the bring will I And
pools. the up dry will I and islands, rivers the make will I and herbs; their all up dry and hills, and mountains waste make will I
once. at devour and destroy will I woman; travailing a like cry I will now myself: refrained and still, been have I peace; my holden time long have I
enemies. his against prevail shall he roar; yea, cry, shall he war: of man a like jealousy up stir shall he man, mighty a as forth go shall Lord The
islands. the in praise his declare and , Lord the unto glory give them Let
mountains. the of top the from shout them let sing, rock the of inhabitants the let inhabit: doth Kedar that villages the voice, their up lift thereof cities the and wilderness the Let
thereof. inhabitants the and isles, the therein; is that all and sea, the to down go that ye earth, the of end the from praise his and song, new a Lord the unto Sing
them. of you tell I forth spring they before declare: I do things new and pass, to come are things former the Behold,
images. graven to praise my neither another, to give not I will glory my and name: my is that : Lord the am I
house. prison the of out darkness in sit that them and prison, the from prisoners the out bring to eyes, blind the open To
Gentiles; the of light a for people, the of covenant a for thee give and thee, keep will and hand, thine hold will and righteousness, in thee called have Lord the I
therein: walk that them to spirit and it, upon people the unto breath giveth that he it; of out cometh which that and earth, the forth spread that he out; them stretched and heavens, the created that he , Lord the God saith Thus
law. his for wait shall isles the and earth: the in judgment set have he till discouraged, be nor fail not shall He
truth. unto judgment forth bring shall he quench: not he shall flax smoking the and break, not he shall reed bruised A
street. the in heard be to voice his cause nor up, lift nor cry, not shall He
Gentiles. the to judgment forth bring shall he him: upon spirit my put have I delighteth; soul my whom in elect, mine uphold; I whom servant, my Behold
confusion. and wind are images molten their nothing: are works their vanity; all are they Behold,
word. a answer could them, of asked I when that, counsellor, no was there and them, among even man; no was there and beheld, I For
tidings. good bringeth that one Jerusalem to give will I and them: behold Behold, Zion, to say shall first The
words. your heareth that none is there yea, declareth, that none is there yea, sheweth, that none is there yea, righteous? is He say, may we that beforetime, and know? may we that beginning, the from declared hath Who
clay. treadeth potter the as and morter, upon as princes upon come shall he and name: my upon call he shall sun the of rising the from come: shall he and north, the from one up raised have I
you. chooseth that he is abomination an nought: of work your and nothing, of are ye Behold,
together. it behold and dismayed, be may we that evil, do or good, do yea, gods: are ye that know may we that hereafter, come to are that things the Shew
come. to for things us declare or them; of end latter the know and them, consider may we that be, they what things, former the shew them let happen: shall what us shew and forth, them bring them Let
Jacob. of King the saith reasons, strong your forth bring ; Lord the saith cause, your Produce
it. created hath Israel of One Holy the and this, done hath Lord the of hand the that together, understand and consider, and know, and see, may they That
together: tree box the and pine, the and tree, fir the desert the in set will I tree; oil the and myrtle, the and tree, shittah the cedar, the wilderness the in plant will I
water. of springs land dry the and water, of pool a wilderness the make will I valleys: the of midst the in fountains and places, high in rivers open will I
them. forsake not will Israel of God the I them, hear will Lord the I thirst, for faileth tongue their and none, is there and water, seek needy and poor the When
Israel. of One Holy the in glory shalt and , Lord the in rejoice shalt thou and them: scatter shall whirlwind the and away, them carry shall wind the and them, fan shalt Thou
chaff. as hills the make shalt and small, them beat and mountains, the thresh shalt thou teeth: having instrument threshing sharp new a thee make will I Behold,
Israel. of One Holy the redeemer, thy and , Lord the saith thee, help will I Israel; of men ye and Jacob, worm thou not, Fear
thee. help will I not; Fear thee, unto saying hand, right thy hold will God thy Lord the I For
nought. of thing a as and nothing, as be shall thee against war that they thee: with contended that them even them, find not shalt and them, seek shalt Thou
perish. shall thee with strive that they and nothing; as be shall they confounded: and ashamed be shall thee against incensed were that they all Behold,
righteousness. my of hand right the with thee uphold will I yea, thee; help will I yea, thee; strengthen will I God: thy am I for dismayed; not be thee: with am I for not; thou Fear
away. thee cast not and thee, chosen have I servant; my art Thou thee, unto said and thereof, men chief the from thee called and earth, the of ends the from taken have I whom Thou
friend. my Abraham of seed the chosen, have I whom Jacob servant, my art Israel, thou, But
moved. be not should it that nails, with it fastened he and sodering: the for ready is It saying, anvil, the smote that him hammer the with smootheth that he and goldsmith, the encouraged carpenter the So
courage. good of Be brother, his to said one every and neighbour; his one every helped They
came. and near, drew afraid, were earth the of ends the feared; and it, saw isles The
he. am I last; the with and first, the , Lord the I beginning? the from generations the calling it, done and wrought hath Who
feet. his with gone not had he that way the by even safely; passed and them, pursued He
bow. his to stubble driven as and sword, his to dust the as them gave he kings? over rule him made and him, before nations the gave foot, his to him called east, the from man righteous the up raised Who
judgment. to together near come us let speak: them let then near; come them let strength: their renew people the let and islands; O me, before silence Keep
faint. not and walk, shall they and weary; be not and run, shall they eagles; as wings with up mount shall they strength; their renew shall Lord the upon wait that they But
fall: utterly shall men young the and weary, be and faint shall youths the Even
strength. increaseth he might no have that them to and faint; the to power giveth He
understanding. his of searching no is there weary? is neither not, fainteth earth, the of ends the of Creator the , Lord the God, everlasting the that heard, not thou hast known? not thou Hast
God? my from over passed is judgment my and , Lord the from hid is way My Israel, O speakest, and Jacob, O thou, sayest Why
faileth. one not power; in strong is he that for might, his of greatness the by names by all them calleth he number: by host their out bringeth that things, these created hath who behold and high, on eyes your up Lift
One. Holy the saith equal? be I shall or me, liken ye will then whom To
stubble. as away them take shall whirlwind the and wither, shall they and them, upon blow also shall he and earth: the in root take not shall stock their yea, sown: be not shall they yea, planted; be not shall they Yea,
vanity. as earth the of judges the maketh he nothing; to princes the bringeth That
in: dwell to tent a as out them spreadeth and curtain, a as heavens the out stretcheth that grasshoppers; as are thereof inhabitants the and earth, the of circle the upon sitteth that he is It
earth? the of foundations the from understood not ye have beginning? the from you told been not it hath heard? not ye have known? not ye Have
moved. be not shall that image, graven a prepare to workman cunning a him unto seeketh he rot; not will that tree a chooseth oblation no hath he that impoverished so is that He
chains. silver casteth and gold, with over it spreadeth goldsmith the and image, graven a melteth workman The
him? unto compare ye will likeness what or God? liken ye will then whom To
vanity. and nothing, than less him to counted are they and nothing; as are him before nations All
offering. burnt a for sufficient thereof beasts the nor burn, to sufficient not is Lebanon And
thing. little very a as isles the up taketh he behold, balance: the of dust small the as counted are and bucket, a of drop a as are nations the Behold,
understanding? of way the him to shewed and knowledge, him taught and judgment, of path the in him taught and him, instructed who and counsel, he took whom With
him? taught hath counsellor his being or , Lord the of Spirit the directed hath Who
balance? a in hills the and scales, in mountains the weighed and measure, a in earth the of dust the comprehended and span, the with heaven out meted and hand, his of hollow the in waters the measured hath Who
young. with are that those lead gently shall and bosom, his in them carry and arm, his with lambs the gather shall he shepherd: a like flock his feed shall He
him. before work his and him, with is reward his behold, him: for rule shall arm his and hand, strong with come will God Lord the Behold,
God! your Behold Judah, of cities the unto say afraid; not be up, it lift strength; with voice thy up lift tidings, good bringest that Jerusalem, O mountain; high the into up thee get tidings, good bringest that Zion, O
ever. for stand shall God our of word the but fadeth: flower the withereth, grass The
grass. is people the surely it: upon bloweth Lord the of spirit the because fadeth: flower the withereth, grass The
field: the of flower the as is thereof goodliness the all and grass, is flesh All cry? I shall What said, he And Cry. said, voice The
it. spoken hath Lord the of mouth the for together: it see shall flesh all and revealed, be shall Lord the of glory the And
plain: places rough the and straight, made be shall crooked the and low: made be shall hill and mountain every and exalted, be shall valley Every
God. our for highway a desert the in straight make , Lord the of way the ye Prepare wilderness, the in crieth that him of voice The
sins. her all for double hand 's Lord the of received hath she for pardoned: is iniquity her that accomplished, is warfare her that her, unto cry and Jerusalem, to comfortably ye Speak
God. your saith people, my ye comfort ye, Comfort
days. my in truth and peace be shall there For moreover, said He spoken. hast thou which Lord the of word the is Good Isaiah, to Hezekiah said Then
Babylon. of king the of palace the in eunuchs be shall they and away; take they shall beget, shalt thou which thee, from issue shall that sons thy of And
. Lord the saith left, be shall nothing Babylon: to carried be shall day, this until store in up laid have fathers thy which that and house, thine in is that all that come, days the Behold,
hosts: of Lord the of word the Hear Hezekiah, to Isaiah said Then
them. shewed not have I that treasures my among nothing is there seen: they have house mine in is that All answered, Hezekiah And house? thine in seen they have What he, said Then
Babylon. from even me, unto country far a from come are They said, Hezekiah And thee? unto they came whence from and men? these said What him, unto said and Hezekiah, king unto prophet the Isaiah came Then
not. them shewed Hezekiah that dominion, his all in nor house, his in nothing was there treasures: his in found was that all and armour, his of house the all and ointment, precious the and spices, the and gold, the and silver, the things, precious his of house the them shewed and them, of glad was Hezekiah And
recovered. was and sick, been had he that heard had he for Hezekiah: to present a and letters sent Babylon, of king Baladan, of son the Merodachbaladan, time that At
? Lord the of house the to up go shall I that sign the is What said, had also Hezekiah
recover. shall he and boil, the upon plaister a for it lay and figs, of lump a take them Let said, had Isaiah For
. Lord the of house the in life our of days the all instruments stringed the to songs my sing will we therefore me: save to ready was Lord The
truth. thy known make shall children the to father the day: this do I as thee, praise shall he living, the living, The
truth. thy for hope cannot pit the into down go that they thee: celebrate not can death thee, praise cannot grave the For
back. thy behind sins my all cast hast thou for corruption: of pit the from it delivered soul my to love in hast thou but bitterness: great had I peace for Behold,
live. to me make and me, recover thou wilt so spirit: my of life the is things these all in and live, men things these by , Lord O
soul. my of bitterness the in years my all softly go shall I it: done hath himself and me, unto spoken both hath he say? I shall What
me. for undertake oppressed; am I , Lord O upward: looking with fail eyes mine dove: a as mourn did I chatter: I did so swallow, a or crane a Like
me. of end an make thou wilt night to even day from bones: my all break he will so lion, a as that, morning, till reckoned I
me. of end an make thou wilt night to even day from sickness: pining with off me cut will he life: my weaver a like off cut have I tent: shepherd's a as me from removed is and departed, is age Mine
world. the of inhabitants the with more no man behold shall I living: the of land the in , Lord the even , Lord the see not shall I said, I
years. my of residue the of deprived am I grave: the of gates the to go shall I days, my of off cutting the in said I
sickness: his of recovered was and sick, been had he when Judah, of king Hezekiah of writing The
down. gone was it degrees which by degrees, ten returned sun the So backward. degrees ten Ahaz, of dial sun the in down gone is which degrees, the of shadow the again bring will I Behold,
spoken; hath he that thing this do will Lord the that , Lord the from thee unto sign a be shall this And
city. this defend will I and Assyria: of king the of hand the of out city this and thee deliver will I And
years. fifteen days thy unto add will I behold, tears: thy seen have I prayer, thy heard have I father, thy David of God the , Lord the saith Thus Hezekiah, to say and Go,
saying, Isaiah, to Lord the of word the came Then
sore. wept Hezekiah And sight. thy in good is which that done have and heart, perfect a with and truth in thee before walked have I how thee, beseech I , Lord O now, Remember said, And
, Lord the unto prayed and wall, the toward face his turned Hezekiah Then
live. not and die, shalt thou for order: in house thine Set , Lord the saith Thus him, unto said and him, unto came Amoz of son the prophet the Isaiah And death. unto sick Hezekiah was days those In
stead. his in reigned son his Esarhaddon and Armenia: of land the into escaped they and sword; the with him smote sons his Sharezer and Adrammelech that god, his Nisroch of house the in worshipping was he as pass, to came it And
Nineveh. at dwelt and returned, and went and departed, Assyria of king Sennacherib So
corpses. dead all were they behold, morning, the in early arose they when and thousand: five and fourscore and hundred a Assyrians the of camp the in smote and forth, went Lord the of angel the Then
sake. David's servant my for and sake, own mine for it save to city this defend will I For
. Lord the saith city, this into come not shall and return, he shall same the by came, he that way the By
it. against bank a cast nor shields, with it before come nor there, arrow an shoot nor city, this into come not shall He Assyria, of king the concerning Lord the saith thus Therefore
this. do shall hosts of Lord the of zeal the Zion: mount of out escape that they and remnant, a forth go shall Jerusalem of out For
upward: fruit bear and downward, root take again shall Judah of house the of escaped is that remnant the And
thereof. fruit the eat and vineyards, plant and reap, and ye, sow year third the in and same: the of springeth which that year second the and itself; of groweth as such year this eat shall Ye thee, unto sign a be shall this And
camest. thou which by way the by back thee turn will I and lips, thy in bridle my and nose, thy in hook my put I will therefore ears, mine into up come is tumult, thy and me, against rage thy Because
me. against rage thy and in, coming thy and out, going thy and abode, thy know I But
up. grown be it before blasted corn as and housetops, the on grass the as herb, green the as and field, the of grass the as were they confounded: and dismayed were they power, small of were inhabitants their Therefore
heaps. ruinous into cities defenced waste lay to be shouldest thou that pass, to it brought I have now it? formed have I that times, ancient of and it; done have I how ago, long heard not thou Hast
places. besieged the of rivers the all up dried I have feet my of sole the with and water; drunk and digged, have I
Carmel. his of forest the and border, his of height the into enter will I and thereof: trees fir choice the and thereof, cedars tall the down cut will I and Lebanon; of sides the to mountains, the of height the to up come I am chariots my of multitude the By said, hast and Lord, the reproached thou hast servants thy By
Israel. of One Holy the against even high? on eyes thine up lifted and voice, thy exalted thou hast whom against and blasphemed? and reproached thou hast Whom
thee. at head her shaken hath Jerusalem of daughter the scorn; to thee laughed and thee, despised hath Zion, of daughter the virgin, The him; concerning spoken hath Lord the which word the is This
Assyria: of king Sennacherib against me to prayed hast thou Whereas Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus saying, Hezekiah, unto sent Amoz of son the Isaiah Then
only. thou even , Lord the art thou that know may earth the of kingdoms the all that hand, his from us save God, our Lord O therefore, Now
them. destroyed have they therefore stone: and wood hands, men's of work the but gods, no were they for fire: the into gods their cast have And
countries, their and nations, the all waste laid have Assyria of kings the , Lord truth, a Of
God. living the reproach to sent hath which Sennacherib, of words the all hear and see: and , Lord O eyes, thine open hear; and , Lord O ear, thine Incline
earth. and heaven made hast thou earth: the of kingdoms the all of alone, thou even God, the art thou cherubims, the between dwellest that Israel, of God hosts, of Lord O
saying, , Lord the unto prayed Hezekiah And
. Lord the before it spread and , Lord the of house the unto up went Hezekiah and it: read and messengers, the of hand the from letter the received Hezekiah And
Ivah? and Hena, Sepharvaim, of city the of king the and Arphad, of king the and Hamath, of king the is Where
Telassar? in were which Eden of children the and Rezeph, and Haran, and Gozan, as destroyed, have fathers my which them delivered nations the of gods the Have
delivered? be thou shalt and utterly; them destroying by lands all to done have Assyria of kings the what heard hast thou Behold,
Assyria. of king the of hand the into given be not shall Jerusalem saying, thee, deceive trustest, thou whom in God, thy not Let saying, Judah, of king Hezekiah to speak ye shall Thus
saying, Hezekiah, to messengers sent he it, heard he when And thee. with war make to forth come is He Ethiopia, of king Tirhakah concerning say heard he And
Lachish. from departed was he that heard had he for Libnah: against warring Assyria of king the found and returned, Rabshakeh So
land. own his in sword the by fall to him cause will I and land; own his to return and rumour, a hear shall he and him, upon blast a send will I Behold,
me. blasphemed have Assyria of king the of servants the wherewith heard, hast thou that words the of afraid not Be , Lord the saith Thus master, your unto say ye shall Thus them, unto said Isaiah And
Isaiah. to came Hezekiah king of servants the So
left. is that remnant the for prayer thy up lift wherefore heard: hath God thy Lord the which words the reprove will and God, living the reproach to sent hath master his Assyria of king the whom Rabshakeh, of words the hear will God thy Lord the be may It
forth. bring to strength not is there and birth, the to come are children the for blasphemy: of and rebuke, of and trouble, of day a is day This Hezekiah, saith Thus him, unto said they And
Amoz. of son the prophet the Isaiah unto sackcloth, with covered priests the of elders the and scribe, the Shebna and household, the over was who Eliakim, sent he And
. Lord the of house the into went and sackcloth, with himself covered and clothes, his rent he that it, heard Hezekiah king when pass, to came it And
Rabshakeh. of words the him told and rent, clothes their with Hezekiah to recorder, the Asaph, of son the Joah, and scribe, the Shebna and household, the over was that Hilkiah, of son the Eliakim, came Then
not. him Answer saying, was, commandment king's the for word: a not him answered and peace, their held they But
hand? my of out Jerusalem deliver should Lord the that hand, my of out land their delivered have that lands, these of gods the all among they are Who
hand? my of out Samaria delivered they have and Sepharvaim? of gods the are where Arphad? and Hamath of gods the are Where
Assyria? of king the of hand the of out land his delivered nations the of gods the of any Hath us. deliver will Lord the saying, you, persuade Hezekiah lest Beware
vineyards. and bread of land a wine, and corn of land a land, own your like land a to away you take and come I Until
cistern; own his of waters the one every ye drink and tree, fig his of one every and vine, his of one every ye eat and me: to out come and present, a by me with agreement an Make Assyria, of king the saith thus for Hezekiah: to not Hearken
Assyria. of king the of hand the into delivered be not shall city this us: deliver surely will Lord The saying, , Lord the in trust you make Hezekiah let Neither
you. deliver to able be not shall he for you: deceive Hezekiah not Let king, the saith Thus
Assyria. of king the king, great the of words the ye Hear said, and language, Jews' the in voice loud a with cried and stood, Rabshakeh Then
you? with piss own their drink and dung, own their eat may they that wall, the upon sit that men the to me sent not he hath words? these speak to thee to and master thy to me sent master my Hath said, Rabshakeh But
wall. the on are that people the of ears the in language, Jews' the in us to not speak and it: understand we for language; Syrian the in servants thy unto thee, pray I Speak, Rabshakeh, unto Joah and Shebna and Eliakim said Then
it. destroy and land, this against up Go me, unto said Lord the it? destroy to land this against Lord the without up come now I am And
horsemen? for and chariots for Egypt on trust thy put and servants, master's my of least the of captain one of face the away turn thou wilt then How
them. upon riders set to part thy on able be thou if horses, thousand two thee give will I and Assyria, of king the master my to thee, pray I pledges, give therefore Now
altar? this before worship shall Ye Jerusalem, to and Judah to said and away, taken hath Hezekiah altars whose and places high whose he, not it is God: our Lord the in trust We me, to say thou if But
him. in trust that all to Egypt of king Pharaoh is so it: pierce and hand, his into go will it lean, man a if whereon Egypt; on reed, broken this of staff the in trustest thou Lo,
me? against rebellest thou that trust, thou dost whom on now war: for strength and counsel have I words) vain but are they (but thou, sayest say, I
trustest? thou wherein this is confidence What Assyria, of king the king, great the saith Thus Hezekiah, to now ye Say them, unto said Rabshakeh And
recorder. the son, Asaph's Joah, and scribe, the Shebna and house, the over was which son, Hilkiah's Eliakim, him unto forth came Then
field. fuller's the of highway the in pool upper the of conduit the by stood he And army. great a with Hezekiah king unto Jerusalem to Lachish from Rabshakeh sent Assyria of king the And
them. took and Judah, of cities defenced the all against up came Assyria of king Sennacherib that Hezekiah, king of year fourteenth the in pass to came it Now
away. flee shall sighing and sorrow and gladness, and joy obtain shall they heads: their upon joy everlasting and songs with Zion to come and return, shall Lord the of ransomed the And
there: walk shall redeemed the but there; found be not shall it thereon, up go shall beast ravenous any nor there, be shall lion No
therein. err not shall fools, though men, wayfaring the those: for be shall it but it; over pass not shall unclean the holiness; of way The called be shall it and way, a and there, be shall highway an And
rushes. and reeds with grass be shall lay, each where dragons, of habitation the in water: of springs land thirsty the and pool, a become shall ground parched the And
desert. the in streams and out, break waters shall wilderness the in for sing: dumb the of tongue the and hart, an as leap man lame the shall Then
unstopped. be shall deaf the of ears the and opened, be shall blind the of eyes the Then
you. save and come will he recompence; a with God even vengeance, with come will God your behold, not: fear strong, Be heart, fearful a of are that them to Say
knees. feeble the confirm and hands, weak the ye Strengthen
God. our of excellency the and , Lord the of glory the see shall they Sharon, and Carmel of excellency the it, unto given be shall Lebanon of glory the singing: and joy with even rejoice and abundantly, blossom shall It
rose. the as blossom and rejoice, shall desert the and them; for glad be shall place solitary the and wilderness The
therein. dwell they shall generation to generation from ever, for it possess shall they line: by them unto it divided hath hand his and them, for lot the cast hath he And
them. gathered hath it spirit his and commanded, hath it mouth my for mate: her want shall none fail, shall these of one no read: and , Lord the of book the of out ye Seek
mate. her with one every gathered, be also vultures the shall there shadow: her under gather and hatch, and lay, and nest, her make owl great the shall There
rest. of place a herself for find and there, rest shall also owl screech the fellow; his to cry shall satyr the and island, the of beasts wild the with meet also shall desert the of beasts wild The
owls. for court a and dragons, of habitation an be shall it and thereof: fortresses the in brambles and nettles palaces, her in up come shall thorns And
nothing. be shall princes her all and there, be shall none but kingdom, the to thereof nobles the call shall They
emptiness. of stones the and confusion, of line the it upon out stretch shall he and it: in dwell shall raven the and also owl the it; possess shall bittern the and cormorant the But
ever. and ever for it through pass shall none waste; lie shall it generation to generation from ever: for up go shall thereof smoke the day; nor night quenched be not shall It
pitch. burning become shall thereof land the and brimstone, into thereof dust the and pitch, into turned be shall thereof streams the And
Zion. of controversy the for recompences of year the and vengeance, 's Lord the of day the is it For
fatness. with fat made dust their and blood, with soaked be shall land their and bulls; the with bullocks the and them, with down come shall unicorns the And
Idumea. of land the in slaughter great a and Bozrah, in sacrifice a hath Lord the for rams: of kidneys the of fat the with goats, and lambs of blood the with and fatness, with fat made is it blood, with filled is Lord the of sword The
judgment. to curse, my of people the upon and Idumea, upon down come shall it behold, heaven: in bathed be shall sword my For
tree. fig the from fig falling a as and vine, the from off falleth leaf the as down, fall shall host their all and scroll: a as together rolled be shall heavens the and dissolved, be shall heaven of host the all And
blood. their with melted be shall mountains the and carcases, their of out up come shall stink their and out, cast be shall also slain Their
slaughter. the to them delivered hath he them, destroyed utterly hath he armies: their all upon fury his and nations, all upon is Lord the of indignation the For
it. of forth come that things all and world, the therein; is that all and hear, earth the let people: ye hearken, and hear; to nations, ye near, Come
iniquity. their forgiven be shall therein dwell that people the sick: am I say, not shall inhabitant the And
prey. the take lame the divided; spoil great a of prey the is then sail: the spread not could they mast, their strengthen well not could they loosed; are tacklings Thy
us. save will he king; our is Lord the lawgiver, our is Lord the judge, our is Lord the For
thereby. pass ship gallant shall neither oars, with galley no go shall wherein streams; and rivers broad of place a us unto be will Lord glorious the there But
broken. be thereof cords the of any shall neither removed, be ever shall thereof stakes the of one not down; taken be not shall that tabernacle a habitation, quiet a Jerusalem see shall eyes thine solemnities: our of city the Zion, upon Look
understand. not canst thou that tongue, stammering a of perceive; canst thou than speech deeper a of people a people, fierce a see not shalt Thou
towers? the counted that he is where receiver? the is where scribe? the is Where terror. meditate shall heart Thine
off. far very is that land the behold shall they beauty: his in king the see shall eyes Thine
sure. be shall waters his him; given be shall bread rocks: of munitions the be shall defence of place his high: on dwell shall He
evil; seeing from eyes his shutteth and blood, of hearing from ears his stoppeth that bribes, of holding from hands his shaketh that oppressions, of gain the despiseth that he uprightly; speaketh and righteously, walketh that He
burnings? everlasting with dwell shall us among who fire? devouring the with dwell shall us among Who hypocrites. the surprised hath fearfulness afraid; are Zion in sinners The
might. my acknowledge near, are that ye and, done; have I what off, far are that ye Hear,
fire. the in burned be they shall up cut thorns as lime: of burnings the as be shall people the And
you. devour shall fire, as breath, your stubble: forth bring shall ye chaff, conceive shall Ye
myself. up lift I will now exalted; be I will now ; Lord the saith rise, I will Now
fruits. their off shake Carmel and Bashan and wilderness; a like is Sharon down: hewn and ashamed is Lebanon languisheth: and mourneth earth The
man. no regardeth he cities, the despised hath he covenant, the broken hath he ceaseth: man wayfaring the waste, lie highways The
bitterly. weep shall peace of ambassadors the without: cry shall ones valiant their Behold,
treasure. his is Lord the of fear the salvation: of strength and times, thy of stability the be shall knowledge and wisdom And
righteousness. and judgment with Zion filled hath he high: on dwelleth he for exalted; is Lord The
them. upon run he shall locusts of fro and to running the as caterpiller: the of gathering the like gathered be shall spoil your And
scattered. were nations the thyself of up lifting the at fled; people the tumult the of noise the At
trouble. of time the in also salvation our morning, every arm their thou be thee: for waited have we us; unto gracious be , Lord O
thee. with treacherously deal shall they treacherously, deal to end an make shalt thou when and spoiled; be shalt thou spoil, to cease shalt thou when thee! with treacherously not dealt they and treacherously, dealest and spoiled; not wast thou and spoilest, that thee to Woe
ass. the and ox the of feet the thither forth send that waters, all beside sow that ye are Blessed
place. low a in low be shall city the and forest; the on down coming hail, shall it When
places; resting quiet in and dwellings, sure in and habitation, peaceable a in dwell shall people my And
ever. for assurance and quietness righteousness of effect the and peace; be shall righteousness of work the And
field. fruitful the in remain righteousness and wilderness, the in dwell shall judgment Then
forest. a for counted be field fruitful the and field, fruitful a be wilderness the and high, on from us upon poured be spirit the Until
flocks; of pasture a asses, wild of joy a ever, for dens for be shall towers and forts the left; be shall city the of multitude the forsaken; be shall palaces the Because
city: joyous the in joy of houses the all upon yea, briers; and thorns up come shall people my of land the Upon
vine. fruitful the for fields, pleasant the for teats, the for lament shall They
loins. your upon sackcloth gird and bare, you make and you, strip ones: careless ye troubled, be ease; at are that women ye Tremble,
come. not shall gathering the fail, shall vintage the for women: careless ye troubled, be ye shall years and days Many
speech. my unto ear give daughters; careless ye voice, my hear ease; at are that women ye up, Rise
stand. he shall things liberal by and things; liberal deviseth liberal the But
right. speaketh needy the when even words, lying with poor the destroy to devices wicked deviseth he evil: are churl the of also instruments The
fail. to thirsty the of drink the cause will he and hungry, the of soul the empty make to , Lord the against error utter to and hypocrisy, practise to iniquity, work will heart his and villany, speak will person vile the For
bountiful. be to said churl the nor liberal, called more no be shall person vile The
plainly. speak to ready be shall stammerers the of tongue the and knowledge, understand shall rash the of also heart The
hearken. shall hear that them of ears the and dim, be not shall see that them of eyes the And
land. weary a in rock great a of shadow the as place, dry a in water of rivers as tempest; the from covert a and wind, the from place hiding an as be shall man a And
judgment. in rule shall princes and righteousness, in reign shall king a Behold,
Jerusalem. in furnace his and Zion, in is fire whose , Lord the saith ensign, the of afraid be shall princes his and fear, for hold strong his to over pass shall he And
discomfited. be shall men young his and sword, the from flee shall he but him: devour shall man, mean a of not sword, the and man; mighty a of not sword, the with fall Assyrian the shall Then
sin. a for you unto made have hands own your which gold, of idols his and silver, of idols his away cast shall man every day that in For
revolted. deeply have Israel of children the whom from him unto ye Turn
it. preserve will he over passing and it; deliver will he also defending Jerusalem; defend hosts of Lord the will so flying, birds As
thereof. hill the for and Zion, mount for fight to down come hosts of Lord the shall so them: of noise the for himself abase nor voice, their of afraid be not will he him, against forth called is shepherds of multitude a when prey, his on roaring lion young the and lion the as Like me, unto spoken Lord the hath thus For
together. fail shall all they and down, fall shall holpen is that he and fall, shall helpeth that he both hand, his out stretch shall Lord the When spirit. not and flesh, horses their and God; not and men, are Egyptians the Now
iniquity. work that them of help the against and evildoers, the of house the against arise will but words: his back call not will and evil, bring will and wise, is also he Yet
! Lord the seek neither Israel, of One Holy the unto not look they but strong; very are they because horsemen, in and many; are they because chariots, in trust and horses, on stay and help; for Egypt to down go that them to Woe
it. kindle doth brimstone, of stream a like , Lord the of breath the wood; much and fire is thereof pile the large: and deep it made hath he prepared; is it king the for yea, old; of ordained is Tophet For
it. with fight he will shaking of battles in and harps: and tabrets with be shall it him, upon lay shall Lord the which pass, shall staff grounded the where place every in And
rod. a with smote which down, beaten be Assyrian the shall Lord the of voice the through For
hailstones. and tempest, and scattering, with fire, devouring a of flame the with and anger, his of indignation the with arm, his of down lighting the shew shall and heard, be to voice glorious his cause shall Lord the And
Israel. of One mighty the to , Lord the of mountain the into come to pipe a with goeth one when as heart, of gladness and kept; is solemnity holy a when night the in as song, a have shall Ye
err. to them causing people, the of jaws the in bridle a be shall there and vanity: of sieve the with nations the sift to neck, the of midst the to reach shall stream, overflowing an as breath, his And
fire: devouring a as tongue his and indignation, of full are lips his heavy: is thereof burden the and anger, his with burning far, from cometh Lord the of name the Behold,
wound. their of stroke the healeth and people, his of breach the up bindeth Lord the that day the in days, seven of light the as sevenfold, be shall sun the of light the and sun, the of light the as be shall moon the of light the Moreover
fall. towers the when slaughter, great the of day the in waters of streams and rivers hill, high every upon and mountain, high every upon be shall there And
fan. the with and shovel the with winnowed been hath which provender, clean eat shall ground the ear that asses young the and likewise oxen The
pastures. large in feed cattle thy shall day that in plenteous: and fat be shall it and earth, the of increase the of bread and withal; ground the sow shalt thou that seed, thy of rain the give he shall Then
hence. thee Get it, unto say shalt thou cloth; menstruous a as away them cast shalt thou gold: of images molten thy of ornament the and silver, of images graven thy of covering the also defile shall Ye
left. the to turn ye when and hand, right the to turn ye when it, in ye walk way, the is This saying, thee, behind word a hear shall ears thine And
teachers: thy see shall eyes thine but more, any corner a into removed be teachers thy not shall yet affliction, of water the and adversity, of bread the you give Lord the though And
thee. answer will he it, hear shall he when cry; thy of voice the at thee unto gracious very be will he more: no weep shalt thou Jerusalem: at Zion in dwell shall people the For
him. for wait that they all are blessed judgment: of God a is Lord the for you: upon mercy have may he that exalted, be he will therefore and you, unto gracious be may he that wait, Lord the will therefore And
hill. an on ensign an as and mountain, a of top the upon beacon a as left be ye till flee: ye shall five of rebuke the at one; of rebuke the at flee shall thousand One
swift. be you pursue that they shall therefore swift; the upon ride will We and, flee: ye shall therefore horses; upon flee will we for No; said, ye But
not. would ye and strength: your be shall confidence in and quietness in saved; be ye shall rest and returning In Israel; of One Holy the , God Lord the saith thus For
pit. the of out withal water take to or hearth, the from fire take to sherd a it of bursting the in found be not shall there that so spare: not shall he pieces; in broken is that vessel potters' the of breaking the as it break shall he And
instant. an at suddenly cometh breaking whose wall, high a in out swelling fall, to ready breach a as you to be shall iniquity this Therefore
thereon: stay and perverseness, and oppression in trust and word, this despise ye Because Israel, of One Holy the saith thus Wherefore
us. before from cease to Israel of One Holy the cause path, the of out aside turn way, the of out you Get
deceits: prophesy things, smooth us unto speak things, right us unto not Prophesy prophets, the to and not; See seers, the to say Which
: Lord the of law the hear not will that children children, lying people, rebellious a is this That
ever: and ever for come to time the for be may it that book, a in it note and table, a in them before it write go, Now
still. sit to is strength Their this, concerning cried I have therefore purpose: no to and vain, in help shall Egyptians the For
them. profit not shall that people a to camels, of bunches the upon treasures their and asses, young of shoulders the upon riches their carry will they serpent, flying fiery and viper the lion, old and young the come whence from anguish, and trouble of land the into south: the of beasts the of burden The
reproach. a also and shame, a but profit, nor help an be nor them, profit not could that people a of ashamed all were They
Hanes. to came ambassadors his and Zoan, at were princes his For
confusion. your Egypt of shadow the in trust the and shame, your be Pharaoh of strength the shall Therefore
Egypt! of shadow the in trust to and Pharaoh, of strength the in themselves strengthen to mouth; my at asked not have and Egypt, into down go to walk That
sin: to sin add may they that spirit, my of not but covering, a with cover that and me; of not but counsel, take that , Lord the saith children, rebellious the to Woe
doctrine. learn shall murmured that they and understanding, to come shall spirit in erred that also They
Israel. of God the fear shall and Jacob, of One Holy the sanctify and name, my sanctify shall they him, of midst the in hands, mine of work the children, his seeth he when But
pale. wax now face his shall neither ashamed, be now not shall Jacob Jacob, of house the concerning Abraham, redeemed who , Lord the saith thus Therefore
nought. of thing a for just the aside turn and gate, the in reproveth that him for snare a lay and word, a for offender an man a make That
off: cut are iniquity for watch that all and consumed, is scorner the and nought, to brought is one terrible the For
Israel. of One Holy the in rejoice shall men among poor the and , Lord the in joy their increase shall also meek The
darkness. of out and obscurity, of out see shall blind the of eyes the and book, the of words the hear deaf the shall day that in And
forest? a as esteemed be shall field fruitful the and field, fruitful a into turned be shall Lebanon and while, little very a yet not it Is
understanding? no had He it, framed that him of say framed thing the shall or not? me made He it, made that him of say work the shall for clay: potter's the as esteemed be shall down upside things of turning your Surely
us? knoweth who and us? seeth Who say, they and dark, the in are works their and , Lord the from counsel their hide to deep seek that them unto Woe
hid. be shall men prudent their of understanding the and perish, shall men wise their of wisdom the for wonder: a and work marvellous a even people, this among work marvellous a do to proceed will I behold, Therefore,
men: of precept the by taught is me toward fear their and me, from far heart their removed have but me, honour do lips their with and mouth, their with me near draw people this as Forasmuch said, Lord the Wherefore
learned. not am I saith, he and thee: pray I this, Read saying, learned, not is that him to delivered is book the And
sealed: is it for cannot; I saith, he and thee: pray I this, Read saying, learned, is that one to deliver men which sealed, is that book a of words the as you unto become is all of vision the And
covered. he hath seers the rulers, your and prophets the eyes: your closed hath and sleep, deep of spirit the you upon out poured hath Lord the For
drink. strong with not but stagger, they wine; with not but drunken, are they cry: and out, ye cry wonder; and yourselves, Stay
Zion. mount against fight that be, nations the all of multitude the shall so appetite: hath soul his and faint, is he behold, and, awaketh, he but drinketh; he behold, and, dreameth, man thirsty a when as or empty: is soul his and awaketh, he but eateth; he behold, and, dreameth, man hungry an when as be even shall It
vision. night a of dream a as be shall her, distress that and munition, her and her against fight that all even Ariel, against fight that nations the all of multitude the And
fire. devouring of flame the and tempest, and storm with noise, great and earthquake, with and thunder, with hosts of Lord the of visited be shalt Thou
suddenly. instant an at be shall it yea, away: passeth that chaff as be shall ones terrible the of multitude the and dust, small like be shall strangers thy of multitude the Moreover
dust. the of out whisper shall speech thy and ground, the of out spirit, familiar a hath that one of as be, shall voice thy and dust, the of out low be shall speech thy and ground, the of out speak shalt and down, brought be shalt thou And
thee. against forts raise will I and mount, a with thee against siege lay will and about, round thee against camp will I And
Ariel. as me unto be shall it and sorrow: and heaviness be shall there and Ariel, distress will I Yet
sacrifices. kill them let year; to year ye add dwelt! David where city the Ariel, to Ariel, to Woe
working. in excellent and counsel, in wonderful is which hosts, of Lord the from forth cometh also This
horsemen. his with it bruise nor cart, his of wheel the with it break nor it, threshing be ever not will he because bruised; is corn Bread
rod. a with cummin the and staff, a with out beaten are fitches the but cummin; the upon about turned wheel cart a is neither instrument, threshing a with threshed not are fitches the For
him. teach doth and discretion, to him instruct doth God his For
place? their in rie the and barley appointed the and wheat principal the in cast and cummin, the scatter and fitches, the abroad cast not he doth thereof, face the plain made hath he When
ground? his of clods the break and open he doth sow? to day all plow plowman the Doth
speech. my hear and hearken, voice; my hear and ear, ye Give
earth. whole the upon determined even consumption, a hosts of God Lord the from heard have I for strong: made be bands your lest mockers, not ye be therefore Now
act. strange his act, his pass to bring and work; strange his work, his do may he that Gibeon, of valley the in as wroth be shall he Perazim, mount in as up rise shall Lord the For
it. in himself wrap can he that than narrower covering the and it: on himself stretch can man a that than shorter is bed the For
report. the understand to only vexation a be shall it and night: by and day by over, pass it shall morning by morning for you: take shall it forth goeth it that time the From
it. by down trodden be shall ye then through, pass shall scourge overflowing the when stand; not shall hell with agreement your and disannulled, be shall death with covenant your And
place. hiding the overflow shall waters the and lies, of refuge the away sweep shall hail the and plummet: the to righteousness and line, the to lay I will also Judgment
haste. make not shall believeth that he foundation: sure a stone, corner precious a stone, tried a stone, a foundation a for Zion in lay I Behold, , God Lord the saith thus Therefore
ourselves: hid we have falsehood under and refuge, our lies made have we for us: unto come not shall it through, pass shall scourge overflowing the when agreement; at we are hell with and death, with covenant a made have We said, have ye Because
Jerusalem. in is which people this rule that men, scornful ye , Lord the of word the hear Wherefore
taken. and snared, and broken, be and backward, fall and go, might they that little; a there and little, a here line; upon line line, upon line precept; upon precept precept, upon precept them unto was Lord the of word the But
hear. not would they yet refreshing: the is this and rest; to weary the cause may ye wherewith rest the is This said, he whom To
people. this to speak he will tongue another and lips stammering with For
little: a there and little, a here line; upon line line, upon line precept; upon precept precept, upon be must precept For
breasts. the from drawn and milk, the from weaned are that them doctrine? understand to make he shall whom and knowledge? teach he shall Whom
clean. place no is there that so filthiness, and vomit of full are tables all For
judgment. in stumble they vision, in err they drink; strong through way the of out are they wine, of up swallowed are they drink, strong through erred have prophet the and priest the way; the of out are drink strong through and wine, through erred have also they But
gate. the to battle the turn that them to strength for and judgment, in sitteth that him to judgment of spirit a for And
people, his of residue the unto beauty, of diadem a for and glory, of crown a for be hosts of Lord the shall day that In
up. it eateth he hand his in yet is it while seeth, it upon looketh that he when which summer; the before fruit hasty the as and flower, fading a be shall valley, fat the of head the on is which beauty, glorious the And
feet: under trodden be shall Ephraim, of drunkards the pride, of crown The
hand. the with earth the to down cast shall overflowing, waters mighty of flood a as storm, destroying a and hail of tempest a as which one, strong and mighty a hath Lord the Behold,
wine! with overcome are that them of valleys fat the of head the on are which flower, fading a is beauty glorious whose Ephraim, of drunkards the to pride, of crown the to Woe
Jerusalem. at mount holy the in Lord the worship shall and Egypt, of land the in outcasts the and Assyria, of land the in perish to ready were which come shall they and blown, be shall trumpet great the that day, that in pass to come shall it And
Israel. of children ye O one, by one gathered be shall ye and Egypt, of stream the unto river the of channel the from off beat shall Lord the that day, that in pass to come shall it And
favour. no them shew will them formed that he and them, on mercy have not will them made that he therefore understanding: no of people a is it for fire: on them set and come, women the off: broken be shall they withered, are thereof boughs the When
thereof. branches the consume and down, lie he shall there and feed, calf the shall there wilderness: a like left and forsaken, habitation the and desolate, be shall city defenced the Yet
up. stand not shall images and groves the sunder, in beaten are that chalkstones as altar the of stones the all maketh he when sin; his away take to fruit the all is this and purged; be Jacob of iniquity the shall therefore this By
wind. east the of day the in wind rough his stayeth he it: with debate wilt thou forth, shooteth it when measure, In
him? by slain are that them of slaughter the to according slain he is or him? smote that those smote he as him, smitten he Hath
fruit. with world the of face the fill and bud, and blossom shall Israel root: take to Jacob of come that them cause shall He
me. with peace make shall he and me; with peace make may he that strength, my of hold take him let Or
together. them burn would I them, through go would I battle? in me against thorns and briers the set would who me: in not is Fury
day. and night it keep will I it, hurt any lest moment: every it water will I it; keep do Lord the I
wine. red of vineyard A her, unto ye sing day that In
sea. the in is that dragon the slay shall he and serpent; crooked that leviathan even serpent, piercing the leviathan punish shall sword strong and great and sore his with Lord the day that In
slain. her cover more no shall and blood, her disclose shall also earth the iniquity: their for earth the of inhabitants the punish to place his of out cometh Lord the behold, For,
overpast. be indignation the until moment, little a for were it as thyself hide thee: about doors thy shut and chambers, thy into thou enter people, my Come,
dead. the out cast shall earth the and herbs, of dew the as is dew thy for dust: in dwell that ye sing, and Awake arise. they shall body dead my with together live, shall men dead Thy
fallen. world the of inhabitants the have neither earth; the in deliverance any wrought not have we wind; forth brought were it as have we pain, in been have we child, with been have We
. Lord O sight, thy in been we have so pangs; her in out crieth and pain, in is delivery, her of time the near draweth that child, with woman a as Like
them. upon was chastening thy when prayer a out poured they thee, visited they have trouble in , Lord
earth. the of ends the all unto far it removed hadst thou glorified: art thou nation: the increased hast thou , Lord O nation, the increased hast Thou
perish. to memory their all made and them, destroyed and visited thou hast therefore rise: not shall they deceased, are they live; not shall they dead, are They
name. thy of mention make we will only thee by but us: over dominion had have thee beside lords other God, our Lord O
us. in works our all wrought hast also thou for us: for peace ordain wilt thou , Lord
them. devour shall enemies thine of fire the yea, people; the at envy their for ashamed be and see, shall they but see: not will they up, lifted is hand thy when , Lord
. Lord the of majesty the behold not will and unjustly, deal he will uprightness of land the in righteousness: learn not he will yet wicked, the to shewed be favour Let
righteousness. learn will world the of inhabitants the earth, the in are judgments thy when for early: thee seek I will me within spirit my with yea, night; the in thee desired I have soul my With
thee. of remembrance the to and name, thy to is soul our of desire the thee; for waited we have , Lord O judgments, thy of way the in Yea,
just. the of path the weigh dost upright, most thou, uprightness: is just the of way The
needy. the of steps the and poor, the of feet the even down, it tread shall foot The
dust. the to even it bringeth he ground; the to even low, it layeth he low; it layeth he city, lofty the high; on dwell that them down bringeth he For
strength: everlasting is Jehovah Lord the in for ever: for Lord the in ye Trust
thee. in trusteth he because thee: on stayed is mind whose peace, perfect in him keep wilt Thou
in. enter may truth the keepeth which nation righteous the that gates, the ye Open
bulwarks. and walls for appoint God will salvation city; strong a have We Judah; of land the in sung be song this shall day that In
dust. the to even ground, the to bring and low, lay down, bring he shall walls thy of fort high the of fortress the And
hands. their of spoils the with together pride their down bring shall he and swim: to hands his forth spreadeth swimmeth that he as them, of midst the in hands his forth spread shall he And
dunghill. the for down trodden is straw as even him, under down trodden be shall Moab and rest, Lord the of hand the shall mountain this in For
salvation. his in rejoice and glad be will we him, for waited have we ; Lord the is this us: save will he and him, for waited have we God; our is this Lo, day, that in said be shall it And
it. spoken hath Lord the for earth: the all off from away take he shall people his of rebuke the and faces; all off from tears away wipe will God Lord the and victory; in death up swallow will He
nations. all over spread is that vail the and people, all over cast covering the of face the mountain this in destroy will he And
refined. well lees the on wines of marrow, of full things fat of lees, the on wines of feast a things, fat of feast a people all unto make hosts of Lord the shall mountain this in And
low. brought be shall ones terrible the of branch the cloud: a of shadow the with heat the even place; dry a in heat the as strangers, of noise the down bring shalt Thou
wall. the against storm a as is ones terrible the of blast the when heat, the from shadow a storm, the from refuge a distress, his in needy the to strength a poor, the to strength a been hast thou For
thee. fear shall nations terrible the of city the thee, glorify people strong the shall Therefore
built. be never shall it city; no be to strangers of palace a ruin: a city defenced a of heap; an city a of made hast thou For
truth. and faithfulness are old of counsels thy things; wonderful done hast thou for name; thy praise will I thee, exalt will I God; my art thou Lord, O
gloriously. ancients his before and Jerusalem, in and Zion, mount in reign shall hosts of Lord the when ashamed, sun the and confounded, be shall moon the Then
visited. be they shall days many after and prison, the in up shut be shall and pit, the in gathered are prisoners as together, gathered be shall they And
earth. the upon earth the of kings the and high, on are that ones high the of host the punish shall Lord the that day, that in pass to come shall it And
again. rise not and fall, shall it and it; upon heavy be shall thereof transgression the and cottage; a like removed be shall and drunkard, a like fro and to reel shall earth The
exceedingly. moved is earth the dissolved, clean is earth the down, broken utterly is earth The
shake. do earth the of foundations the and open, are high on from windows the for snare: the in taken be shall pit the of midst the of out up cometh that he and pit; the into fall shall fear the of noise the from fleeth who he that pass, to come shall it And
earth. the of inhabitant O thee, upon are snare, the and pit, the and Fear,
treacherously. very dealt have dealers treacherous the yea, treacherously; dealt have dealers treacherous the me! unto woe leanness, my leanness, My said, I But righteous. the to glory even songs, heard we have earth the of part uttermost the From
sea. the of isles the in Israel of God Lord the of name the even fires, the in Lord the ye glorify Wherefore
sea. the from aloud cry shall they , Lord the of majesty the for sing shall they voice, their up lift shall They
done. is vintage the when grapes gleaning the as and tree, olive an of shaking the as be shall there people, the among land the of midst the in be shall it thus When
destruction. with smitten is gate the and desolation, left is city the In
gone. is land the of mirth the darkened, is joy all streets; the in wine for crying a is There
in. come may man no that up, shut is house every down: broken is confusion of city The
it. drink that them to bitter be shall drink strong song; a with wine drink not shall They
ceaseth. harp the of joy the endeth, rejoice that them of noise the ceaseth, tabrets of mirth The
sigh. do merryhearted the all languisheth, vine the mourneth, wine new The
left. men few and burned, are earth the of inhabitants the therefore desolate: are therein dwell that they and earth, the devoured curse the hath Therefore
covenant. everlasting the broken ordinance, the changed laws, the transgressed have they because thereof; inhabitants the under defiled is also earth The
languish. do earth the of people haughty the away, fadeth and languisheth world the away, fadeth and mourneth earth The
word. this spoken hath Lord the for spoiled: utterly and emptied, utterly be shall land The
him. to usury of giver the with so usury, of taker the with as borrower; the with so lender, the with as seller; the with so buyer, the with as mistress; her with so maid, the with as master; his with so servant, the with as priest; the with so people, the with as be, shall it And
thereof. inhabitants the abroad scattereth and down, upside it turneth and waste, it maketh and empty, earth the maketh Lord the Behold,
clothing. durable for and sufficiently, eat to , Lord the before dwell that them for be shall merchandise her for up; laid nor treasured be not shall it : Lord the to holiness be shall hire her and merchandise her And
earth. the of face the upon world the of kingdoms the all with fornication commit shall and hire, her to turn shall she and Tyre, visit will Lord the that years, seventy of end the after pass to come shall it And
remembered. be mayest thou that songs, many sing melody, sweet make forgotten; been hast that harlot thou city, the about go harp, an Take
harlot. an as sing Tyre shall years seventy of end the after king: one of days the to according years, seventy forgotten be shall Tyre that day, that in pass to come shall it And
waste. laid is strength your for Tarshish: of ships ye Howl,
ruin. to it brought he and thereof; palaces the up raised they thereof, towers the up set they wilderness: the in dwell that them for it founded Assyrian the till not, was people this Chaldeans; the of land the Behold
rest. no have thou shalt also there Chittim; to over pass arise, Zidon: of daughter virgin, oppressed thou O rejoice, more no shalt Thou said, he And
thereof. holds strong the destroy to city, merchant the against commandment a given hath Lord the kingdoms: the shook he sea, the over hand his out stretched He
strength. more no is there Tarshish: of daughter O river, a as land thy through Pass
earth. the of honourable the all contempt into bring to and glory, all of pride the stain to it, purposed hath hosts of Lord The
earth? the of honourable the are traffickers whose princes, are merchants whose city, crowning the Tyre, against counsel this taken hath Who
sojourn. to off afar her carry shall feet own her days? ancient of is antiquity whose city, joyous your this Is
isle. the of inhabitants ye howl, Tarshish; to over ye Pass
Tyre. of report the at pained sorely be they shall so Egypt, concerning report the at As
virgins. up bring nor men, young up nourish I do neither children, forth bring nor not, travail I saying, sea, the of strength the even spoken, hath sea the for Zidon: O ashamed, thou Be
nations. of mart a is she and revenue; her is river, the of harvest the Sihor, of seed the waters great by And
replenished. have sea, the over pass that Zidon, of merchants the whom thou isle; the of inhabitants ye still, Be
them. to revealed is it Chittim of land the from in: entering no house, no is there that so waste, laid is it for Tarshish; of ships ye Howl, Tyre. of burden The
it. spoken hath Lord the for off: cut be shall it upon was that burden the and fall; and down, cut be and removed, be place sure the in fastened is that nail the shall hosts, of Lord the saith day, that In
flagons. of vessels the all to even cups, of vessels the from quantity, small of vessels all issue, the and offspring the house, father's his of glory the all him upon hang shall they And
house. father's his to throne glorious a for be shall he and place; sure a in nail a as him fasten will I And
open. shall none and shut, shall he and shut; shall none and open, shall he so shoulder; his upon lay I will David of house the of key the And
Judah. of house the to and Jerusalem, of inhabitants the to father a be shall he and hand: his into government thy commit will I and girdle, thy with him strengthen and robe, thy with him clothe will I And
Hilkiah: of son the Eliakim servant my call will I that day, that in pass to come shall it And
down. thee pull he shall state thy from and station, thy from thee drive will I And
house. lord's thy of shame the be shall glory thy of chariots the there and die, thou shalt there country: large a into ball a like thee toss and turn violently surely will He
thee. cover surely will and captivity, mighty a with away thee carry will Lord the Behold,
rock? a in himself for habitation an graveth that and high, on sepulchre a out him heweth that he as here, sepulchre a out thee hewed hast thou that here, thou hast whom and here? thou hast What
say, and house, the over is which Shebna, unto even treasurer, this unto thee get Go, hosts, of God Lord the saith Thus
hosts. of God Lord the saith die, ye till you from purged be not shall iniquity this Surely hosts, of Lord the by ears mine in revealed was it And
die. shall we morrow to for drink; and eat us let wine: drinking and flesh, eating sheep, killing and oxen, slaying gladness, and joy behold And
sackcloth: with girding to and baldness, to and mourning, to and weeping, to call hosts of God Lord the did day that in And
ago. long it fashioned that him unto respect had neither thereof, maker the unto looked not have ye but pool: old the of water the for walls two the between ditch a also made Ye
wall. the fortify to down broken ye have houses the and Jerusalem, of houses the numbered have ye And
pool. lower the of waters the together gathered ye and many: are they that David, of city the of breaches the also seen have Ye
forest. the of house the of armour the to day that in look didst thou and Judah, of covering the discovered he And
gate. the at array in themselves set shall horsemen the and chariots, of full be shall valleys choicest thy that pass, to come shall it And
shield. the uncovered Kir and horsemen, and men of chariots with quiver the bare Elam And
mountains. the to crying of and walls, the down breaking vision, of valley the in hosts of God Lord the by perplexity of and down, treading of and trouble, of day a is it For
people. my of daughter the of spoiling the of because me, comfort to not labour bitterly, weep will I me; from away Look I, said Therefore
far. from fled have which together, bound are thee in found are that all archers: the by bound are they together, fled are rulers thy All
battle. in dead nor sword, the with slain not are men slain thy city: joyous city, tumultuous a stirs, of full art that Thou
housetops? the to up gone wholly art thou that now, thee aileth What vision. of valley the of burden The
it. spoken hath Israel of God Lord the for diminished: be shall Kedar, of children the of men mighty the archers, of number the of residue the And
fail: shall Kedar of glory the all and hireling, an of years the to according year, a Within me, unto said Lord the hath thus For
war. of grievousness the from and bow, bent the from and sword, drawn the from swords, the from fled they For
fled. that him bread their with prevented they thirsty, was that him to water brought Tema of land the of inhabitants The
Dedanim. of companies travelling ye O lodge, ye shall Arabia in forest the In Arabia. upon burden The
come. return, ye: enquire enquire, will ye if night: the also and cometh, morning The said, watchman The
night? the of what Watchman, night? the of what Watchman, Seir, of out me to calleth He Dumah. of burden The
you. unto declared I have Israel, of God the hosts, of Lord the of heard have I which that floor: my of corn the and threshing, my O
ground. the unto broken hath he gods her of images graven the all and fallen; is fallen, is Babylon said, and answered he And horsemen. of couple a with men, of chariot a cometh here behold, And,
nights: whole ward my in set am I and daytime, the in watchtower the upon continually stand I lord, My lion: A cried, he And
heed: much with diligently hearkened he and camels; of chariot a and asses, of chariot a horsemen, of couple a with chariot a saw he And
seeth. he what declare him let watchman, a set Go, me, unto said Lord the hath thus For
shield. the anoint and princes, ye arise, drink: eat, watchtower, the in watch table, the Prepare
me. unto fear into turned he hath pleasure my of night the me: affrighted fearfulness panted, heart My
it. of seeing the at dismayed was I it; of hearing the at down bowed was I travaileth: that woman a of pangs the as me, upon hold taken have pangs pain: with filled loins my are Therefore
cease. to made I have thereof sighing the all Media; O besiege, Elam: O up, Go spoileth. spoiler the and treacherously, dealeth dealer treacherous the me; unto declared is vision grievous A
land. terrible a from desert, the from cometh it so through; pass south the in whirlwinds As sea. the of desert the of burden The
escape? we shall how and Assyria: of king the from delivered be to help for flee we whither expectation, our is such Behold, day, that in say shall isle this of inhabitant the And
glory. their Egypt of and expectation, their Ethiopia of ashamed and afraid be shall they And
Egypt. of shame the to uncovered, buttocks their with even barefoot, and naked old, and young captives, Ethiopians the and prisoners, Egyptians the away lead Assyria of king the shall So
Ethiopia; upon and Egypt upon wonder and sign a for years three barefoot and naked walked hath Isaiah servant my as Like said, Lord the And
barefoot. and naked walking so, did he And foot. thy from shoe thy off put and loins, thy off from sackcloth the loose and Go saying, Amoz, of son the Isaiah by Lord the spake time same the At
it; took and Ashdod, against fought and him,) sent Assyria of king the Sargon (when Ashdod, unto came Tartan that year the In
inheritance. mine Israel and hands, my of work the Assyria and people, my Egypt be Blessed saying, bless, shall hosts of Lord the Whom
land: the of midst the in blessing a even Assyria, with and Egypt with third the be Israel shall day that In
Assyrians. the with serve shall Egyptians the and Assyria, into Egyptian the and Egypt, into come shall Assyrian the and Assyria, to Egypt of out highway a be there shall day that In
them. heal shall and them, of intreated be shall he and , Lord the to even return shall they and it: heal and smite shall he Egypt: smite shall Lord the And
it. perform and , Lord the unto vow a vow shall they yea, oblation; and sacrifice do shall and day, that in Lord the know shall Egyptians the and Egypt, to known be shall Lord the And
them. deliver shall he and one, great a and saviour, a them send shall he and oppressors, the of because Lord the unto cry shall they for Egypt: of land the in hosts of Lord the unto witness a for and sign a for be shall it And
. Lord the to thereof border the at pillar a and Egypt, of land the of midst the in Lord the to altar an be there shall day that In
destruction. of city The called, be shall one hosts; of Lord the to swear and Canaan, of language the speak Egypt of land the in cities five shall day that In
it. against determined hath he which hosts, of Lord the of counsel the of because himself, in afraid be shall thereof mention maketh that one every Egypt, unto terror a be shall Judah of land the And
it. over shaketh he which hosts, of Lord the of hand the of shaking the of because fear and afraid be shall it and women: unto like be Egypt shall day that In
do. may rush, or branch tail, or head the which Egypt, for work any be there shall Neither
vomit. his in staggereth man drunken a as thereof, work every in err to Egypt caused have they and thereof: midst the in spirit perverse a mingled hath Lord The
thereof. tribes the of stay the are that they even Egypt, seduced also have they deceived; are Noph of princes the fools, become are Zoan of princes The
Egypt. upon purposed hath hosts of Lord the what know them let and now, thee tell them let and men? wise thy are where they? are Where
kings? ancient of son the wise, the of son the am I Pharaoh, unto ye say how brutish: become is Pharaoh of counsellors wise the of counsel the fools, are Zoan of princes the Surely
fish. for ponds and sluices make that all thereof, purposes the in broken be shall they And
confounded. be shall networks, weave that they and flax, fine in work that they Moreover
languish. shall waters the upon nets spread that they and lament, shall brooks the into angle cast that they all and mourn, shall also fishers The
more. no be and away, driven be wither, shall brooks, the by sown thing every and brooks, the of mouth the by brooks, the by reeds paper The
wither. shall flags and reeds the up: dried and emptied be shall defence of brooks the and away; far rivers the turn shall they And
up. dried and wasted be shall river the and sea, the from fail shall waters the And
hosts. of Lord the Lord, the saith them, over rule shall king fierce a and lord; cruel a of hand the into over give I will Egyptians the And
wizards. the to and spirits, familiar have that them to and charmers, the to and idols, the to seek shall they and thereof: counsel the destroy will I and thereof; midst the in fail shall Egypt of spirit the And
kingdom. against kingdom and city, against city neighbour; his against one every and brother, his against one every fight shall they and Egyptians: the against Egyptians the set will I And
it. of midst the in melt shall Egypt of heart the and presence, his at moved be shall Egypt of idols the and Egypt: into come shall and cloud, swift a upon rideth Lord the Behold, Egypt. of burden The
Zion. mount the hosts, of Lord the of name the of place the to spoiled, have rivers the land whose foot, under trodden and out meted nation a hitherto; beginning their from terrible people a from and peeled, and scattered people a of hosts of Lord the unto brought be present the shall time that In
them. upon winter shall earth the of beasts the all and them, upon summer shall fowls the and earth: the of beasts the to and mountains, the of fowls the unto together left be shall They
branches. the down cut and away take and hooks, pruning with sprigs the off cut both shall he flower, the in ripening is grape sour the and perfect, is bud the when harvest, the afore For
harvest. of heat the in dew of cloud a like and herbs, upon heat clear a like place dwelling my in consider will I and rest, my take will I me, unto said Lord the so For
ye. hear trumpet, a bloweth he when and mountains; the on ensign an up lifteth he when ye, see earth, the on dwellers and world, the of inhabitants ye All
spoiled! have rivers the land whose down, trodden and out meted nation a hitherto; beginning their from terrible people a to peeled, and scattered nation a to messengers, swift ye Go, saying, waters, the upon bulrushes of vessels in even sea, the by ambassadors sendeth That
Ethiopia: of rivers the beyond is which wings, with shadowing land the to Woe
us. rob that them of lot the and us, spoil that them of portion the is This not. is he morning the before and trouble; eveningtide at behold And
whirlwind. the before thing rolling a like and wind, the before mountains the of chaff the as chased be shall and off, far flee shall they and them, rebuke shall God but waters: many of rushing the like rush shall nations The
waters! mighty of rushing the like rushing a make that nations, of rushing the to and seas; the of noise the like noise a make which people, many of multitude the to Woe
sorrow. desperate of and grief of day the in heap a be shall harvest the but flourish: to seed thy make thou shalt morning the in and grow, to plant thy make thou shalt day the In
slips: strange with it set shalt and plants, pleasant plant thou shalt therefore strength, thy of rock the of mindful been not hast and salvation, thy of God the forgotten hast thou Because
desolation. be shall there and Israel: of children the of because left they which branch, uppermost an and bough, forsaken a as be cities strong his shall day that In
images. the or groves, the either made, have fingers his which that respect shall neither hands, his of work the altars, the to look not shall he And
Israel. of One Holy the to respect have shall eyes his and Maker, his to look man a shall day that At
Israel. of God Lord the saith thereof, branches fruitful outmost the in five or four bough, uppermost the of top the in berries three or two tree, olive an of shaking the as it, in left be shall grapes gleaning Yet
Rephaim. of valley the in ears gathereth that he as be shall it and arm; his with ears the reapeth and corn, the gathereth harvestman the when as be shall it And
lean. wax shall flesh his of fatness the and thin, made be shall Jacob of glory the that pass, to come shall it day that in And
hosts. of Lord the saith Israel, of children the of glory the as be shall they Syria: of remnant the and Damascus, from kingdom the and Ephraim, from cease shall also fortress The
afraid. them make shall none and down, lie shall which flocks, for be shall they forsaken: are Aroer of cities The
heap. ruinous a be shall it and city, a being from away taken is Damascus Behold, Damascus. of burden The
feeble. and small very be shall remnant the and multitude; great that all with contemned, be shall Moab of glory the and hireling, an of years the as years, three Within saying, spoken, hath Lord the now But
time. that since Moab concerning spoken hath Lord the that word the is This
prevail. not shall he but pray; to sanctuary his to come shall he that place, high the on weary is Moab that seen is it when pass, to come shall it And
Kirharesh. for parts inward mine and Moab, for harp an like sound shall bowels my Wherefore
cease. to shouting vintage their made have I presses; their in wine no out tread shall treaders the shouting: be there shall neither singing, no be shall there vineyards the in and field; plentiful the of out joy and away, taken is gladness And
fallen. is harvest thy for and fruits summer thy for shouting the for Elealeh: and Heshbon, O tears, my with thee water will I Sibmah: of vine the Jazer of weeping the with bewail will I Therefore
sea. the over gone are they out, stretched are branches her wilderness: the through wandered they Jazer, unto even come are they thereof, plants principal the down broken have heathen the of lords the Sibmah: of vine the and languish, Heshbon of fields the For
stricken. are they surely mourn; ye shall Kirhareseth of foundations the for howl: shall one every Moab, for howl Moab shall Therefore
so. be not shall lies his but wrath: his and pride, his and haughtiness, his of even proud: very is he Moab; of pride the of heard have We
righteousness. hasting and judgment, seeking and judging, David, of tabernacle the in truth in it upon sit shall he and established: be throne the shall mercy in And
land. the of out consumed are oppressors the ceaseth, spoiler the end, an at is extortioner the for spoiler: the of face the from them to covert a thou be Moab; thee, with dwell outcasts mine Let
wandereth. that him not bewray outcasts; the hide noonday; the of midst the in night the as shadow thy make judgment; execute counsel, Take
Arnon. of fords the at be shall Moab of daughters the so nest, the of out cast bird wandering a as that, be, shall it For
Zion. of daughter the of mount the unto wilderness, the to Sela from land the of ruler the to lamb the ye Send
land. the of remnant the upon and Moab, of escapeth that him upon lions Dimon, upon more bring will I for blood: of full be shall Dimon of waters the For
Beerelim. unto thereof howling the and Eglaim, unto thereof howling the Moab; of borders the about round gone is cry the For
willows. the of brook the to away carry they shall up, laid have they which that and gotten, have they abundance the Therefore
thing. green no is there faileth, grass the away, withered is hay the for desolate: be shall Nimrim of waters the For
destruction. of cry a up raise shall they Horonaim of way the in for up; it go they shall weeping with Luhith of up mounting the by for old: years three of heifer an Zoar, unto flee shall fugitives his Moab; for out cry shall heart My
him. unto grievous be shall life his out; cry shall Moab of soldiers armed the therefore Jahaz: unto even heard be shall voice their Elealeh: and cry, shall Heshbon And
abundantly. weeping howl, shall one every streets, their in and houses, their of tops the on sackcloth: with themselves gird shall they streets their In
off. cut beard every and baldness, be shall heads their all on Medeba: over and Nebo, over howl shall Moab weep: to places, high the Dibon, to and Bajith, to up gone is He
silence; to brought and waste, laid is Moab of Kir night the in because silence; to brought and waste, laid is Moab of Ar night the in Because Moab. of burden The
it. in trust shall people his of poor the and Zion, founded hath Lord the That nation? the of messengers the answer then one shall What
times. appointed his in alone be shall none and smoke, a north the from come shall there for dissolved: art Palestina, whole thou, city; O cry, gate; O Howl,
remnant. thy slay shall he and famine, with root thy kill will I and safety: in down lie shall needy the and feed, shall poor the of firstborn the And
serpent. flying fiery a be shall fruit his and cockatrice, a forth come shall root serpent's the of out for broken: is thee smote that him of rod the because Palestina, whole thou, not Rejoice
burden. this was died Ahaz king that year the In
back? it turn shall who and out, stretched is hand his and it? disannul shall who and purposed, hath hosts of Lord the For
nations. the all upon out stretched is that hand the is this and earth: whole the upon purposed is that purpose the is This
shoulders. their off from depart burden his and them, off from depart yoke his shall then foot: under him tread mountains my upon and land, my in Assyrian the break will I That
stand: it shall so purposed, have I as and pass; to come it shall so thought, have I as Surely saying, sworn, hath hosts of Lord The
hosts. of Lord the saith destruction, of besom the with it sweep will I and water: of pools and bittern, the for possession a it make also will I
. Lord the saith nephew, and son, and remnant, and name, the Babylon from off cut and hosts, of Lord the saith them, against up rise will I For
cities. with world the of face the fill nor land, the possess nor rise, not do they that fathers; their of iniquity the for children his for slaughter Prepare
renowned. be never shall evildoers of seed the people: thy slain and land, thy destroyed hast thou because burial, in them with joined be not shalt Thou
feet. under trodden carcase a as pit; the of stones the to down go that sword, a with through thrust slain, are that those of raiment the as and branch, abominable an like grave thy of out cast art thou But
house. own his in one every glory, in lie them, of all even nations, the of kings the All
prisoners? his of house the not opened that thereof; cities the destroyed and wilderness, a as world the made That
kingdoms; shake did that tremble, to earth the made that man the this Is saying, thee, consider and thee, upon look narrowly shall thee see that They
pit. the of sides the to hell, to down brought be shalt thou Yet
High. most the like be will I clouds; the of heights the above ascend will I
north: the of sides the in congregation, the of mount the upon also sit will I God: of stars the above throne my exalt will I heaven, into ascend will I heart, thine in said hast thou For
nations! the weaken didst which ground, the to down cut thou art how morning! the of son Lucifer, O heaven, from fallen thou art How
thee. cover worms the and thee, under spread is worm the viols: thy of noise the and grave, the to down brought is pomp Thy
us? unto like become thou art we? as weak become also thou Art thee, unto say and speak shall they All
nations. the of kings the all thrones their from up raised hath it earth; the of ones chief the all even thee, for dead the up stirreth it coming: thy at thee meet to thee for moved is beneath from Hell
us. against up come is feller no down, laid art thou Since saying, Lebanon, of cedars the and thee, at rejoice trees fir the Yea,
singing. into forth break they quiet: is and rest, at is earth whole The
hindereth. none and persecuted, is anger, in nations the ruled that he stroke, continual a with wrath in people the smote who He
rulers. the of sceptre the and wicked, the of staff the broken hath Lord The
ceased! city golden the ceased! oppressor the hath How say, and Babylon, of king the against proverb this up take shalt thou That
serve, to made wast thou wherein bondage hard the from and fear, thy from and sorrow, thy from rest thee give shall Lord the that day the in pass to come shall it And
oppressors. their over rule shall they and were; they captives whose captives, them take shall they and handmaids: and servants for Lord the of land the in them possess shall Israel of house the and place: their to them bring and them, take shall people the And
Jacob. of house the to cleave shall they and them, with joined be shall strangers the and land: own their in them set and Israel, choose yet will and Jacob, on mercy have will Lord the For
prolonged. be not shall days her and come, to near is time her and palaces: pleasant their in dragons and houses, desolate their in cry shall islands the of beasts wild the And
there. dance shall satyrs and there, dwell shall owls and creatures; doleful of full be shall houses their and there; lie shall desert the of beasts wild But
there. fold their make shepherds the shall neither there; tent pitch Arabian the shall neither generation: to generation from in dwelt be it shall neither inhabited, be never shall It
Gomorrah. and Sodom overthrew God when as be shall excellency, Chaldees' the of beauty the kingdoms, of glory the Babylon, And
children. spare not shall eyes their womb; the of fruit the on pity no have shall they and pieces; to men young the dash shall also bows Their
it. in delight not shall they gold, for as and silver; regard not shall which them, against Medes the up stir will I Behold,
ravished. wives their and spoiled, be shall houses their eyes; their before pieces to dashed be shall also children Their
sword. the by fall shall them unto joined is that one every and through; thrust be shall found is that one Every
land. own his into one every flee and people, own his to turn man every shall they up: taketh man no that sheep a as and roe, chased the as be shall it And
anger. fierce his of day the in and hosts, of Lord the of wrath the in place, her of out remove shall earth the and heavens, the shake will I Therefore
Ophir. of wedge golden the than man a even gold; fine than precious more man a make will I
terrible. the of haughtiness the low lay will and cease, to proud the of arrogancy the cause will I and iniquity; their for wicked the and evil, their for world the punish will I And
shine. to light her cause not shall moon the and forth, going his in darkened be shall sun the light: their give not shall thereof constellations the and heaven of stars the For
it. of out thereof sinners the destroy shall he and desolate: land the lay to anger, fierce and wrath with both cruel cometh, Lord the of day the Behold,
flames. as be shall faces their another; at one amazed be shall they travaileth: that woman a as pain in be shall they them; of hold take shall sorrows and pangs afraid: be shall they And
melt: shall heart man's every and faint, be hands all shall Therefore
Almighty. the from destruction a as come shall it hand; at is Lord the of day the for ye; Howl
land. whole the destroy to indignation, his of weapons the and , Lord the even heaven, of end the from country, far a from come They
battle. the of host the mustereth hosts of Lord the together: gathered nations of kingdoms the of noise tumultuous a people; great a of as like mountains, the in multitude a of noise The
highness. my in rejoice that them even anger, mine for ones mighty my called also have I ones, sanctified my commanded have I
nobles. the of gates the into go may they that hand, the shake them, unto voice the exalt mountain, high the upon banner a up ye Lift
see. did Amoz of son the Isaiah which Babylon, of burden The
thee. of midst the in Israel of One Holy the is great for Zion: of inhabitant thou shout, and out Cry
earth. the all in known is this things: excellent done hath he for ; Lord the unto Sing
exalted. is name his that mention make people, the among doings his declare name, his upon call , Lord the Praise say, ye shall day that in And
salvation. of wells the of out water draw ye shall joy with Therefore
salvation. my become is also he song; my and strength my is Jehovah Lord the for afraid: be not and trust, will I salvation; my is God Behold,
me. comfortedst thou and away, turned is anger thine me, with angry wast thou though thee: praise will I , Lord O say, shalt thou day that in And
Egypt. of land the of out up came he that day the in Israel to was it as like Assyria; from left, be shall which people, his of remnant the for highway an be shall there And
dryshod. over go men make and streams, seven the in it smite shall and river, the over hand his shake he shall wind mighty his with and sea; Egyptian the of tongue the destroy utterly shall Lord the And
them. obey shall Ammon of children the and Moab; and Edom upon hand their lay shall they together: east the of them spoil shall they west; the toward Philistines the of shoulders the upon fly shall they But
Ephraim. vex not shall Judah and Judah, envy not shall Ephraim off: cut be shall Judah of adversaries the and depart, shall Ephraim of also envy The
earth. the of corners four the from Judah of dispersed the together gather and Israel, of outcasts the assemble shall and nations, the for ensign an up set shall he And
sea. the of islands the from and Hamath, from and Shinar, from and Elam, from and Cush, from and Pathros, from and Egypt, from and Assyria, from left, be shall which people, his of remnant the recover to time second the again hand his set shall Lord the that day, that in pass to come shall it And
glorious. be shall rest his and seek: Gentiles the shall it to people; the of ensign an for stand shall which Jesse, of root a be shall there day that in And
sea. the cover waters the as , Lord the of knowledge the of full be shall earth the for mountain: holy my all in destroy nor hurt not shall They
den. cockatrice' the on hand his put shall child weaned the and asp, the of hole the on play shall child sucking the And
ox. the like straw eat shall lion the and together: down lie shall ones young their feed; shall bear the and cow the And
them. lead shall child little a and together; fatling the and lion young the and calf the and kid; the with down lie shall leopard the and lamb, the with dwell shall also wolf The
reins. his of girdle the faithfulness and loins, his of girdle the be shall righteousness And
wicked. the slay he shall lips his of breath the with and mouth, his of rod the with earth: the smite shall he and earth: the of meek the for equity with reprove and poor, the judge he shall righteousness with But
ears: his of hearing the after reprove neither eyes, his of sight the after judge not shall he and : Lord the of fear the in understanding quick of him make shall And
; Lord the of fear the of and knowledge of spirit the might, and counsel of spirit the understanding, and wisdom of spirit the him, upon rest shall Lord the of spirit the And
roots: his of out grow shall Branch a and Jesse, of stem the of out rod a forth come shall there And
one. mighty a by fall shall Lebanon and iron, with forest the of thickets the down cut shall he And
humbled. be shall haughty the and down, hewn be shall stature of ones high the and terror: with bough the lop shall hosts, of Lord the Lord, the Behold,
Jerusalem. of hill the Zion, of daughter the of mount the against hand his shake shall he day: that Nob at remain he shall yet As
flee. to themselves gather Gebim of inhabitants the removed; is Madmenah
Anathoth. poor O Laish, unto heard be to it cause Gallim: of daughter O voice, thy up Lift
fled. is Saul of Gibeah afraid; is Ramah Geba; at lodging their up taken have they passage: the over gone are They
carriages: his up laid hath he Michmash at Migron; to passed is he Aiath, to come is He
anointing. the of because destroyed be shall yoke the and neck, thy off from yoke his and shoulder, thy off from away taken be shall burden his that day, that in pass to come shall it And
Egypt. of manner the after up it lift he shall so sea, the upon was rod his as and Oreb: of rock the at Midian of slaughter the to according him for scourge a up stir shall hosts of Lord the And
destruction. their in anger mine and cease, shall indignation the and while, little very a yet For
Egypt. of manner the after thee, against staff his up lift shall and rod, a with thee smite shall he Assyrian: the of afraid not be Zion, in dwellest that people my O hosts, of God Lord the saith thus Therefore
land. the all of midst the in determined, even consumption, a make shall hosts of God Lord the For
righteousness. with overflow shall decreed consumption the return: shall them of remnant a yet sea, the of sand the as be Israel people thy though For
God. mighty the unto Jacob, of remnant the even return, shall remnant The
truth. in Israel, of One Holy the , Lord the upon stay shall but them; smote that him upon stay again more no shall Jacob, of house the of escaped are as such and Israel, of remnant the that day, that in pass to come shall it And
them. write may child a that few, be shall forest his of trees the of rest the And
fainteth. standard-bearer a when as be shall they and body: and soul both field, fruitful his of and forest, his of glory the consume shall And
day; one in briers his and thorns his devour and burn shall it and flame: a for One Holy his and fire, a for be shall Israel of light the And
fire. a of burning the like burning a kindle shall he glory his under and leanness; ones fat his among send hosts, of Lord the Lord, the shall Therefore
wood. no were it if as itself, up lift should staff the if as or up, it lift that them against itself shake should rod the if as it? shaketh that him against itself magnify saw the shall or therewith? heweth that him against itself boast axe the Shall
peeped. or mouth, the opened or wing, the moved that none was there and earth; the all gathered I have left, are that eggs gathereth one as and people: the of riches the nest a as found hath hand my And
man: valiant a like inhabitants the down put have I and treasures, their robbed have and people, the of bounds the removed have I and prudent: am I for wisdom; my by and it, done have I hand my of strength the By saith, he For
looks. high his of glory the and Assyria, of king the of heart stout the of fruit the punish will I Jerusalem, on and Zion mount upon work whole his performed hath Lord the when that pass, to come shall it Wherefore
idols? her and Jerusalem to do so idols, her and Samaria unto done have I as not, I Shall
Samaria; of and Jerusalem of them excel did images graven whose and idols, the of kingdoms the found hath hand my As
Damascus? as Samaria not is Arpad? as Hamath not is Carchemish? as Calno not Is
kings? altogether princes my not Are saith, he For
few. a not nations off cut and destroy to heart his in is it but so; think heart his doth neither so, not meaneth he Howbeit
streets. the of mire the like down them tread to and prey, the take to and spoil, the take to charge, a him give I will wrath my of people the against and nation, hypocritical an against him send will I
indignation. mine is hand their in staff the and anger, mine of rod the Assyrian, O
still. out stretched is hand his but away, turned not is anger his this all For slain. the under fall shall they and prisoners, the under down bow shall they me Without
glory? your leave ye will where and help? for flee ye will whom to far? from come shall which desolation the in and visitation, of day the in do ye will what And
fatherless! the rob may they that and prey, their be may widows that people, my of poor the from right the away take to and judgment, from needy the aside turn To
prescribed; have they which grievousness write that and decrees, unrighteous decree that them unto Woe
still. out stretched is hand his but away, turned not is anger his this all For Judah. against be shall together they and Manasseh: Ephraim, and Ephraim; Manasseh,
arm: own his of flesh the man every eat shall they satisfied: be not shall they and hand, left the on eat shall he and hungry; be and hand, right the on snatch shall he And
brother. his spare shall man no fire: the of fuel the as be shall people the and darkened, land the is hosts of Lord the of wrath the Through
smoke. of up lifting the like up mount shall they and forest, the of thickets the in kindle shall and thorns, and briers the devour shall it fire: the as burneth wickedness For
still. out stretched is hand his but away, turned not is anger his this all For folly. speaketh mouth every and evildoer, an and hypocrite an is one every for widows: and fatherless their on mercy have shall neither men, young their in joy no have shall Lord the Therefore
destroyed. are them of led are that they and err; to them cause people this of leaders the For
tail. the is he lies, teacheth that prophet the and head; the is he honourable, and ancient The
day. one in rush, and branch tail, and head Israel from off cut will Lord the Therefore
hosts. of Lord the seek they do neither them, smiteth that him unto not turneth people the For
still. out stretched is hand his but away, turned not is anger his this all For mouth. open with Israel devour shall they and behind; Philistines the and before, Syrians The
together; enemies his join and him, against Rezin of adversaries the up set shall Lord the Therefore
cedars. into them change will we but down, cut are sycomores the stones: hewn with build will we but down, fallen are bricks The
heart, of stoutness and pride the in say that Samaria, of inhabitant the and Ephraim even know, shall people the all And
Israel. upon lighted hath it and Jacob, into word a sent Lord The
this. perform will hosts of Lord the of zeal The ever. for even henceforth from justice with and judgment with it establish to and it, order to kingdom, his upon and David, of throne the upon end, no be shall there peace and government his of increase the Of
Peace. of Prince The Father, everlasting The God, mighty The Counsellor, Wonderful, called be shall name his and shoulder: his upon be shall government the and given: is son a us unto born, is child a us unto For
fire. of fuel and burning with be shall this but blood; in rolled garments and noise, confused with is warrior the of battle every For
Midian. of day the in as oppressor, his of rod the shoulder, his of staff the and burden, his of yoke the broken hast thou For
spoil. the divide they when rejoice men as and harvest, in joy the to according thee before joy they joy: the increased not and nation, the multiplied hast Thou
shined. light the hath them upon death, of shadow the of land the in dwell that they light: great a seen have darkness in walked that people The
nations. the of Galilee in Jordan, beyond sea, the of way the by her afflict grievously more did afterward and Naphtali, of land the and Zebulun of land the afflicted lightly he first the at when vexation, her in was as such be not shall dimness the Nevertheless
darkness. to driven be shall they and anguish; of dimness darkness, and trouble behold and earth; the unto look shall they And
upward. look and God, their and king their curse and themselves, fret shall they hungry, be shall they when that pass, to come shall it and hungry: and bestead hardly it, through pass shall they And
them. in light no is there because is it word, this to according not speak they if testimony: the to and law the To
dead? the to living the for God? their unto seek people a not should mutter: that and peep, that wizards unto and spirits, familiar have that them unto Seek you, unto say shall they when And
Zion. mount in dwelleth which hosts, of Lord the from Israel in wonders for and signs for are me given hath Lord the whom children the and I Behold,
him. for look will I and Jacob, of house the from face his hideth that , Lord the upon wait will I And
disciples. my among law the seal testimony, the up Bind
taken. be and snared, be and broken, be and fall, and stumble, shall them among many And
Jerusalem. of inhabitants the to snare a for and gin a for Israel, of houses the both to offence of rock a for and stumbling of stone a for but sanctuary; a for be shall he And
dread. your be him let and fear, your be him let and himself; hosts of Lord the Sanctify
afraid. be nor fear, their ye fear neither confederacy; A say, shall people this whom to them all to confederacy, A not, ye Say
saying, people, this of way the in walk not should I that me instructed and hand, strong a with me to thus spake Lord the For
us. with is God for stand: not shall it and word, the speak nought; to come shall it and together, counsel Take
pieces. in broken be shall ye and yourselves, gird pieces; in broken be shall ye and yourselves, gird countries: far of ye all ear, give and pieces; in broken be shall ye and people, ye O yourselves, Associate
Immanuel. O land, thy of breadth the fill shall wings his of out stretching the and neck; the to even reach shall he over, go and overflow shall he Judah; through pass shall he And
banks: his all over go and channels, his all over up come shall he and glory: his all and Assyria, of king the even many, and strong river, the of waters the them upon up bringeth Lord the behold, therefore, Now
son; Remaliah's and Rezin in rejoice and softly, go that Shiloah of waters the refuseth people this as Forasmuch
saying, again, me unto also spake Lord The
Assyria. of king the before away taken be shall Samaria of spoil the and Damascus of riches the mother, my and father, My cry, to knowledge have shall child the before For
Mahershalalhashbaz. name his Call me, to Lord the said Then son. a bare and conceived, she and prophetess; the unto went I And
Jeberechiah. of son the Zechariah and priest, the Uriah record, to witnesses faithful me unto took I And
Mahershalalhashbaz. concerning pen man's a with it in write and roll, great a thee Take me, unto said Lord the Moreover
cattle. lesser of treading the for and oxen, of forth sending the for be shall it but thorns: and briers of fear the thither come not shall there mattock, the with digged be shall that hills all on And
thorns. and briers become shall land the all because thither; come men shall bows with and arrows With
thorns. and briers for be even shall it silverlings, thousand a at vines thousand a were there where be, shall place every that day, that in pass to come shall it And
land. the in left is that eat one every shall honey and butter for butter: eat shall he give shall they that milk of abundance the for pass, to come shall it And
sheep; two and cow, young a nourish shall man a that day, that in pass to come shall it And
beard. the consume also shall it and feet: the of hair the and head, the Assyria, of king the by river, the beyond them by namely, hired, is that razor a with shave Lord the shall day same the In
bushes. all upon and thorns, all upon and rocks, the of holes the in and valleys, desolate the in them of all rest shall and come, shall they And
Assyria. of land the in is that bee the for and Egypt, of rivers the of part uttermost the in is that fly the for hiss shall Lord the that day, that in pass to come shall it And
Assyria. of king the even Judah; from departed Ephraim that day the from come, not have that days house, father's thy upon and people, thy upon and thee, upon bring shall Lord The
kings. her both of forsaken be shall abhorrest thou that land the good, the choose and evil, the refuse to know shall child the before For
good. the choose and evil, the refuse to know may he that eat, he shall honey and Butter
Immanuel. name his call shall and son, a bear and conceive, shall virgin a Behold, sign; a you give shall himself Lord the Therefore
also? God my weary ye will but men, weary to you for thing small a it Is David; of house O now, ye Hear said, he And
. Lord the tempt I will neither ask, not will I said, Ahaz But
above. height the in or depth, the in either it ask God; thy Lord the of sign a thee Ask
saying, Ahaz, unto again spake Lord the Moreover
established. be not shall ye surely believe, not will ye If son. Remaliah's is Samaria of head the and Samaria, is Ephraim of head the And
people. a not be it that broken, be Ephraim shall years five and threescore within and Rezin; is Damascus of head the and Damascus, is Syria of head the For
pass. to come it shall neither stand, not shall It , God Lord the saith Thus
Tabeal: of son the even it, of midst the in king a set and us, for therein breach a make us let and it, vex and Judah, against up go us Let
saying, thee, against counsel evil taken have Remaliah, of son the and Ephraim, Syria, Because
Remaliah. of son the of and Syria, with Rezin of anger fierce the for firebrands, smoking these of tails two the for fainthearted be neither not, fear quiet; be and heed, Take him, unto say And
field; fuller's the of highway the in pool upper the of conduit the of end the at son, thy Shearjashub and thou, Ahaz, meet to now forth Go Isaiah, unto Lord the said Then
wind. the with moved are wood the of trees the as people, his of heart the and moved, was heart his And Ephraim. with confederate is Syria saying, David, of house the told was it And
it. against prevail not could but it, against war to Jerusalem toward up went Israel, of king Remaliah, of son the Pekah and Syria, of king the Rezin that Judah, of king Uzziah, of son the Jotham, of son the Ahaz of days the in pass to came it And
thereof. substance the be shall seed holy the so leaves: their cast they when them, in is substance whose oak, an as and tree, teil a as eaten: be shall and return, shall it and tenth, a be shall it in yet But
land. the of midst the in forsaking great a be there and away, far men removed have Lord the And
desolate, utterly be land the and man, without houses the and inhabitant, without wasted be cities the Until answered, he And long? how Lord, I, said Then
healed. be and convert, and heart, their with understand and ears, their with hear and eyes, their with see they lest eyes; their shut and heavy, ears their make and fat, people this of heart the Make
not. perceive but indeed, ye see and not; understand but indeed, ye Hear people, this tell and Go, said, he And
me. send I; am Here I, said Then us? for go will who and send, I shall Whom saying, Lord, the of voice the heard I Also
purged. sin thy and away, taken is iniquity thine and lips; thy touched hath this Lo, said, and mouth, my upon it laid he And
altar: the off from tongs the with taken had he which hand, his in coal live a having me, unto seraphims the of one flew Then
hosts. of Lord the King, the seen have eyes mine for lips: unclean of people a of midst the in dwell I and lips, unclean of man a am I because undone; am I for me! is Woe I, said Then
smoke. with filled was house the and cried, that him of voice the at moved door the of posts the And
glory. his of full is earth whole the hosts: of Lord the is holy, holy, Holy, said, and another, unto cried one And
fly. did he twain with and feet, his covered he twain with and face, his covered he twain with wings; six had one each seraphims: the stood it Above
temple. the filled train his and up, lifted and high throne, a upon sitting Lord the also saw I died Uzziah king that year the In
thereof. heavens the in darkened is light the and sorrow, and darkness behold land, the unto look one if and sea: the of roaring the like them against roar shall they day that in And
it. deliver shall none and safe, away it carry shall and prey, the of hold lay and roar, shall they yea, lions: young like roar shall they lion, a like be shall roaring Their
whirlwind: a like wheels their and flint, like counted be shall hoofs horses' their bent, bows their all and sharp, are arrows Whose
broken: be shoes their of latchet the nor loosed, be loins their of girdle the shall neither sleep; nor slumber shall none them; among stumble nor weary be shall None
swiftly: speed with come shall they behold, and, earth: the of end the from them unto hiss will and far, from nations the to ensign an up lift will he And
still. out stretched is hand his but away, turned not is anger his this all For streets. the of midst the in torn were carcases their and tremble, did hills the and them: smitten hath and them, against hand his forth stretched hath he and people, his against kindled Lord the of anger the is Therefore
Israel. of One Holy the of word the despised and hosts, of Lord the of law the away cast have they because dust: as up go shall blossom their and rottenness, as be shall root their so chaff, the consumeth flame the and stubble, the devoureth fire the as Therefore
him! from righteous the of righteousness the away take and reward, for wicked the justify Which
drink: strong mingle to strength of men and wine, drink to mighty are that them unto Woe
sight! own their in prudent and eyes, own their in wise are that them unto Woe
bitter! for sweet and sweet, for bitter put that darkness; for light and light, for darkness put that evil; good and good, evil call that them unto Woe
it! know may we that come, and nigh draw Israel of One Holy the of counsel the let and it: see may we that work, his hasten and speed, make him Let say, That
rope: cart a with were it as sin and vanity, of cords with iniquity draw that them unto Woe
eat. strangers shall ones fat the of places waste the and manner, their after feed lambs the shall Then
righteousness. in sanctified be shall holy is that God and judgment, in exalted be shall hosts of Lord the But
humbled: be shall lofty the of eyes the and humbled, be shall man mighty the and down, brought be shall man mean the And
it. into descend shall rejoiceth, that he and pomp, their and multitude, their and glory, their and measure: without mouth her opened and herself, enlarged hath hell Therefore
thirst. with up dried multitude their and famished, are men honourable their and knowledge: no have they because captivity, into gone are people my Therefore
hands. his of operation the consider neither , Lord the of work the not regard they but feasts: their in are wine, and pipe, and tabret, the viol, the and harp, the And
them! inflame wine till night, until continue that drink; strong follow may they that morning, the in early up rise that them unto Woe
ephah. an yield shall homer an of seed the and bath, one yield shall vineyard of acres ten Yea,
inhabitant. without fair, and great even desolate, be shall houses many truth a Of hosts, of Lord the said ears mine In
earth! the of midst the in alone placed be may they that place, no be there till field, to field lay that house, to house join that them unto Woe
cry. a behold but righteousness, for oppression; behold but judgment, for looked he and plant: pleasant his Judah of men the and Israel, of house the is hosts of Lord the of vineyard the For
it. upon rain no rain they that clouds the command also will I thorns: and briers up come shall there but digged; nor pruned, be not shall it waste: it lay will I And
down: trodden be shall it and thereof, wall the down break and up; eaten be shall it and thereof, hedge the away take will I vineyard: my to do will I what you tell will I to; go now And
grapes? wild forth it brought grapes, forth bring should it that looked I when wherefore, it? in done not have I that vineyard, my to more done been have could What
vineyard. my and me betwixt you, pray I judge, Judah, of men and Jerusalem, of inhabitants O now, And
grapes. wild forth brought it and grapes, forth bring should it that looked he and therein: winepress a made also and it, of midst the in tower a built and vine, choicest the with it planted and thereof, stones the out gathered and it, fenced he And
hill: fruitful very a in vineyard a hath wellbeloved My vineyard. his touching beloved my of song a wellbeloved my to sing I will Now
rain. from and storm from covert a for and refuge, of place a for and heat, the from time day the in shadow a for tabernacle a be shall there And
defence. a be shall glory the all upon for night: by fire flaming a of shining the and day, by smoke and cloud a assemblies, her upon and Zion, mount of place dwelling every upon create will Lord the And
burning. of spirit the by and judgment, of spirit the by thereof midst the from Jerusalem of blood the purged have shall and Zion, of daughters the of filth the away washed have shall Lord the When
Jerusalem: in living the among written is that one every even holy, called be shall Jerusalem, in remaineth that he and Zion, in left is that he that pass, to come shall it And
Israel. of escaped are that them for comely and excellent be shall earth the of fruit the and glorious, and beautiful be Lord the of branch the shall day that In
reproach. our away take to name, thy by called be us let only apparel: own our wear and bread, own our eat will We saying, man, one of hold take shall women seven day that in And
ground. the upon sit shall desolate being she and mourn; and lament shall gates her And
war. the in mighty thy and sword, the by fall shall men Thy
beauty. of instead burning and sackcloth; of girding a stomacher a of instead and baldness; hair set well of instead and rent; a girdle a of instead and stink; be shall there smell sweet of instead that pass, to come shall it And
vails. the and hoods, the and linen, fine the and glasses, The
pins, crisping the and wimples, the and mantles, the and apparel, of suits changeable The
jewels, nose and rings, The
earrings, the and tablets, the and headbands, the and legs, the of ornaments the and bonnets, The
mufflers, the and bracelets, the and chains, The
moon, the like tires round their and cauls, their and feet, their about ornaments tinkling their of bravery the away take will Lord the day that In
parts. secret their discover will Lord the and Zion, of daughters the of head the of crown the scab a with smite will Lord the Therefore
feet: their with tinkling a making and go, they as mincing and walking eyes, wanton and necks forth stretched with walk and haughty, are Zion of daughters the Because saith, Lord the Moreover
hosts. of God Lord the saith poor? the of faces the grind and pieces, to people my beat ye that ye mean What
houses. your in is poor the of spoil the vineyard; the up eaten have ye for thereof: princes the and people, his of ancients the with judgment into enter will Lord The
people. the judge to standeth and plead, to up standeth Lord The
paths. thy of way the destroy and err, to thee cause thee lead which they people, my O them. over rule women and oppressors, their are children people, my for As
him. given be shall hands his of reward the for him: with ill be shall it wicked! the unto Woe
doings. their of fruit the eat shall they for him: with well be shall it that righteous, the to ye Say
themselves. unto evil rewarded have they for soul! their unto Woe not. it hide they Sodom, as sin their declare they and them; against witness doth countenance their of shew The
glory. his of eyes the provoke to , Lord the against are doings their and tongue their because fallen: is Judah and ruined, is Jerusalem For
people. the of ruler a not me make clothing: nor bread neither is house my in for healer; an be not will I saying, swear, he shall day that In
hand: thy under be ruin this let and ruler, our thou be clothing, hast Thou saying, father, his of house the of brother his of hold take shall man a When
honourable. the against base the and ancient, the against proudly himself behave shall child the neighbour: his by one every and another, by one every oppressed, be shall people the And
them. over rule shall babes and princes, their be to children give will I And
orator. eloquent the and artificer, cunning the and counsellor, the and man, honourable the and fifty, of captain The
ancient, the and prudent, the and prophet, the and judge, the war, of man the and man, mighty The
water. of stay whole the and bread, of stay whole the staff, the and stay the Judah from and Jerusalem from away take doth hosts, of Lord the Lord, the behold, For,
? of accounted be to he is wherein for nostrils: his in is breath whose man, from ye Cease
earth. the terribly shake to ariseth he when majesty, his of glory the for and , Lord the of fear for rocks, ragged the of tops the into and rocks, the of clefts the into go To
bats; the to and moles the to worship, to himself for one each made they which gold, of idols his and silver, of idols his cast shall man a day that In
earth. the terribly shake to ariseth he when majesty, his of glory the for and , Lord the of fear for earth, the of caves the into and rocks, the of holes the into go shall they And
abolish. utterly shall he idols the And
day. that in exalted be shall alone Lord the and low: made be shall men of haughtiness the and down, bowed be shall man of loftiness the And
pictures. pleasant all upon and Tarshish, of ships the all upon And
wall, fenced every upon and tower, high every upon And
up, lifted are that hills the all upon and mountains, high the all upon And
Bashan, of oaks the all upon and up, lifted and high are that Lebanon, of cedars the all upon And
low: brought be shall he and up; lifted is that one every upon and lofty, and proud is that one every upon be shall hosts of Lord the of day the For
day. that in exalted be shall alone Lord the and down, bowed be shall men of haughtiness the and humbled, be shall man of looks lofty The
majesty. his of glory the for and , Lord the of fear for dust, the in thee hide and rock, the into Enter
not. them forgive therefore himself: humbleth man great the and down, boweth man mean the And
made: have fingers own their which that hands, own their of work the worship they idols; of full is also land Their
chariots: their of end any there is neither horses, of full also is land their treasures; their of end any there is neither gold, and silver of full is also land Their
strangers. of children the in themselves please they and Philistines, the like soothsayers are and east, the from replenished be they because Jacob, of house the people thy forsaken hast thou Therefore
. Lord the of light the in walk us let and ye, come Jacob, of house O
more. any war learn they shall neither nation, against sword up lift not shall nation pruninghooks: into spears their and plowshares, into swords their beat shall they and people: many rebuke shall and nations, the among judge shall he And
Jerusalem. from Lord the of word the and law, the forth go shall Zion of out for paths: his in walk will we and ways, his of us teach will he and Jacob; of God the of house the to , Lord the of mountain the to up go us let and ye, Come say, and go shall people many And
it. unto flow shall nations all and hills; the above exalted be shall and mountains, the of top the in established be shall house 's Lord the of mountain the that days, last the in pass to come shall it And
Jerusalem. and Judah concerning saw Amoz of son the Isaiah that word The
them. quench shall none and together, burn both shall they and spark, a as it of maker the and tow, as be shall strong the And
water. no hath that garden a as and fadeth, leaf whose oak an as be shall ye For
chosen. have ye that gardens the for confounded be shall ye and desired, have ye which oaks the of ashamed be shall they For
consumed. be shall Lord the forsake that they and together, be shall sinners the of and transgressors the of destruction the And
righteousness. with converts her and judgment, with redeemed be shall Zion
city. faithful the righteousness, of city The called, be shalt thou afterward beginning: the at as counsellors thy and first, the at as judges thy restore will I And
tin: thy all away take and dross, thy away purge purely and thee, upon hand my turn will I And
enemies: mine of me avenge and adversaries, mine of me ease will I Ah, Israel, of One mighty the hosts, of Lord the , Lord the saith Therefore
them. unto come widow the of cause the doth neither fatherless, the not judge they rewards: after followeth and gifts, loveth one every thieves: of companions and rebellious, are princes Thy
water: with mixed wine thy dross, become is silver Thy
murderers. now but it; in lodged righteousness judgment; of full was it harlot! an become city faithful the is How
it. spoken hath Lord the of mouth the for sword: the with devoured be shall ye rebel, and refuse ye if But
land: the of good the eat shall ye obedient, and willing be ye If
wool. as be shall they crimson, like red be they though snow; as white as be shall they scarlet, as be sins your though : Lord the saith together, reason us let and now, Come
widow. the for plead fatherless, the judge oppressed, the relieve judgment, seek well; do to Learn
evil; do to cease eyes; mine before from doings your of evil the away put clean; you make you, Wash
blood. of full are hands your hear: not will I prayers, many make ye when yea, you: from eyes mine hide will I hands, your forth spread ye when And
them. bear to weary am I me; unto trouble a are they hateth: soul my feasts appointed your and moons new Your
meeting. solemn the even iniquity, is it with; away cannot I assemblies, of calling the sabbaths, and moons new the me; unto abomination an is incense oblations; vain more no Bring
courts? my tread to hand, your at this required hath who me, before appear to come ye When
goats. he of or lambs, of or bullocks, of blood the in not delight I and beasts; fed of fat the and rams, of offerings burnt the of full am I : Lord the saith me? unto sacrifices your of multitude the is purpose what To
Gomorrah. of people ye God, our of law the unto ear give Sodom; of rulers ye , Lord the of word the Hear
Gomorrah. unto like been have should we and Sodom, as been have should we remnant, small very a us unto left had hosts of Lord the Except
city. besieged a as cucumbers, of garden a in lodge a as vineyard, a in cottage a as left is Zion of daughter the And
strangers. by overthrown as desolate, is it and presence, your in it devour strangers land, your fire: with burned are cities your desolate, is country Your
ointment. with mollified neither up, bound neither closed, been not have they sores: putrifying and bruises, and wounds, but it; in soundness no is there head the unto even foot the of sole the From
faint. heart whole the and sick, is head whole the more: and more revolt will ye more? any stricken be ye should Why
backward. away gone are they anger, unto Israel of One Holy the provoked have they , Lord the forsaken have they corrupters: are that children evildoers, of seed a iniquity, with laden people a nation, sinful Ah
consider. not doth people my know, not doth Israel but crib: master's his ass the and owner, his knoweth ox The
me. against rebelled have they and children, up brought and nourished have I spoken, hath Lord the for earth: O ear, give and heavens, O Hear,
Judah. of kings Hezekiah, and Ahaz, Jotham, Uzziah, of days the in Jerusalem and Judah concerning saw he which Amoz, of son the Isaiah of vision The
Isaiah
spices. of mountains the upon hart young a to or roe a to like thou be and beloved, my haste, Make
it. hear to me cause voice: thy to hearken companions the gardens, the in dwellest that Thou
hundred. two thereof fruit the keep that those and thousand, a have must Solomon, O thou, me: before is mine, is which vineyard, My
silver. of pieces thousand a bring to was thereof fruit the for one every keepers; unto vineyard the out let he Baalhamon; at vineyard a had Solomon
favour. found that one as eyes his in I was then towers: like breasts my and wall, a am I
cedar. of boards with her inclose will we door, a be she if and silver: of palace a her upon build will we wall, a be she If
for? spoken be shall she when day the in sister our for do we shall what breasts: no hath she and sister, little a have We
contemned. be utterly would it love, for house his of substance the all give would man a if it: drown floods the can neither love, quench cannot waters Many
flame. vehement most a hath which fire, of coals are thereof coals the grave: the as cruel is jealousy death; as strong is love for arm: thine upon seal a as heart, thine upon seal a as me Set
thee. bare that forth thee brought she there forth: thee brought mother thy there tree: apple the under up thee raised I beloved? her upon leaning wilderness, the from up cometh that this is Who
please. he until love, my awake nor up, not stir ye that Jerusalem, of daughters O you, charge I
me. embrace should hand right his and head, my under be should hand left His
pomegranate. my of juice the of wine spiced of drink to thee cause would I me: instruct would who house, mother's my into thee bring and thee, lead would I
despised. be not should I yea, thee; kiss would I without, thee find should I when mother! my of breasts the sucked that brother, my as wert thou that O
beloved. my O thee, for up laid have I which old, and new fruits, pleasant of manner all are gates our at and smell, a give mandrakes The
loves. my thee give I will there forth: bud pomegranates the and appear, grape tender the whether flourish, vine the if see us let vineyards; the to early up get us Let
villages. the in lodge us let field; the into forth go us let beloved, my Come,
me. toward is desire his and beloved's, my am I
speak. to asleep are that those of lips the causing sweetly, down goeth that beloved, my for wine best the like mouth thy of roof the And
apples; like nose thy of smell the and vine, the of clusters as be shall breasts thy also now thereof: boughs the of hold take will I tree, palm the to up go will I said, I
grapes. of clusters to breasts thy and tree, palm a to like is stature thy This
delights! for love, O thou, art pleasant how and fair How
galleries. the in held is king the purple; like head thine of hair the and Carmel, like is thee upon head Thine
Damascus. toward looketh which Lebanon of tower the as is nose thy Bathrabbim: of gate the by Heshbon, in fishpools the like eyes thine ivory; of tower a as is neck Thy
twins. are that roes young two like are breasts two Thy
lilies. with about set wheat of heap an like is belly thy liquor: not wanteth which goblet, round a like is navel Thy
workman. cunning a of hands the of work the jewels, like are thighs thy of joints the daughter! prince's O shoes, with feet thy are beautiful How
armies. two of company the were it As Shulamite? the in see ye will What thee. upon look may we that return, return, Shulamite; O return, Return,
Amminadib. of chariots the like me made soul my aware, was I ever Or
budded. pomegranates the and flourished vine the whether see to and valley, the of fruits the see to nuts of garden the into down went I
banners? with army an as terrible and sun, the as clear moon, the as fair morning, the as forth looketh that she is Who
her. praised they and concubines, the and queens the yea, her; blessed and her, saw daughters The her. bare that her of one choice the is she mother, her of one only the is she one; but is undefiled my dove, My
number. without virgins and concubines, fourscore and queens, threescore are There
locks. thy within temples thy are pomegranate a of piece a As
them. among barren one not is there and twins, beareth one every whereof washing, the from up go which sheep of flock a as are teeth Thy
Gilead. from appear that goats of flock a as is hair thy me: overcome have they for me, from eyes thine away Turn
banners. with army an as terrible Jerusalem, as comely Tirzah, as love, my O beautiful, art Thou
lilies. the among feedeth he mine: is beloved my and beloved's, my am I
lilies. gather to and gardens, the in feed to spices, of beds the to garden, his into down gone is beloved My
thee. with him seek may we that aside? turned beloved thy is whither women? among fairest thou O gone, beloved thy is Whither
Jerusalem. of daughters O friend, my is this and beloved, my is This lovely. altogether is he yea, sweet: most is mouth His
cedars. the as excellent Lebanon, as is countenance his gold: fine of sockets upon set marble, of pillars as are legs His
sapphires. with overlaid ivory bright as is belly his beryl: the with set rings gold as are hands His
myrrh. smelling sweet dropping lilies, like lips his flowers: sweet as spices, of bed a as are cheeks His
set. fitly and milk, with washed waters, of rivers the by doves of eyes the as are eyes His
raven. a as black and bushy, are locks his gold, fine most the as is head His
thousand. ten among chiefest the ruddy, and white is beloved My
us? charge so dost thou that beloved, another than more beloved thy is what women? among fairest thou O beloved, another than more beloved thy is What
love. of sick am I that him, tell ye that beloved, my find ye if Jerusalem, of daughters O you, charge I
me. from veil my away took walls the of keepers the me; wounded they me, smote they me, found city the about went that watchmen The
answer. no me gave he but him, called I him; find not could I but him, sought I spake: he when failed soul my gone: was and himself, withdrawn had beloved my but beloved; my to opened I
lock. the of handles the upon myrrh, smelling sweet with fingers my and myrrh, with dropped hands my and beloved; my to open to up rose I
him. for moved were bowels my and door, the of hole the by hand his in put beloved My
them? defile I shall how feet; my washed have I on? it put I shall how coat; my off put have I
night. the of drops the with locks my and dew, with filled is head my for undefiled: my dove, my love, my sister, my me, to Open saying, knocketh, that beloved my of voice the is it waketh: heart my but sleep, I
beloved. O abundantly, drink yea, drink, friends; O eat, milk: my with wine my drunk have I honey; my with honeycomb my eaten have I spice; my with myrrh my gathered have I spouse: my sister, my garden, my into come am I
fruits. pleasant his eat and garden, his into come beloved my Let out. flow may thereof spices the that garden, my upon blow south; thou come, and wind; north O Awake,
Lebanon. from streams and waters, living of well a gardens, of fountain A
spices: chief the all with aloes, and myrrh frankincense; of trees all with cinnamon, and calamus saffron; and Spikenard
spikenard, with camphire, fruits; pleasant with pomegranates, of orchard an are plants Thy
sealed. fountain a up, shut spring a spouse; my sister, my is inclosed garden A
Lebanon. of smell the like is garments thy of smell the and tongue; thy under are milk and honey honeycomb: the as drop spouse, my O lips, Thy
spices! all than ointments thine of smell the and wine! than love thy is better much how spouse! my sister, my love, thy is fair How
neck. thy of chain one with eyes, thine of one with heart my ravished hast thou spouse; my sister, my heart, my ravished hast Thou
leopards. the of mountains the from dens, lions' the from Hermon, and Shenir of top the from Amana, of top the from look Lebanon: from me with spouse, my Lebanon, from me with Come
thee. in spot no is there love; my fair, all art Thou
frankincense. of hill the to and myrrh, of mountain the to me get will I away, flee shadows the and break, day the Until
lilies. the among feed which twins, are that roes young two like are breasts two Thy
men. mighty of shields all bucklers, thousand a hang there whereon armoury, an for builded David of tower the like is neck Thy
locks. thy within pomegranate a of piece a like are temples thy comely: is speech thy and scarlet, of thread a like are lips Thy
them. among barren is none and twins, bear one every whereof washing; the from up came which shorn, even are that sheep of flock a like are teeth Thy
Gilead. mount from appear that goats, of flock a as is hair thy locks: thy within eyes doves' hast thou fair; art thou behold, love; my fair, art thou Behold,
heart. his of gladness the of day the in and espousals, his of day the in him crowned mother his wherewith crown the with Solomon king behold and Zion, of daughters ye O forth, Go
Jerusalem. of daughters the for love, with paved being thereof midst the purple, of it of covering the gold, of thereof bottom the silver, of thereof pillars the made He
Lebanon. of wood the of chariot a himself made Solomon King
night. the in fear of because thigh his upon sword his hath man every war: in expert being swords, hold all They
Israel. of valiant the of it, about are men valiant threescore Solomon's; is which bed, his Behold
merchant? the of powders all with frankincense, and myrrh with perfumed smoke, of pillars like wilderness the of out cometh that this is Who
please. he till love, my awake nor up, not stir ye that field, the of hinds the by and roes, the by Jerusalem, of daughters ye O you, charge I
me. conceived that her of chamber the into and house, mother's my into him brought had I until go, him let not would and him, held I loveth: soul my whom him found I but them, from passed I that little a but was It
loveth? soul my whom him ye Saw said, I whom to me: found city the about go that watchmen The
not. him found I but him, sought I loveth: soul my whom him seek will I ways broad the in and streets, the in city the about go and now, rise will I
not. him found I but him, sought I loveth: soul my whom him sought I bed my on night By
Bether. of mountains the upon hart young a or roe a like thou be and beloved, my turn, away, flee shadows the and break, day the Until
lilies. the among feedeth he his: am I and mine, is beloved My
grapes. tender have vines our for vines: the spoil that foxes, little the foxes, the us Take
comely. is countenance thy and voice, thy is sweet for voice; thy hear me let countenance, thy see me let stairs, the of places secret the in rock, the of clefts the in art that dove, my O
away. come and one, fair my love, my Arise, smell. good a give grape tender the with vines the and figs, green her forth putteth tree fig The
land; our in heard is turtle the of voice the and come, is birds of singing the of time the earth; the on appear flowers The
gone; and over is rain the past, is winter the lo, For,
away. come and one, fair my love, my up, Rise me, unto said and spake, beloved My
lattice. the through himself shewing windows, the at forth looketh he wall, our behind standeth he behold, hart: young a or roe a like is beloved My
hills. the upon skipping mountains, the upon leaping cometh he behold, beloved! my of voice The
please. he till love, my awake nor up, not stir ye that field, the of hinds the by and roes, the by Jerusalem, of daughters ye O you, charge I
me. embrace doth hand right his and head, my under is hand left His
love. of sick am I for apples: with me comfort flagons, with me Stay
love. was me over banner his and house, banqueting the to me brought He
taste. my to sweet was fruit his and delight, great with shadow his under down sat I sons. the among beloved my is so wood, the of trees the among tree apple the As
daughters. the among love my is so thorns, among lily the As
valleys. the of lily the and Sharon, of rose the am I
fir. of rafters our and cedar, are house our of beams The
green. is bed our also pleasant: yea, beloved, my fair, art thou Behold,
eyes. doves' hast thou fair; art thou behold, love; my fair, art thou Behold,
Engedi. of vineyards the in camphire of cluster a as me unto is beloved My
breasts. my betwixt night all lie shall he me; unto well-beloved my is myrrh of bundle A
thereof. smell the forth sendeth spikenard my table, his at sitteth king the While
silver. of studs with gold of borders thee make will We
gold. of chains with neck thy jewels, of rows with comely are cheeks Thy
chariots. Pharaoh's in horses of company a to love, my O thee, compared have I
tents. shepherds' the beside kids thy feed and flock, the of footsteps the by forth way thy go women, among fairest thou O not, know thou If
companions? thy of flocks the by aside turneth that one as be I should why for noon: at rest to flock thy makest thou where feedest, thou where loveth, soul my whom thou O me, Tell
kept. not I have vineyard own mine but vineyards; the of keeper the me made they me; with angry were children mother's my me: upon looked hath sun the because black, am I because me, upon not Look
Solomon. of curtains the as Kedar, of tents the as Jerusalem, of daughters ye O comely, but black, am I
thee. love upright the wine: than more love thy remember will we thee, in rejoice and glad be will we chambers: his into me brought hath king the thee: after run will we me, Draw
thee. love virgins the do therefore forth, poured ointment as is name thy ointments good thy of savour the of Because
wine. than better is love thy for mouth: his of kisses the with me kiss him Let
Solomon's. is which songs, of song The
Solomon of Song
evil. be it whether or good, be it whether thing, secret every with judgment, into work every bring shall God For
man. of duty whole the is this for commandments: his keep and God, Fear matter: whole the of conclusion the hear us Let
flesh. the of weariness a is study much and end; no is there books many making of admonished: be son, my these, by further, And
shepherd. one from given are which assemblies, of masters the by fastened nails as and goads, as are wise the of words The
truth. of words even upright, was written was which that and words: acceptable out find to sought preacher The
proverbs. many order in set and out, sought and heed, good gave he yea, knowledge; people the taught still he wise, was preacher the because moreover, And
vanity. is all preacher; the saith vanities, of Vanity
it. gave who God unto return shall spirit the and was: it as earth the to return dust the shall Then
cistern. the at broken wheel the or fountain, the at broken be pitcher the or broken, be bowl golden the or loosed, be cord silver the ever Or
streets: the about go mourners the and home, long his to goeth man because fail: shall desire and burden, a be shall grasshopper the and flourish, shall tree almond the and way, the in be shall fears and high, is which that of afraid be shall they when Also
low; brought be shall musick of daughters the all and bird, the of voice the at up rise shall he and low, is grinding the of sound the when streets, the in shut be shall doors the And
darkened, be windows the of out look that those and few, are they because cease grinders the and themselves, bow shall men strong the and tremble, shall house the of keepers the when day the In
rain: the after return clouds the nor darkened, not be stars, the or moon, the or light, the or sun, the While
them; in pleasure no have I say, shalt thou when nigh, draw years the nor not, come days evil the while youth, thy of days the in Creator thy now Remember
vanity. are youth and childhood for flesh: thy from evil away put and heart, thy from sorrow remove Therefore
judgment. into thee bring will God things these all for that thou, know but eyes: thine of sight the in and heart, thine of ways the in walk and youth, thy of days the in thee cheer heart thy let and youth; thy in man, young O Rejoice,
vanity. is cometh that All many. be shall they for darkness; of days the remember him let yet all; them in rejoice and years, many live man a if But
sun: the behold to eyes the for is it thing pleasant a and sweet, is light the Truly
good. alike be shall both they whether or that, or this either prosper, shall whether not knowest thou for hand: thine not withhold evening the in and seed, thy sow morning the In
all. maketh who God of works the not knowest thou so even child: with is that her of womb the in grow do bones the how nor spirit, the of way the is what not knowest thou As
reap. not shall clouds the regardeth that he and sow; not shall wind the observeth that He
be. shall it there falleth, tree the where place the in north, the toward or south, the toward fall tree the if and earth: the upon themselves empty they rain, of full be clouds the If
earth. the upon be shall evil what not knowest thou for eight; to also and seven, to portion a Give
days. many after it find shalt thou for waters: the upon bread thy Cast
matter. the tell shall wings hath which that and voice, the carry shall air the of bird a for bedchamber: thy in rich the not curse and thought; thy in not no king, the not Curse
things. all answereth money but merry: maketh wine and laughter, for made is feast A
through. droppeth house the hands the of idleness through and decayeth; building the slothfulness much By
drunkenness! for not and strength, for season, due in eat princes thy and nobles, of son the is king thy when land, O thou, art Blessed
morning! the in eat princes thy and child, a is king thy when land, O thee, to Woe
city. the to go to how not knoweth he because them, of one every wearieth foolish the of labour The
him? tell can who him, after be shall what and be; shall what tell cannot man a words: of full is also fool A
madness. mischievous is talk his of end the and foolishness: is mouth his of words the of beginning The
himself. up swallow will fool a of lips the but gracious; are mouth man's wise a of words The
better. no is babbler a and enchantment; without bite will serpent the Surely
direct. to profitable is wisdom but strength: more to put he must then edge, the whet not do he and blunt, be iron the If
thereby. endangered be shall wood cleaveth that he and therewith; hurt be shall stones removeth Whoso
him. bite shall serpent a hedge, an breaketh whoso and it; into fall shall pit a diggeth that He
earth. the upon servants as walking princes and horses, upon servants seen have I
place. low in sit rich the and dignity, great in set is Folly
ruler: the from proceedeth which error an as sun, the under seen have I which evil an is There
offences. great pacifieth yielding for place; thy not leave thee, against up rise ruler the of spirit the If
fool. a is he that one every to saith he and him, faileth wisdom his way, the by walketh fool a is that he when also, Yea
left. his at heart fool's a but hand; right his at is heart man's wise A
honour. and wisdom for reputation in is that him folly little a doth so savour: stinking a forth send to apothecary the of ointment the cause flies Dead
good. much destroyeth sinner one but war: of weapons than better is Wisdom
fools. among ruleth that him of cry the than more quiet in heard are men wise of words The
heard. not are words his and despised, is wisdom man's poor the nevertheless strength: than better is Wisdom I, said Then
man. poor same that remembered man no yet city; the delivered wisdom his by he and man, wise poor a it in found was there Now
it: against bulwarks great built and it, besieged and it, against king great a came there and it; within men few and city, little a was There
me: unto great seemed it and sun, the under also seen I have wisdom This
them. upon suddenly falleth it when time, evil an in snared men of sons the are so snare; the in caught are that birds the as and net, evil an in taken are that fishes the as time: his not knoweth also man For
all. them to happeneth chance and time but skill; of men to favour yet nor understanding, of men to riches yet nor wise, the to bread yet neither strong, the to battle the nor swift, the to not is race the that sun, the under saw and returned, I
goest. thou whither grave, the in wisdom, nor knowledge, nor device, nor work, no is there for might; thy with it do do, to findeth hand thy Whatsoever
sun. the under takest thou which labour thy in and life, this in portion thy is that for vanity: thy of days the all sun, the under thee given hath he which vanity, thy of life the of days the all lovest thou whom wife the with joyfully Live
ointment. no lack head thy let and white; always be garments thy Let
works. thy accepteth now God for heart; merry a with wine thy drink and joy, with bread thy eat way, thy Go
sun. the under done is that thing any in ever for portion a more any they have neither perished; now is envy, their and hatred, their and love, their Also
forgotten. is them of memory the for reward; a more any they have neither thing, any not know dead the but die: shall they that know living the For
lion. dead a than better is dog living a for hope: is there living the all to joined is that him to For
dead. the to go they that after and live, they while heart their in is madness and evil, of full is men of sons the of heart the also yea, all: unto event one is there that sun, the under done are that things all among evil an is This
oath. an feareth that he as sweareth, that he and sinner; the is so good, the is as not: sacrificeth that him to and sacrificeth, that him to unclean; the to and clean, the to and good the to wicked; the to and righteous, the to event one is there all: to alike come things All
them. before is that all by hatred or love either knoweth man no God: of hand the in are works, their and wise, the and righteous, the that this, all declare to even heart my in considered I this all For
it. find to able be not he shall yet it, know to think man wise a though farther; yea it; find not shall he yet out, it seek to labour man a though because sun: the under done is that work the out find cannot man a that God, of work the all beheld I Then
eyes:) his with sleep seeth night nor day neither that is there also (for earth: the upon done is that business the see to and wisdom, know to heart mine applied I When
sun. the under him giveth God which life, his of days the labour his of him with abide shall that for merry: be to and drink, to and eat, to than sun, the under thing better no hath man a because mirth, commended I Then
vanity. is also this that said I righteous: the of work the to according happeneth it whom to men, wicked be there again, wicked; the of work the to according happeneth it whom unto men, just be there that earth; the upon done is which vanity a is There
God. before not feareth he because shadow; a as are which days, his prolong he shall neither wicked, the with well be not shall it But
him: before fear which God, fear that them with well be shall it that know I surely yet prolonged, be days his and times, hundred an evil do sinner a Though
evil. do to them in set fully is men of sons the of heart the therefore speedily, executed not is work evil an against sentence Because
vanity. also is this done: so had they where city the in forgotten were they and holy, the of place the from gone and come had who buried, wicked the saw I so And
hurt. own his to another over ruleth man one wherein time a is there sun: the under done is that work every unto heart my applied and seen, I have this All
it. to given are that those deliver wickedness shall neither war; that in discharge no is there and death: of day the in power he hath neither spirit; the retain to spirit the over power hath that man no is There
be? shall it when him tell can who for be: shall which that not knoweth he For
him. upon great is man of misery the therefore judgment, and time is there purpose every to Because
judgment. and time both discerneth heart man's wise a and thing: evil no feel shall commandment the keepeth Whoso
thou? doest What him, unto say may who and power: is there is, king a of word the Where
him. pleaseth whatsoever doeth he for thing; evil an in not stand sight: his of out go to hasty not Be
God. of oath the of regard in that and commandment, king's the keep to thee counsel I
changed. be shall face his of boldness the and shine, to face his maketh wisdom man's a thing? a of interpretation the knoweth who and man? wise the as is Who
inventions. many out sought have they but upright; man made hath God that found, I have only this Lo,
found. not I have those all among woman a but found; I have thousand a among man one not: find I but seeketh, soul my yet Which
account: the out find to one, by one counting preacher, the saith found, I have this Behold,
her. by taken be shall sinner the but her; from escape shall God pleaseth whoso bands: as hands her and nets, and snares is heart whose woman, the death than bitter more find I And
madness: and foolishness of even folly, of wickedness the know to and things, of reason the and wisdom, out seek to and search, to and know, to heart mine applied I
out? it find can who deep, exceeding and off, far is which That
me. from far was it but wise; be will I said, I wisdom: by proved I have this All
others. cursed hast likewise thyself thou that knoweth heart own thine also oftentimes For
thee: curse servant thy hear thou lest spoken; are that words all unto heed no take Also
not. sinneth and good, doeth that earth, upon man just a not is there For
city. the in are which men mighty ten than more wise the strengtheneth Wisdom
all. them of forth come shall God feareth that he for hand: thine not withdraw this from also yea, this; of hold take shouldest thou that good is It
time? thy before die thou shouldest why foolish: thou be neither wicked, much over not Be
? thyself destroy thou shouldest why wise: over thyself make neither much; over righteous not Be
wickedness. his in life his prolongeth that man wicked a is there and righteousness, his in perisheth that man just a is there vanity: my of days the in seen I have things All
him. after nothing find should man that end the to other, the against over one the set hath also God consider: adversity of day the in but joyful, be prosperity of day the In
crooked? made hath he which straight, that make can who for God: of work the Consider
it. have that them to life giveth wisdom that is, knowledge of excellency the but defence: a is money and defence, a is wisdom For
sun. the see that them to profit is there it by and inheritance: an with good is Wisdom
this. concerning wisely enquire not dost thou for these? than better were days former the that cause the is What thou, not Say
fools. of bosom the in resteth anger for angry: be to spirit thy in hasty not Be
spirit. in proud the than better is spirit in patient the and thereof: beginning the than thing a of end the is Better
heart. the destroyeth gift a and mad; man wise a maketh oppression Surely
vanity. is also this fool: the of laughter the is so pot, a under thorns of crackling the as For
fools. of song the hear to man a for than wise, the of rebuke the hear to better is It
mirth. of house the in is fools of heart the but mourning; of house the in is wise the of heart The
better. made is heart the countenance the of sadness the by for laughter: than better is Sorrow
heart. his to it lay will living the and men; all of end the is that for feasting: of house the to go to than mourning, of house the to go to better is It
birth. one's of day the than death of day the and ointment; precious than better is name good A
sun? the under him after be shall what man a tell can who for shadow? a as spendeth he which life vain his of days the all life, this in man for good is what knoweth who For
better? the man is what vanity, increase that things many be there Seeing
he. than mightier is that him with contend he may neither man: is it that known is it and already, named is been hath which That
spirit. of vexation and vanity also is this desire: the of wandering the than eyes the of sight the is Better
living? the before walk to knoweth that poor, the hath what fool? the than more wise the hath what For
filled. not is appetite the yet and mouth, his for is man of labour the All
place? one to go all not do good: no seen he hath yet told, twice years thousand a live he though Yea,
other. the than rest more hath this thing: any known nor sun, the seen not hath he Moreover
darkness. with covered be shall name his and darkness, in departeth and vanity, with in cometh he For
he. than better is birth untimely an that say, I burial; no have he that also and good, with filled not be soul his and many, be years his of days the that so years, many live and children, hundred an beget man a If
disease. evil an is it and vanity, is this it: eateth stranger a but thereof, eat to power not him giveth God yet desireth, he that all of soul his for nothing wanteth he that so honour, and wealth, riches, given hath God whom to man A
men: among common is it and sun, the under seen have I which evil an is There
heart. his of joy the in him answereth God because life; his of days the remember much not shall he For
God. of gift the is this labour; his in rejoice to and portion, his take to and thereof, eat to power him given hath and wealth, and riches given hath God whom to also man Every
portion. his is it for him: giveth God which life, his of days the all sun the under taketh he that labour his all of good the enjoy to and drink, to and eat to one for comely and good is it seen: have I which that Behold
sickness. his with wrath and sorrow much hath he and darkness, in eateth he also days his All
wind? the for laboured hath that he hath profit what and go: he shall so came, he as points all in that evil, sore a is also this And
hand. his in away carry may he which labour, his of nothing take shall and came, he as go to return he shall naked womb, mother's his of forth came he As
hand. his in nothing is there and son, a begetteth he and travail: evil by perish riches those But
hurt. their to thereof owners the for kept riches namely, sun, the under seen have I which evil sore a is There
sleep. to him suffer not will rich the of abundance the but much: or little eat he whether sweet, is man labouring a of sleep The
eyes? their with them of beholding the saving thereof, owners the to there is good what and them: eat that increased are they increase, goods When
vanity. also is this increase: with abundance loveth that he nor silver; with satisfied be not shall silver loveth that He
field. the by served is himself king the all: for is earth the of profit the Moreover
they. than higher be there and regardeth; highest the than higher is that he for matter: the at not marvel province, a in justice and judgment of perverting violent and poor, the of oppression the seest thou If
God. thou fear but vanities: divers also are there words many and dreams of multitude the in For
hands? thine of work the destroy and voice, thy at angry be God should wherefore error: an was it that angel, the before thou say neither sin; to flesh thy cause to mouth thy not Suffer
pay. not and vow shouldest thou that than vow, not shouldest thou that it is Better
vowed. hast thou which that pay fools: in pleasure no hath he for it; pay to not defer God, unto vow a vowest thou When
words. of multitude by known is voice fool's a and business; of multitude the through cometh dream a For
few. be words thy let therefore earth: upon thou and heaven, in is God for God: before thing any utter to hasty be heart thine not let and mouth, thy with rash not Be
evil. do they that not consider they for fools: of sacrifice the give to than hear, to ready more be and God, of house the to goest thou when foot thy Keep
spirit. of vexation and vanity is also this Surely him. in rejoice not shall after come that also they them: before been have that all of even people, the all of end no is There
stead. his in up stand shall that child second the with sun, the under walk which living the all considered I
poor. becometh kingdom his in born is that he also whereas reign; to cometh he prison of out For
admonished. be more no will who king, foolish and old an than child wise a and poor a is Better
broken. quickly not is cord threefold a and him; withstand shall two him, against prevail one if And
alone? warm be one can how but heat: have they then together, lie two if Again,
up. him help to another not hath he for falleth; he when alone is that him to woe but fellow: his up lift will one the fall, they if For
labour. their for reward good a have they because one; than better are Two
travail. sore a is it yea, vanity, also is This good? of soul my bereave and labour, I do whom For he, saith neither riches; with satisfied eye his is neither labour; his all of end no there is yet brother: nor child neither hath he yea, second; a not is there and alone, one is There
sun. the under vanity saw I and returned, I Then
spirit. of vexation and travail with full hands the both than quietness, with handful an is Better
flesh. own his eateth and together, hands his foldeth fool The
spirit. of vexation and vanity also is This neighbour. his of envied is man a this for that work, right every and travail, all considered I Again,
sun. the under done is that work evil the seen not hath who been, yet not hath which they, both than he is better Yea,
alive. yet are which living the than more dead already are which dead the praised I Wherefore
comforter. no had they but power; was there oppressors their of side the on and comforter; no had they and oppressed, were as such of tears the behold and sun: the under done are that oppressions the all considered and returned, I So
him? after be shall what see to him bring shall who for portion: his is that for works; own his in rejoice should man a that than better, nothing is there that perceive I Wherefore
earth? the to downward goeth that beast the of spirit the and upward, goeth that man of spirit the knoweth Who
again. dust to turn all and dust, the of are all place; one unto go All
vanity. is all for beast: a above preeminence no hath man a that so breath; one all have they yea, other; the dieth so dieth, one the as them: befalleth thing one even beasts; befalleth men of sons the befalleth which that For
beasts. are themselves they that see might they that and them, manifest might God that men, of sons the of estate the concerning heart mine in said I
work. every for and purpose every for there time a is there for wicked: the and righteous the judge shall God heart, mine in said I
there. was iniquity that righteousness, of place the and there; was wickedness that judgment, of place the sun the under saw I moreover And
past. is which that requireth God and been; already hath be to is which that and now; is been hath which That
him. before fear should men that it, doeth God and it: from taken thing any nor it, to put be can nothing ever: for be shall it doeth, God whatsoever that, know I
God. of gift the is it labour, his all of good the enjoy and drink, and eat should man every that also And
life. his in good do to and rejoice, to man a for but them, in good no is there that know I
end. the to beginning the from maketh God that work the out find can man no that so heart, their in world the set hath he also time: his in beautiful thing every made hath He
it. in exercised be to men of sons the to given hath God which travail, the seen have I
laboureth? he wherein that in worketh that he hath profit What
peace. of time a and war, of time a hate; to time a and love, to time A
speak; to time a and silence, keep to time a sew; to time a and rend, to time A
away; cast to time a and keep, to time a lose; to time a and get, to time A
embracing; from refrain to time a and embrace, to time a together; stones gather to time a and stones, away cast to time A
dance; to time a and mourn, to time a laugh; to time a and weep, to time A
up; build to time a and down, break to time a heal; to time a and kill, to time A
planted; is which that up pluck to time a and plant, to time a die; to time a and born, be to time A
heaven: the under purpose every to time a and season, a is there thing every To
spirit. of vexation and vanity is also This God. before good is that him to give may he that up, heap to and gather to travail, giveth he sinner the to but joy: and knowledge, and wisdom, sight his in good is that man a to giveth God For
I? than more hereunto, hasten can else who or eat, can who For
God. of hand the from was it that saw, I also This labour. his in good enjoy soul his make should he that and drink, and eat should he that than man, a for better nothing is There
vanity. also is This night. the in rest not taketh heart his yea, grief; travail his and sorrows, are days his all For
sun? the under laboured hath he wherein heart, his of vexation the of and labour, his all of man hath what For
evil. great a and vanity is also This portion. his for it leave he shall therein laboured not hath that man a to yet equity; in and knowledge, in and wisdom, in is labour whose man a is there For
sun. the under took I which labour the all of despair to heart my cause to about went I Therefore
vanity. also is This sun. the under wise myself shewed have I wherein and laboured, have I wherein labour my all over rule have he shall yet fool? a or man wise a be shall he whether knoweth who And
me. after be shall that man the unto it leave should I because sun: the under taken had I which labour my all hated I Yea,
spirit. of vexation and vanity is all for me: unto grievous is sun the under wrought is that work the because life; hated I Therefore
fool. the as man? wise the dieth how And forgotten. be all shall come to days the in is now which that seeing ever; for fool the of than more wise the of remembrance no is there For
vanity. is also this that heart, my in said I Then wise? more then I was why and me; to even happeneth it so fool, the to happeneth it As heart, my in I said Then
all. them to happeneth event one that also perceived myself I and darkness: in walketh fool the but head; his in are eyes man's wise The
darkness. excelleth light as far as folly, excelleth wisdom that saw I Then
done. already been hath which that even king? the after cometh that do man the can what for folly: and madness, and wisdom, behold to myself turned I And
sun. the under profit no was there and spirit, of vexation and vanity was all behold, and, do: to laboured had I that labour the on and wrought, had hands my that works the all on looked I Then
labour. my all of portion my was this and labour: my all in rejoiced heart my for joy; any from heart my not withheld I them, from not kept I desired eyes mine whatsoever And
me. with remained wisdom my also Jerusalem: in me before were that all than more increased and great, was I So
sorts. all of that and instruments, musical as men, of sons the of delights the and singers, women and singers men me gat I provinces: the of and kings of treasure peculiar the and gold, and silver also me gathered I
me: before Jerusalem in were that all above cattle small and great of possessions great had I also house; my in born servants had and maidens, and servants me got I
trees: forth bringeth that wood the therewith water to water, of pools me made I
fruits: of kind all of them in trees planted I and orchards, and gardens me made I
vineyards: me planted I houses; me builded I works; great me made I
life. their of days the all heaven the under do should they which men, of sons the for good that was what see might I till folly, on hold lay to and wisdom; with heart mine acquainting yet wine, unto myself give to heart mine in sought I
it? doeth What mirth, of and mad: is It laughter, of said I
vanity. is also this behold, and, pleasure: enjoy therefore mirth, with thee prove will I now, to Go heart, mine in said I
sorrow. increaseth knowledge increaseth that he and grief: much is wisdom much in For
spirit. of vexation is also this that perceived I folly: and madness know to and wisdom, know to heart my gave I And
knowledge. and wisdom of experience great had heart my yea, Jerusalem: in me before been have that they all than wisdom more gotten have and estate, great to come am I Lo, saying, heart, own mine with communed I
numbered. be cannot wanting is which that and straight: made be cannot crooked is which That
spirit. of vexation and vanity is all behold, and, sun; the under done are that works the all seen have I
therewith. exercised be to man of sons the to given God hath travail sore this heaven: under done are that things all concerning wisdom by out search and seek to heart my gave I And
Jerusalem. in Israel over king was Preacher the I
after. come shall that those with come to are that things of remembrance any be there shall neither things; former of remembrance no is There
us. before was which time, old of already been hath it new? is this See, said, be may it whereof thing any there Is
sun. the under thing new no is there and done: be shall which that is done is which that and be; shall which that is it been, hath that thing The
hearing. with filled ear the nor seeing, with satisfied not is eye the it: utter cannot man labour; of full are things All
again. return they thither come, rivers the whence from place the unto full; not is sea the yet sea; the into run rivers the All
circuits. his to according again returneth wind the and continually, about whirleth it north; the unto about turneth and south, the toward goeth wind The
arose. he where place his to hasteth and down, goeth sun the and ariseth, also sun The
ever. for abideth earth the but cometh: generation another and away, passeth generation One
sun? the under taketh he which labour his all of man a hath profit What
vanity. is all vanities; of vanity Preacher, the saith vanities, of Vanity
Jerusalem. in king David, of son the Preacher, the of words The
Ecclesiastes
gates. the in her praise works own her let and hands; her of fruit the of her Give
praised. be shall she , Lord the feareth that woman a but vain: is beauty and deceitful, is Favour
all. them excellest thou but virtuously, done have daughters Many
her. praiseth he and also, husband her blessed; her call and up, arise children Her
idleness. of bread the not eateth and household, her of ways the to well looketh She
kindness. of law the is tongue her in and wisdom; with mouth her openeth She
come. to time in rejoice shall she and clothing; her are honour and Strength
merchant. the unto girdles delivereth and it; selleth and linen, fine maketh She
land. the of elders the among sitteth he when gates, the in known is husband Her
purple. and silk is clothing her tapestry; of coverings herself maketh She
scarlet. with clothed are household her all for household: her for snow the of afraid not is She
needy. the to hands her forth reacheth she yea, poor; the to hand her out stretcheth She
distaff. the hold hands her and spindle, the to hands her layeth She
night. by out not goeth candle her good: is merchandise her that perceiveth She
arms. her strengtheneth and strength, with loins her girdeth She
vineyard. a planteth she hands her of fruit the with it: buyeth and field, a considereth She
maidens. her to portion a and household, her to meat giveth and night, yet is it while also riseth She
afar. from food her bringeth she ships; merchants' the like is She
hands. her with willingly worketh and flax, and wool, seeketh She
life. her of days the all evil not and good him do will She
spoil. of need no have shall he that so her, in trust safely doth husband her of heart The
rubies. above far is price her for woman? virtuous a find can Who
needy. and poor the of cause the plead and righteously, judge mouth, thy Open
destruction. to appointed are as such all of cause the in dumb the for mouth thy Open
more. no misery his remember and poverty, his forget and drink, him Let
hearts. heavy of be that those unto wine and perish, to ready is that him unto drink strong Give
afflicted. the of any of judgment the pervert and law, the forget and drink, they Lest
drink: strong princes for nor wine; drink to kings for not is it Lemuel, O kings, for not is It
kings. destroyeth which that to ways thy nor women, unto strength thy not Give
vows? my of son the what, and womb? my of son the what, and son? my What,
him. taught mother his that prophecy the Lemuel, king of words The
strife. forth bringeth wrath of forcing the so blood: forth bringeth nose the of wringing the and butter, forth bringeth milk of churning the Surely
mouth. thy upon hand thine lay evil, thought hast thou if or thyself, up lifting in foolishly done hast thou If
up. rising no is there whom against king, a and also; goat he an greyhound; A
any; for away not turneth and beasts, among strongest is which lion A
going: in comely are four yea, well, go which things three be There
palaces. kings' in is and hands, her with hold taketh spider The
bands; by them of all forth they go yet king, no have locusts The
rocks; the in houses their they make yet folk, feeble a but are conies The
summer; the in meat their prepare they yet strong, not people a are ants The
wise: exceeding are they but earth, the upon little are which things four be There
mistress. her to heir is that handmaid an and married; is she when woman odious an For
meat; with filled is he when fool a and reigneth; he when servant a For
bear: cannot it which four for and disquieted, is earth the things three For
wickedness. no done have I saith, and mouth, her wipeth and eateth, she woman; adulterous an of way the is Such
maid. a with man a of way the and sea; the of midst the in ship a of way the rock; a upon serpent a of way the air; the in eagle an of way The
not: know I which four yea, me, for wonderful too are which things three be There
it. eat shall eagles young the and out, it pick shall valley the of ravens the mother, his obey to despiseth and father, his at mocketh that eye The
enough. is It not, saith that fire the and water; with filled not is that earth the womb; barren the and grave; The
enough: is It not, say things four yea, satisfied, never are that things three are There give. Give, crying, daughters, two hath horseleach The
men. among from needy the and earth, the off from poor the devour to knives, as teeth jaw their and swords, as are teeth whose generation, a is There
up. lifted are eyelids their and eyes! their are lofty how O generation, a is There
filthiness. their from washed not is yet and eyes, own their in pure are that generation a is There
mother. their bless not doth and father, their curseth that generation a is There
guilty. found be thou and thee, curse he lest master, his unto servant a not Accuse
vain. in God my of name the take and steal, and poor, be I lest or ? Lord the is Who say, and thee, deny and full, be I Lest
me: for convenient food with me feed riches; nor poverty neither me give lies: and vanity me from far Remove
die: I before not them me deny thee; of required I have things Two
liar. a found be thou and thee, reprove he lest words, his unto not thou Add
him. in trust their put that them unto shield a is he pure: is God of word Every
tell? canst thou if name, son's his is what and name, his is what earth? the of ends the all established hath who garment? a in waters the bound hath who fists? his in wind the gathered hath who descended? or heaven, into up ascended hath Who
holy. the of knowledge the have nor wisdom, learned neither I
man. a of understanding the not have and man, any than brutish more am I Surely
Ucal, and Ithiel unto even Ithiel, unto spake man the prophecy: the even Jakeh, of son the Agur of words The
wicked. the to abomination is way the in upright is that he and just: the to abomination an is man unjust An
. Lord the from cometh judgment man's every but favour; ruler's the seek Many
safe. be shall Lord the in trust his putteth whoso but snare: a bringeth man of fear The
not. it bewrayeth and cursing, heareth he soul: own his hateth thief a with partner is Whoso
spirit. in humble the uphold shall honour but low: him bring shall pride man's A
transgression. in aboundeth man furious a and strife, up stirreth man angry An
length. the at son his become him have shall child a from servant his up bringeth delicately that He
him. of than fool a of hope more is there words? his in hasty is that man a thou Seest
answer. not will he understand he though for words: by corrected be not will servant A
he. is happy law, the keepeth that he but perish: people the vision, no is there Where
soul. thy unto delight give shall he yea, rest; thee give shall he and son, thy Correct
fall. their see shall righteous the but increaseth: transgression multiplied, are wicked the When
shame. to mother his bringeth himself to left child a but wisdom: give reproof and rod The
ever. for established be shall throne his poor, the judgeth faithfully that king The
eyes. their both lighteneth Lord the together: meet man deceitful the and poor The
wicked. are servants his all lies, to hearken ruler a If
afterwards. till in it keepeth man wise a but mind: his all uttereth fool A
soul. his seek just the but upright: the hate bloodthirsty The
rest. no is there laugh, or rage he whether man, foolish a with contendeth man wise a If
wrath. away turn men wise but snare: a into city a bring men Scornful
it. know to not regardeth wicked the but poor: the of cause the considereth righteous The
rejoice. and sing doth righteous the but snare: a is there man evil an of transgression the In
feet. his for net a spreadeth neighbour his flattereth that man A
it. overthroweth gifts receiveth that he but land: the establisheth judgment by king The
substance. his spendeth harlots with company keepeth that he but father: his rejoiceth wisdom loveth Whoso
mourn. people the rule, beareth wicked the when but rejoice: people the authority, in are righteous the When
remedy. without that and destroyed, be suddenly shall neck, his hardeneth reproved often being that He,
increase. righteous the perish, they when but themselves: hide men rise, wicked the When
curse. a many have shall eyes his hideth that he but lack: not shall poor the unto giveth that He
delivered. be shall he wisely, walketh whoso but fool: a is heart own his in trusteth that He
fat. made be shall Lord the in trust his putteth that he but strife: up stirreth heart proud a of is that He
destroyer. a of companion the is same the transgression; no is It saith, and mother, his or father his robbeth Whoso
tongue. the with flattereth that he than favour more find shall afterwards man a rebuketh that He
him. upon come shall poverty that not considereth and eye, evil an hath rich be to hasteth that He
transgress. will man that bread of piece a for for good: not is persons of respect have To
innocent. be not shall rich be to haste maketh that he but blessings: with abound shall man faithful A
enough. poverty have shall persons vain after followeth that he but bread: of plenty have shall land his tilleth that He
once. at fall shall ways his in perverse is that he but saved: be shall uprightly walketh Whoso
him. stay man no let pit; the to flee shall person any of blood the to violence doeth that man A
days. his prolong shall covetousness hateth that he but oppressor: great a also is understanding wanteth that prince The
people. poor the over ruler wicked a is so bear; ranging a and lion, roaring a As
mischief. into fall shall heart his hardeneth that he but alway: feareth that man the is Happy
mercy. have shall them forsaketh and confesseth whoso but prosper: not shall sins his covereth that He
hidden. is man a rise, wicked the when but glory: great is there rejoice, do men righteous When
out. him searcheth understanding hath that poor the but conceit; own his in wise is man rich The
possession. in things good have shall upright the but pit: own his into himself fall shall he way, evil an in astray go to righteous the causeth Whoso
abomination. be shall prayer his even law, the hearing from ear his away turneth that He
poor. the pity will that him for it gather shall he substance, his increaseth gain unjust and usury by that He
father. his shameth men riotous of companion a is that he but son: wise a is law the keepeth Whoso
rich. be he though ways, his in perverse is that he than uprightness, his in walketh that poor the is Better
things. all understand Lord the seek that they but judgment: not understand men Evil
them. with contend law the keep as such but wicked: the praise law the forsake that They
food. no leaveth which rain sweeping a like is poor the oppresseth that man poor A
prolonged. be shall thereof state the knowledge and understanding of man a by but thereof: princes the are many land a of transgression the For
lion. a as bold are righteous the but pursueth: man no when flee wicked The
maidens. thy for maintenance the for and household, thy of food the for food, thy for enough milk goats' have shalt thou And
field. the of price the are goats the and clothing, thy for are lambs The
gathered. are mountains the of herbs and itself, sheweth grass tender the and appeareth, hay The
generation? every to endure crown the doth and ever: for not are riches For
herds. thy to well look and flocks, thy of state the know to diligent thou Be
him. from depart foolishness his not will yet pestle, a with wheat among mortar a in fool a bray shouldest thou Though
praise. his to man a is so gold; for furnace the and silver, for pot fining the As
satisfied. never are man of eyes the so full; never are destruction and Hell
man. to man of heart the so face, to answereth face water in As
honoured. be shall master his on waiteth that he so thereof: fruit the eat shall tree fig the keepeth Whoso
friend. his of countenance the sharpeneth man a so iron; sharpeneth Iron
itself. bewrayeth which hand, right his of ointment the and wind, the hideth her hideth Whosoever
alike. are woman contentious a and day rainy very a in dropping continual A
him. to curse a counted be shall it morning, the in early rising voice, loud a with friend his blesseth that He
woman. strange a for him of pledge a take and stranger, a for surety is that garment his Take
punished. are and on, pass simple the but himself; hideth and evil, the foreseeth man prudent A
me. reproacheth that him answer may I that glad, heart my make and wise, be son, My
off. far brother a than near is that neighbour a is better for calamity: thy of day the in house brother's thy into go neither not; forsake friend, father's thy and friend, own Thine
counsel. hearty by friend man's a of sweetness the doth so heart: the rejoice perfume and Ointment
place. his from wandereth that man a is so nest, her from wandereth that bird a As
sweet. is thing bitter every soul hungry the to but honeycomb; an loatheth soul full The
deceitful. are enemy an of kisses the but friend; a of wounds the are Faithful
love. secret than better is rebuke Open
envy? before stand to able is who but outrageous; is anger and cruel, is Wrath
both. them than heavier is wrath fool's a but weighty; sand the and heavy, is stone A
lips. own thine not and stranger, a mouth; own thine not and thee, praise man another Let
forth. bring may day a what not knowest thou for morrow; to of thyself not Boast
ruin. worketh mouth flattering a and it; by afflicted are that those hateth tongue lying A
him. upon return will it stone, a rolleth that he and therein: fall shall pit a diggeth Whoso
congregation. whole the before shewed be shall wickedness his deceit, by covered is hatred Whose
heart. his in abominations seven are there for not: him believe fair, speaketh he When
him; within deceit up layeth and lips, his with dissembleth hateth that He
dross. silver with covered potsherd a like are heart wicked a and lips Burning
belly. the of parts innermost the into down go they and wounds, as are talebearer a of words The
strife. kindle to man contentious a is so fire; to wood and coals, burning to are coals As
ceaseth. strife the talebearer, no is there where so out: goeth fire the there is, wood no Where
sport? in I not Am saith, and neighbour, his deceiveth that man the is So
death, and arrows, firebrands, casteth who man mad a As
ears. the by dog a taketh that one like is him, to not belonging strife with meddleth and by, passeth that He
reason. a render can that men seven than conceit own his in wiser is sluggard The
mouth. his to again it bring to him grieveth it bosom; his in hand his hideth slothful The
bed. his upon slothful the doth so hinges, his upon turneth door the As
streets. the in is lion a way; the in lion a is There saith, man slothful The
him. of than fool a of hope more is there conceit? own his in wise man a thou Seest
folly. his to returneth fool a so vomit, his to returneth dog a As
transgressors. rewardeth and fool, the rewardeth both things all formed that God great The
fools. of mouths the in parable a is so drunkard, a of hand the into up goeth thorn a As
fool. a to honour giveth that he is so sling, a in stone a bindeth that he As
fools. of mouth the in parable a is so equal: not are lame the of legs The
damage. drinketh and feet, the off cutteth fool a of hand the by message a sendeth that He
conceit. own his in wise be he lest folly, his to according fool a Answer
him. unto like be also thou lest folly, his to according fool a not Answer
back. fool's the for rod a and ass, the for bridle a horse, the for whip A
come. not shall causeless curse the so flying, by swallow the as wandering, by bird the As
fool. a for seemly not is honour so harvest, in rain as and summer, in snow As
walls. without and down, broken is that city a like is spirit own his over rule no hath that He
glory. not is glory own their search to men for so honey: much eat to good not is It
spring. corrupt a and fountain, troubled a as is wicked the before down falling man righteous A
country. far a from news good is so soul, thirsty a to waters cold As
house. wide a in and woman brawling a with than housetop, the of corner the in dwell to better is It
tongue. backbiting a countenance angry an doth so rain: away driveth wind north The
thee. reward shall Lord the and head, his upon fire of coals heap shalt thou For
drink: to water him give thirsty, be he if and eat; to bread him give hungry, be enemy thine If
heart. heavy an to songs singeth that he is so nitre, upon vinegar as and weather, cold in garment a away taketh that he As
joint. of out foot a and tooth, broken a like is trouble of time in man unfaithful an in Confidence
arrow. sharp a and sword, a and maul, a is neighbour his against witness false beareth that man A
thee. hate so and thee, of weary be he lest house; neighbour's thy from foot thy Withdraw
it. vomit and therewith, filled be thou lest thee, for sufficient is as much so eat honey? found thou Hast
bone. the breaketh tongue soft a and persuaded, prince a is forbearing long By
rain. without wind and clouds like is gift false a of himself boasteth Whoso
masters. his of soul the refresheth he for him: send that them to messenger faithful a is so harvest, of time the in snow of cold the As
ear. obedient an upon reprover wise a is so gold, fine of ornament an and gold, of earring an As
silver. of pictures in gold of apples like is spoken fitly word A
away. not turn infamy thine and shame, to thee put it heareth that he Lest
another: to secret a not discover and himself; neighbour thy with cause thy Debate
shame. to thee put hath neighbour thy when thereof, end the in do to what not know thou lest strive, to hastily forth not Go
seen. have eyes thine whom prince the of presence the in lower put be shouldest thou that than hither; up Come thee, unto said be it that is it better For
men: great of place the in not stand and king, the of presence the in thyself forth not Put
righteousness. in established be shall throne his and king, the before from wicked the away Take
finer. the for vessel a forth come shall there and silver, the from dross the away Take
unsearchable. is kings of heart the and depth, for earth the and height, for heaven The
matter. a out search to is kings of honour the but thing: a conceal to God of glory the is It
out. copied Judah of king Hezekiah of men the which Solomon, of proverbs also are These
man. armed an as want thy and travelleth; that one as come poverty thy shall So
sleep: to hands the of folding little a slumber, little a sleep, little a Yet
instruction. received and it, upon looked I well: it considered and saw, I Then
down. broken was thereof wall stone the and thereof, face the covered had nettles and thorns, with over grown all was it lo, And,
understanding; of void man the of vineyard the by and slothful, the of field the by went I
work. his to according man the to render will I me: to done hath he as him to so do will I not, Say
lips. thy with not deceive and cause; without neighbour thy against witness a not Be
house. thine build afterwards and field; the in thyself for fit it make and without, work thy Prepare
answer. right a giveth that lips his kiss shall man Every
them. upon come shall blessing good a and delight, be shall him rebuke that them to But
him: abhor shall nations curse, people the shall him righteous; are Thou wicked, the unto saith that He
judgment. in persons of respect have to good not is It wise. the to belong also things These
both? them of ruin the knoweth who and suddenly; rise shall calamity their For
change: to given are that them with not meddle and king: the and Lord the thou fear son, My
out. put be shall wicked the of candle the man; evil the to reward no be shall there For
wicked: the at envious thou be neither men, evil of because thyself not Fret
him. from wrath his away turn he and him, displease it and it, see Lord the Lest
stumbleth: he when glad be heart thine not let and falleth, enemy thine when not Rejoice
mischief. into fall shall wicked the but again: up riseth and times, seven falleth man just a For
place: resting his not spoil righteous; the of dwelling the against man, wicked O wait, not Lay
off. cut be not shall expectation thy and reward, a be shall there then it, found hast thou when soul: thy unto be wisdom of knowledge the shall So
taste: thy to sweet is which honeycomb, the and good; is it because honey, thou eat son, My
works? his to according man every to render he not shall and it? know he not doth soul, thy keepeth that he and it? consider heart the pondereth that he not doth not; it knew we Behold, sayest, thou If
slain; be to ready are that those and death, unto drawn are that them deliver to forbear thou If
small. is strength thy adversity, of day the in faint thou If
men. to abomination an is scorner the and sin: is foolishness of thought The
person. mischievous a called be shall evil do to deviseth that He
gate. the in mouth his not openeth he fool: a for high too is Wisdom
safety. is there counsellors of multitude in and war: thy make shalt thou counsel wise by For
strength. increaseth knowledge of man a yea, strong; is man wise A
riches. pleasant and precious all with filled be chambers the shall knowledge by And
established: is it understanding by and builded; house an is wisdom Through
mischief. of talk lips their and destruction, studieth heart their For
them. with be to desire neither men, evil against envious thou not Be
again. yet it seek will I awake? I shall when not: it felt I and me, beaten have they sick; not was I and say, thou shalt me, stricken have They
mast. a of top the upon lieth that he as or sea, the of midst the in down lieth that he as be shalt thou Yea,
things. perverse utter shall heart thine and women, strange behold shall eyes Thine
adder. an like stingeth and serpent, a like biteth it last the At
aright. itself moveth it when cup, the in colour his giveth it when red, is it when wine the upon thou not Look
wine. mixed seek to go that they wine; the at long tarry that They
eyes? of redness hath who cause? without wounds hath who babbling? hath who contentions? hath who sorrow? hath who woe? hath Who
men. among transgressors the increaseth and prey, a for as wait in lieth also She
pit. narrow a is woman strange a and ditch; deep a is whore a For
ways. my observe eyes thine let and heart, thine me give son, My
rejoice. shall thee bare that she and glad, be shall mother thy and father Thy
him. of joy have shall child wise a begetteth that he and rejoice: greatly shall righteous the of father The
understanding. and instruction, and wisdom, also not; it sell and truth, the Buy
old. is she when mother thy not despise and thee, begat that father thy unto Hearken
rags. with man a clothe shall drowsiness and poverty: to come shall glutton the and drunkard the For
flesh: of eaters riotous among winebibbers; among not Be
way. the in heart thine guide and wise, be and son, my thou, Hear
off. cut be not shall expectation thine and end; an is there surely For
long. day the all Lord the of fear the in thou be but sinners: envy heart thine not Let
things. right speak lips thy when rejoice, shall reins my Yea,
mine. even rejoice, shall heart my wise, be heart thine if son, My
hell. from soul his deliver shalt and rod, the with him beat shalt Thou
die. not shall he rod, the with him beatest thou if for child: the from correction not Withhold
knowledge. of words the to ears thine and instruction, unto heart thine Apply
thee. with cause their plead shall he mighty; is redeemer their For
fatherless: the of fields the into not enter and landmark; old the not Remove
words. thy of wisdom the despise will he for fool: a of ears the in not Speak
words. sweet thy lose and up, vomit thou shalt eaten hast thou which morsel The
thee. with not is heart his but thee; to he saith drink, and Eat he: is so heart, his in thinketh he as For
meats: dainty his thou desire neither eye, evil an hath that him of bread the not thou Eat
heaven. toward eagle an as away fly they wings; themselves make certainly riches for not? is which that upon eyes thine set thou Wilt
wisdom. own thine from cease rich: be to not Labour
meat. deceitful are they for dainties: his of desirous not Be
appetite. to given man a be thou if throat, thy to knife a put And
thee: before is what diligently consider ruler, a with eat to sittest thou When
men. mean before stand not shall he kings; before stand shall he business? his in diligent man a thou Seest
set. have fathers thy which landmark, ancient the not Remove
thee? under from bed thy away take he should why pay, to nothing hast thou If
debts. for sureties are that them of or hands, strike that them of one thou not Be
soul. thy to snare a get and ways, his learn thou Lest
go: not shalt thou man furious a with and man; angry an with friendship no Make
them. spoiled that those of soul the spoil and cause, their plead will Lord the For
gate: the in afflicted the oppress neither poor: is he because poor, the not Rob
thee? unto send that them to truth of words the answer mightest thou that truth; of words the of certainty the know thee make might I That
knowledge, and counsels in things excellent thee to written I not Have
thee. to even day, this thee to known made have I , Lord the in be may trust thy That
lips. thy in fitted be withal shall they thee; within them keep thou if thing pleasant a is it For
knowledge. my unto heart thine apply and wise, the of words the hear and ear, thine down Bow
want. to come surely shall rich, the to giveth that he and riches, his increase to poor the oppresseth that He
him. from far it drive shall correction of rod the but child; a of heart the in bound is Foolishness
therein. fall shall Lord the of abhorred is that he pit: deep a is women strange of mouth The
streets. the in slain be shall I without, lion a is There saith, man slothful The
transgressor. the of words the overthroweth he and knowledge, preserve Lord the of eyes The
friend. his be shall king the lips his of grace the for heart, of pureness loveth that He
cease. shall reproach and strife yea, out; go shall contention and scorner, the out Cast
poor. the to bread his of giveth he for blessed; be shall eye bountiful a hath that He
fail. shall anger his of rod the and vanity: reap shall iniquity soweth that He
lender. the to servant is borrower the and poor, the over ruleth rich The
it. from depart not will he old, is he when and go: should he way the in child a up Train
them. from far be shall soul his keep doth that he froward: the of way the in are snares and Thorns
life. and honour, and riches, are Lord the of fear the and humility By
punished. are and on, pass simple the but himself: hideth and evil, the foreseeth man prudent A
all. them of maker the is Lord the together: meet poor and rich The
gold. and silver than rather favour loving and riches, great than chosen be to rather is name good A
. Lord the of is safety but battle: of day the against prepared is horse The
. Lord the against counsel nor understanding nor wisdom no is There
way. his directeth he upright, the for as but face: his hardeneth man wicked A
constantly. speaketh heareth that man the but perish: shall witness false A
mind? wicked a with it bringeth he when more, much how abomination: is wicked the of sacrifice The
not. spareth and giveth righteous the but long: day the all greedily coveteth He
labour. to refuse hands his for him; killeth slothful the of desire The
wrath. proud in dealeth who name, his is scorner haughty and Proud
troubles. from soul his keepeth tongue his and mouth his keepeth Whoso
thereof. confidence the of strength the down casteth and mighty, the of city the scaleth man wise A
honour. and righteousness, life, findeth mercy and righteousness after followeth that He
up. it spendeth man foolish a but wise; the of dwelling the in oil and desired be to treasure is There
woman. angry an and contentious a with than wilderness, the in dwell to better is It
upright. the for transgressor the and righteous, the for ransom a be shall wicked The
rich. be not shall oil and wine loveth that he man: poor a be shall pleasure loveth that He
dead. the of congregation the in remain shall understanding of way the of out wandereth that man The
iniquity. of workers the to be shall destruction but judgment: do to just the to joy is It
wrath. strong bosom the in reward a and anger: pacifieth secret in gift A
heard. be not shall but himself, cry shall also he poor, the of cry the at ears his stoppeth Whoso
wickedness. their for wicked the overthroweth God but wicked: the of house the considereth wisely man righteous The
knowledge. receiveth he instructed, is wise the when and wise: made is simple the punished, is scorner the When
eyes. his in favour no findeth neighbour his evil: desireth wicked the of soul The
house. wide a in woman brawling a with than housetop, the of corner a in dwell to better is It
right. is work his pure, the for as but strange: and froward is man of way The
judgment. do to refuse they because them; destroy shall wicked the of robbery The
death. seek that them of fro and to tossed vanity a is tongue lying a by treasures of getting The
want. to only hasty is that one every of but plenteousness; to only tend diligent the of thoughts The
sin. is wicked, the of plowing the and heart, proud a and look, high An
sacrifice. than Lord the to acceptable more is judgment and justice do To
hearts. the pondereth Lord the but eyes: own his in right is man a of way Every
will. he whithersoever it turneth he water: of rivers the as , Lord the of hand the in is heart king's The
belly. the of parts inward the stripes do so evil: away cleanseth wound a of blueness The
head. grey the is men old of beauty the and strength: their is men young of glory The
mercy. by upholden is throne his and king: the preserve truth and Mercy
belly. the of parts inward the all searching , Lord the of candle the is man of spirit The
them. over wheel the bringeth and wicked, the scattereth king wise A
enquiry. make to vows after and holy, is which that devoureth who man the to snare a is It
way? own his understand then man a can how ; Lord the of are goings Man's
good. not is balance false a and ; Lord the unto abomination an are weights Divers
thee. save shall he and , Lord the on wait but evil; recompense will I thou, not Say
blessed. be not shall thereof end the but beginning; the at hastily gotten be may inheritance An
darkness. obscure in out put be shall lamp his mother, his or father his curseth Whoso
lips. his with flattereth that him with not meddle therefore secrets: revealeth talebearer a as about goeth that He
war. make advice good with and counsel: by established is purpose Every
gravel. with filled be shall mouth his afterwards but man; a to sweet is deceit of Bread
woman. strange a for him of pledge a take and stranger: a for surety is that garment his Take
jewel. precious a are knowledge of lips the but rubies: of multitude a and gold, is There
boasteth. he then way, his gone is he when but buyer: the saith naught, is it naught, is It
bread. with satisfied be shalt thou and eyes, thine open poverty; to come thou lest sleep, not Love
them. of both even made hath Lord the eye, seeing the and ear, hearing The
right. be it whether and pure, be work his whether doings, his by known is child a Even
. Lord the to abomination alike are them of both measures, divers and weights, Divers
sin? my from pure am I clean, heart my made have I say, can Who
eyes. his with evil all away scattereth judgment of throne the in sitteth that king A
him. after blessed are children his integrity: his in walketh man just The
find? can who man faithful a but goodness: own his one every proclaim will men Most
out. it draw will understanding of man a but water; deep like is man of heart the in Counsel
nothing. have and harvest, in beg he shall therefore cold; the of reason by plow not will sluggard The
meddling. be will fool every but strife: from cease to man a for honour an is It
soul. own his against sinneth anger to him provoketh whoso lion: a of roaring the as is king a of fear The
wise. not is thereby deceived is whosoever and raging: is drink strong mocker, a is Wine
fools. of back the for stripes and scorners, for prepared are Judgments
iniquity. devoureth wicked the of mouth the and judgment: scorneth witness ungodly An
knowledge. of words the from err to causeth that instruction the hear to son, my Cease,
reproach. bringeth and shame, causeth that son a is mother, his away chaseth and father, his wasteth that He
knowledge. understand will he and understanding, hath that one reprove and beware: will simple the and scorner, a Smite
again. mouth his to it bring as much so not will and bosom, his in hand his hideth man slothful A
evil. with visited be not shall he satisfied; abide shall it hath that he and life: to tendeth Lord the of fear The
liar. a than better is man poor a and kindness: his is man a of desire The
stand. shall that , Lord the of counsel the nevertheless heart; man's a in devices many are There
end. latter thy in wise be mayest thou that instruction, receive and counsel, Hear
again. it do must thou yet him, deliver thou if for punishment: suffer shall wrath great of man A
crying. his for spare soul thy not let and hope, is there while son thy Chasten
again. him pay he will given hath he which that and ; Lord the unto lendeth poor the upon pity hath that He
die. shall ways his despiseth that he but soul; own his keepeth commandment the keepeth that He
hunger. suffer shall soul idle an and sleep; deep a into casteth Slothfulness
. Lord the from is wife prudent a and fathers: of inheritance the are riches and House
dropping. continual a are wife a of contentions the and father: his of calamity the is son foolish A
grass. the upon dew as is favour his but lion; a of roaring the as is wrath king's The
transgression. a over pass to glory his is it and anger; his deferreth man a of discretion The
princes. over rule have to servant a for less much fool; a for seemly not is Delight
perish. shall lies speaketh that he and unpunished, be not shall witness false A
good. find shall understanding keepeth that he soul: own his loveth wisdom getteth that He
him. to wanting are they yet words, with them pursueth he him? from far go friends his do more much how him: hate do poor the of brethren the All
gifts. giveth that him to friend a is man every and prince: the of favour the intreat will Many
escape. not shall lies speaketh that he and unpunished, be not shall witness false A
neighbour. his from separated is poor the but friends; many maketh Wealth
. Lord the against fretteth heart his and way: his perverteth man of foolishness The
sinneth. feet his with hasteth that he and good; not is it knowledge, without be soul the that Also,
fool. a is and lips, his in perverse is that he than integrity, his in walketh that poor the is Better
brother. a than closer sticketh that friend a is there and friendly: himself shew must friends hath that man A
roughly. answereth rich the but intreaties; useth poor The
. Lord the of favour obtaineth and thing, good a findeth wife a findeth Whoso
thereof. fruit the eat shall it love that they and tongue: the of power the in are life and Death
filled. be he shall lips his of increase the with and mouth; his of fruit the with satisfied be shall belly man's A
castle. a of bars the like are contentions their and city: strong a than won be to harder is offended brother A
mighty. the between parteth and cease, to contentions causeth lot The
him. searcheth and cometh neighbour his but just; seemeth cause own his in first is that He
men. great before him bringeth and him, for room maketh gift man's A
knowledge. seeketh wise the of ear the and knowledge; getteth prudent the of heart The
bear? can who spirit wounded a but infirmity; his sustain will man a of spirit The
him. unto shame and folly is it it, heareth he before matter a answereth that He
humility. is honour before and haughty, is man of heart the destruction Before
conceit. own his in wall high an as and city, strong his is wealth man's rich The
safe. is and it, into runneth righteous the tower: strong a is Lord the of name The
waster. great a is that him to brother is work his in slothful is that also He
belly. the of parts innermost the into down go they and wounds, as are talebearer a of words The
soul. his of snare the are lips his and destruction, his is mouth fool's A
strokes. for calleth mouth his and contention, into enter lips fool's A
judgment. in righteous the overthrow to wicked, the of person the accept to good not is It
brook. flowing a as wisdom of wellspring the and waters, deep as are mouth man's a of words The
reproach. ignominy with and contempt, also cometh then cometh, wicked the When
itself. discover may heart his that but understanding, in delight no hath fool A
wisdom. all with intermeddleth and seeketh himself, separated having man, a desire Through
understanding. of man a esteemed is lips his shutteth that he and wise: counted is peace, his holdeth he when fool, a Even
spirit. excellent an of is understanding of man a and words: his spareth knowledge hath that He
equity. for princes strike to nor good, not is just the punish to Also
him. bare that her to bitterness and father, his to grief a is son foolish A
earth. the of ends the in are fool a of eyes the but understanding; hath that him before is Wisdom
judgment. of ways the pervert to bosom the of out gift a taketh man wicked A
bones. the drieth spirit broken a but medicine: a like good doeth heart merry A
joy. no hath fool a of father the and sorrow: his to it doeth fool a begetteth that He
mischief. into falleth tongue perverse a hath that he and good: no findeth heart froward a hath that He
destruction. seeketh gate his exalteth that he and strife: loveth that transgression loveth He
friend. his of presence the in surety becometh and hands, striketh understanding of void man A
adversity. for born is brother a and times, all at loveth friend A
it? to heart no hath he seeing wisdom, get to fool a of hand the in price a there is Wherefore
. Lord the to abomination are both they even just, the condemneth that he and wicked, the justifieth that He
with. meddled be it before contention, off leave therefore water: out letteth one when as is strife of beginning The
house. his from depart not shall evil good, for evil rewardeth Whoso
folly. his in fool a than rather man, a meet whelps her of robbed bear a Let
him. against sent be shall messenger cruel a therefore rebellion: only seeketh man evil An
fool. a into stripes hundred an than man wise a into more entereth reproof A
friends. very separateth matter a repeateth that he but love; seeketh transgression a covereth that He
prospereth. it turneth, it whithersoever it: hath that him of eyes the in stone precious a as is gift A
prince. a lips lying do less much fool: a not becometh speech Excellent
fathers. their are children of glory the and men; old of crown the are children Children's
unpunished. be not shall calamities at glad is that he and Maker: his reproacheth poor the mocketh Whoso
tongue. naughty a to ear giveth liar a and lips; false to heed giveth doer wicked A
hearts. the trieth Lord the but gold: for furnace the and silver, for is pot fining The
brethren. the among inheritance the of part have shall and shame, causeth that son a over rule have shall servant wise A
strife. with sacrifices of full house an than therewith, quietness and morsel, dry a is Better
. Lord the of is thereof disposing whole the but lap; the into cast is lot The
city. a taketh that he than spirit his ruleth that he and mighty; the than better is anger to slow is that He
righteousness. of way the in found be it if glory, of crown a is head hoary The
pass. to evil bringeth he lips his moving things: froward devise to eyes his shutteth He
good. not is that way the into him leadeth and neighbour, his enticeth man violent A
friends. chief separateth whisperer a and strife: soweth man froward A
fire. burning a as is there lips his in and evil: up diggeth man ungodly An
him. of it craveth mouth his for himself; for laboureth laboureth that He
death. of ways the are thereof end the but man, a unto right seemeth that way a is There
bones. the to health and soul, the to sweet honeycomb, an as are words Pleasant
lips. his to learning addeth and mouth, his teacheth wise the of heart The
folly. is fools of instruction the but it: hath that him unto life of wellspring a is Understanding
learning. increaseth lips the of sweetness the and prudent: called be shall heart in wise The
he. is happy , Lord the in trusteth whoso and good: find shall wisely matter a handleth that He
proud. the with spoil the divide to than lowly, the with spirit humble an of be to is it Better
fall. a before spirit haughty an and destruction, before goeth Pride
soul. his preserveth way his keepeth that he evil: from depart to is upright the of highway The
silver! than chosen be to rather understanding get to and gold! than wisdom get to it is better much How
rain. latter the of cloud a as is favour his and life; is countenance king's the of light the In
it. pacify will man wise a but death: of messengers as is king a of wrath The
right. speaketh that him love they and kings; of delight the are lips Righteous
righteousness. by established is throne the for wickedness: commit to kings to abomination an is It
work. his are bag the of weights the all 's: Lord the are balance and weight just A
judgment. in not transgresseth mouth his king: the of lips the in is sentence divine A
steps. his directeth Lord the but way: his deviseth heart man's A
right. without revenues great than righteousness with little a is Better
him. with peace at be to enemies his even maketh he , Lord the please ways man's a When
evil. from depart men Lord the of fear the by and purged: is iniquity truth and mercy By
unpunished. be not shall he hand, in join hand though : Lord the to abomination an is heart in proud is that one Every
evil. of day the for wicked the even yea, himself: for things all made hath Lord The
established. be shall thoughts thy and , Lord the unto works thy Commit
spirits. the weigheth Lord the but eyes; own his in clean are man a of ways the All
. Lord the from is tongue, the of answer the and man, in heart the of preparations The
humility. is honour before and wisdom; of instruction the is Lord the of fear The
understanding. getteth reproof heareth that he but soul: own his despiseth instruction refuseth that He
wise. the among abideth life of reproof the heareth that ear The
fat. bones the maketh report good a and heart: the rejoiceth eyes the of light The
righteous. the of prayer the heareth he but wicked: the from far is Lord The
things. evil out poureth wicked the of mouth the but answer: to studieth righteous the of heart The
live. shall gifts hateth that he but house; own his troubleth gain of greedy is that He
words. pleasant are pure the of words the but : Lord the to abomination an are wicked the of thoughts The
widow. the of border the establish will he but proud: the of house the destroy will Lord The
beneath. hell from depart may he that wise, the to above is life of way The
it! is good how season, due in spoken word a and mouth: his of answer the by joy hath man A
established. are they counsellors of multitude the in but disappointed: are purposes counsel Without
uprightly. walketh understanding of man a but wisdom: of destitute is that him to joy is Folly
mother. his despiseth man foolish a but father: glad a maketh son wise A
plain. made is righteous the of way the but thorns: of hedge an as is man slothful the of way The
strife. appeaseth anger to slow is that he but strife: up stirreth man wrathful A
therewith. hatred and ox stalled a than is, love where herbs of dinner a is Better
therewith. trouble and treasure great than Lord the of fear the with little is Better
feast. continual a hath heart merry a of is that he but evil: are afflicted the of days the All
foolishness. on feedeth fools of mouth the but knowledge: seeketh understanding hath that him of heart The
broken. is spirit the heart the of sorrow by but countenance: cheerful a maketh heart merry A
wise. the unto go he will neither him: reproveth that one not loveth scorner A
men? of children the of hearts the then more much how : Lord the before are destruction and Hell
die. shall reproof hateth that he and way: the forsaketh that him unto grievous is Correction
righteousness. after followeth that him loveth he but : Lord the unto abomination an is wicked the of way The
delight. his is upright the of prayer the but : Lord the to abomination an is wicked the of sacrifice The
so. not doeth foolish the of heart the but knowledge: disperse wise the of lips The
trouble. is wicked the of revenues the in but treasure: much is righteous the of house the In
prudent. is reproof regardeth that he but instruction: father's his despiseth fool A
spirit. the in breach a is therein perverseness but life: of tree a is tongue wholesome A
good. the and evil the beholding place, every in are Lord the of eyes The
foolishness. out poureth fools of mouth the but aright: knowledge useth wise the of tongue The
anger. up stir words grievous but wrath: away turneth answer soft A
shame. causeth that him against is wrath his but servant: wise a toward is favour king's The
people. any to reproach a is sin but nation: a exalteth Righteousness
known. made is fools of midst the in is which that but understanding: hath that him of heart the in resteth Wisdom
death. his in hope hath righteous the but wickedness: his in away driven is wicked The
poor. the on mercy hath him honoureth that he but Maker: his reproacheth poor the oppresseth that He
bones. the of rottenness the envy but flesh: the of life the is heart sound A
folly. exalteth spirit of hasty is that he but understanding: great of is wrath to slow is that He
prince. the of destruction the is people of want the in but honour: king's the is people of multitude the In
death. of snares the from depart to life, of fountain a is Lord the of fear The
refuge. of place a have shall children his and confidence: strong is Lord the of fear the In
lies. speaketh witness deceitful a but souls: delivereth witness true A
folly. is fools of foolishness the but riches: their is wise the of crown The
penury. to only tendeth lips the of talk the but profit: is there labour all In
good. devise that them to be shall truth and mercy but evil? devise that err not they Do
he. is happy poor, the on mercy hath that he but sinneth: neighbour his despiseth that He
friends. many hath rich the but neighbour: own his of even hated is poor The
righteous. the of gates the at wicked the and good; the before bow evil The
knowledge. with crowned are prudent the but folly: inherit simple The
hated. is devices wicked of man a and foolishly: dealeth angry soon is that He
confident. is and rageth, fool the but evil: from departeth and feareth, man wise A
going. his to well looketh man prudent the but word: every believeth simple The
himself. from satisfied be shall man good a and ways: own his with filled be shall heart in backslider The
heaviness. is mirth that of end the and sorrowful; is heart the laughter in Even
death. of ways the are thereof end the but man, a unto right seemeth which way a is There
flourish. shall upright the of tabernacle the but overthrown: be shall wicked the of house The
joy. his with intermeddle not doth stranger a and bitterness; own his knoweth heart The
favour. is there righteous the among but sin: at mock a make Fools
deceit. is fools of folly the but way: his understand to is prudent the of wisdom The
knowledge. of lips the him in not perceivest thou when man, foolish a of presence the from Go
understandeth. that him unto easy is knowledge but not: it findeth and wisdom, seeketh scorner A
lies. utter will witness false a but lie: not will witness faithful A
ox. the of strength the by is increase much but clean: is crib the are, oxen no Where
them. preserve shall wise the of lips the but pride: of rod a is foolish the of mouth the In
him. despiseth ways his in perverse is that he but : Lord the feareth uprightness his in walketh that He
hands. her with down it plucketh foolish the but house: her buildeth woman wise Every
want. shall wicked the of belly the but soul: his of satisfying the to eateth righteous The
betimes. him chasteneth him loveth that he but son: his hateth rod his spareth that He
judgment. of want for destroyed is that is there but poor: the of tillage the in is food Much
just. the for up laid is sinner the of wealth the and children: children's his to inheritance an leaveth man good A
repayed. be shall good righteous the to but sinners: pursueth Evil
destroyed. be shall fools of companion a but wise: be shall men wise with walketh that He
evil. from depart to fools to abomination is it but soul: the to sweet is accomplished desire The
honoured. be shall reproof regardeth that he but instruction: refuseth that him to be shall shame and Poverty
health. is ambassador faithful a but mischief: into falleth messenger wicked A
folly. his open layeth fool a but knowledge: with dealeth man prudent Every
hard. is transgressors of way the but favour: giveth understanding Good
death. of snares the from depart to life, of fountain a is wise the of law The
rewarded. be shall commandment the feareth that he but destroyed: be shall word the despiseth Whoso
life. of tree a is it cometh, desire the when but sick: heart the maketh deferred Hope
increase. shall labour by gathereth that he but diminished: be shall vanity by gotten Wealth
wisdom. is advised well the with but contention: cometh pride by Only
out. put be shall wicked the of lamp the but rejoiceth: righteous the of light The
rebuke. not heareth poor the but riches: his are life man's a of ransom The
riches. great hath yet poor, himself maketh that is there nothing: hath yet rich, himself maketh that is There
sinner. the overthroweth wickedness but way: the in upright is that him keepeth Righteousness
shame. to cometh and loathsome, is man wicked a but lying: hateth man righteous A
fat. made be shall diligent the of soul the but nothing: hath and desireth, sluggard the of soul The
destruction. have shall lips his wide openeth that he but life: his keepeth mouth his keepeth that He
violence. eat shall transgressors the of soul the but mouth: his of fruit the by good eat shall man A
rebuke. not heareth scorner a but instruction: father's his heareth son wise A
death. no is there thereof pathway the in and life: is righteousness of way the In
precious. is man diligent a of substance the but hunting: in took he which that not roasteth man slothful The
them. seduceth wicked the of way the but neighbour: his than excellent more is righteous The
glad. it maketh word good a but stoop: it maketh man of heart the in Heaviness
tribute. under be shall slothful the but rule: bear shall diligent the of hand The
foolishness. proclaimeth fools of heart the but knowledge: concealeth man prudent A
delight. his are truly deal that they but : Lord the to abomination are lips Lying
mischief. with filled be shall wicked the but just: the to happen evil no shall There
joy. is peace of counsellors the to but evil: imagine that them of heart the in is Deceit
moment. a for but is tongue lying a but ever: for established be shall truth of lip The
health. is wise the of tongue the but sword: a of piercings the like speaketh that is There
deceit. witness false a but righteousness: forth sheweth truth speaketh that He
shame. covereth man prudent a but known: presently is wrath fool's A
wise. is counsel unto hearkeneth that he but eyes: own his in right is fool a of way The
him. unto rendered be shall hands man's a of recompence the and mouth: his of fruit the by good with satisfied be shall man A
trouble. of out come shall just the but lips: his of transgression the by snared is wicked The
fruit. yieldeth righteous the of root the but men: evil of net the desireth wicked The
understanding. of void is persons vain followeth that he but bread: with satisfied be shall land his tilleth that He
cruel. are wicked the of mercies tender the but beast: his of life the regardeth man righteous A
bread. lacketh and himself, honoureth that he than better is servant, a hath and despised, is that He
despised. be shall heart perverse a of is that he but wisdom: his to according commended be shall man A
stand. shall righteous the of house the but not: are and overthrown, are wicked The
them. deliver shall upright the of mouth the but blood: for wait in lie to are wicked the of words The
deceit. are wicked the of counsels the but right: are righteous the of thoughts The
bones. his in rottenness as is ashamed maketh that she but husband: her to crown a is woman virtuous A
moved. be not shall righteous the of root the but wickedness: by established be not shall man A
condemn. he will devices wicked of man a but : Lord the of favour obtaineth man good A
brutish. is reproof hateth that he but knowledge: loveth instruction loveth Whoso
sinner. the and wicked the more much earth: the in recompensed be shall righteous the Behold,
wise. is souls winneth that he and life; of tree a is righteous the of fruit The
heart. of wise the to servant be shall fool the and wind: the inherit shall house own his troubleth that He
branch. a as flourish shall righteous the but fall; shall riches his in trusteth that He
him. unto come shall it mischief, seeketh that he but favour: procureth good seeketh diligently that He
it. selleth that him of head the upon be shall blessing but him: curse shall people the corn, withholdeth that He
himself. also watered be shall watereth that he and fat: made be shall soul liberal The
poverty. to tendeth it but meet, is than more withholdeth that is there and increaseth; yet and scattereth, that is There
wrath. is wicked the of expectation the but good: only is righteous the of desire The
discretion. without is which woman fair a is so snout, swine's a in gold of jewel a As
delivered. be shall righteous the of seed the but unpunished: be not shall wicked the hand, in join hand Though
delight. his are way their in upright are as such but : Lord the to abomination are heart froward a of are that They
death. own his to it pursueth evil pursueth that he so life: to tendeth righteousness As
reward. sure a be shall righteousness soweth that him to but work: deceitful a worketh wicked The
flesh. own his troubleth cruel is that he but soul: own his to good doeth man merciful The
riches. retain men strong and honour: retaineth woman gracious A
sure. is suretiship hateth that he and it: for smart shall stranger a for surety is that He
safety. is there counsellors of multitude the in but fall: people the is, counsel no Where
matter. the concealeth spirit faithful a of is that he but secrets: revealeth talebearer A
peace. his holdeth understanding of man a but neighbour: his despiseth wisdom of void is that He
wicked. the of mouth the by overthrown is it but exalted: is city the upright the of blessing the By
shouting. is there perish, wicked the when and rejoiceth: city the righteous, the with well goeth it When
delivered. be just the shall knowledge through but neighbour: his destroyeth mouth his with hypocrite An
stead. his in cometh wicked the and trouble, of out delivered is righteous The
perisheth. men unjust of hope the and perish: shall expectation his dieth, man wicked a When
naughtiness. own their in taken be shall transgressors but them: deliver shall upright the of righteousness The
wickedness. own his by fall shall wicked the but way: his direct shall perfect the of righteousness The
death. from delivereth righteousness but wrath: of day the in not profit Riches
them. destroy shall transgressors of perverseness the but them: guide shall upright the of integrity The
wisdom. is lowly the with but shame: cometh then cometh, pride When
delight. his is weight just a but : Lord the to abomination is balance false A
frowardness. speaketh wicked the of mouth the but acceptable: is what know righteous the of lips The
out. cut be shall tongue froward the but wisdom: forth bringeth just the of mouth The
earth. the inhabit not shall wicked the but removed: be never shall righteous The
iniquity. of workers the to be shall destruction but upright: the to strength is Lord the of way The
perish. shall wicked the of expectation the but gladness: be shall righteous the of hope The
shortened. be shall wicked the of years the but days: prolongeth Lord the of fear The
him. send that them to sluggard the is so eyes, the to smoke as and teeth, the to vinegar As
foundation. everlasting an is righteous the but more: no wicked the is so passeth, whirlwind the As
granted. be shall righteous the of desire the but him: upon come shall it wicked, the of fear The
wisdom. hath understanding of man a but mischief: do to fool a to sport as is It
it. with sorrow no addeth he and rich, maketh it , Lord the of blessing The
wisdom. of want for die fools but many: feed righteous the of lips The
worth. little is wicked the of heart the silver: choice as is just the of tongue The
wise. is lips his refraineth that he but sin: not wanteth there words of multitude the In
fool. a is slander, a uttereth that he and lips, lying with hatred hideth that He
erreth. reproof refuseth that he but instruction: keepeth that life of way the in is He
sin. to wicked the of fruit the life: to tendeth righteous the of labour The
poverty. their is poor the of destruction the city: strong his is wealth man's rich The
destruction. near is foolish the of mouth the but knowledge: up lay men Wise
understanding. of void is that him of back the for is rod a but found: is wisdom understanding hath that him of lips the In
sins. all covereth love but strifes: up stirreth Hatred
wicked. the of mouth the covereth violence but life: of well a is man righteous a of mouth The
fall. shall fool prating a but sorrow: causeth eye the with winketh that He
known. be shall ways his perverteth that he but surely: walketh uprightly walketh that He
fall. shall fool prating a but commandments: receive will heart in wise The
rot. shall wicked the of name the but blessed: is just the of memory The
wicked. the of mouth the covereth violence but just: the of head the upon are Blessings
shame. causeth that son a is harvest in sleepeth that he but son: wise a is summer in gathereth that He
rich. maketh diligent the of hand the but hand: slack a with dealeth that poor becometh He
wicked. the of substance the away casteth he but famish: to righteous the of soul the suffer not will Lord The
death. from delivereth righteousness but nothing: profit wickedness of Treasures
mother. his of heaviness the is son foolish a but father: glad a maketh son wise A Solomon. of proverbs The
hell. of depths the in are guests her that and there; are dead the that not knoweth he But
pleasant. is secret in eaten bread and sweet, are waters Stolen
him, to saith she understanding, wanteth that him for as and hither: in turn him let simple, is Whoso
ways: their on right go who passengers call To
city, the of places high the in seat a on house, her of door the at sitteth she For
nothing. knoweth and simple, is she clamorous: is woman foolish A
it. bear shalt alone thou scornest, thou if but thyself: for wise be shalt thou wise, be thou If
increased. be shall life thy of years the and multiplied, be shall days thy me by For
understanding. is holy the of knowledge the and wisdom: of beginning the is Lord the of fear The
learning. in increase will he and man, just a teach wiser: yet be will he and man, wise a to instruction Give
thee. love will he and man, wise a rebuke thee: hate he lest scorner, a not Reprove
blot. a himself getteth man wicked a rebuketh that he and shame: himself to getteth scorner a reproveth that He
understanding. of way the in go and live; and foolish, the Forsake
mingled. have I which wine the of drink and bread, my of eat Come,
him, to saith she understanding, wanteth that him for as hither: in turn him let simple, is Whoso
city, the of places highest the upon crieth she maidens: her forth sent hath She
table. her furnished also hath she wine; her mingled hath she beasts; her killed hath She
pillars: seven her out hewn hath she house, her builded hath Wisdom
death. love me hate that they all soul: own his wrongeth me against sinneth that he But
. Lord the of favour obtain shall and life, findeth me findeth whoso For
doors. my of posts the at waiting gates, my at daily watching me, heareth that man the is Blessed
not. it refuse and wise, be and instruction, Hear
ways. my keep that they are blessed for children: ye O me, unto hearken therefore Now
men. of sons the with were delights my and earth; his of part habitable the in Rejoicing
him; before always rejoicing delight, his daily was I and him: with up brought one as him, by was I Then
earth: the of foundations the appointed he when commandment: his pass not should waters the that decree, his sea the to gave he When
deep: the of fountains the strengthened he when above: clouds the established he When
depth: the of face the upon compass a set he when there: was I heavens, the prepared he When
world. the of dust the of part highest the nor fields, the nor earth, the made not had he yet as While
forth: brought I was hills the before settled, were mountains the Before
water. with abounding fountains no were there when forth; brought was I depths, no were there When
was. earth the ever or beginning, the from everlasting, from up set was I
old. of works his before way, his of beginning the in me possessed Lord The
treasures. their fill will I and substance; inherit to me love that those cause may I That
judgment: of paths the of midst the in righteousness, of way the in lead I
silver. choice than revenue my and gold; fine than yea, gold, than better is fruit My
righteousness. and riches durable yea, me; with are honour and Riches
me. find shall early me seek that those and me; love that them love I
earth. the of judges the all even nobles, and rule, princes me By
justice. decree princes and reign, kings me By
strength. have I understanding; am I wisdom: sound and mine, is Counsel
hate. I do mouth, froward the and way, evil the and arrogancy, and pride, evil: hate to is Lord the of fear The
inventions. witty of knowledge out find and prudence, with dwell wisdom I
it. to compared be to not are desired be may that things the all and rubies; than better is wisdom For
gold. choice than rather knowledge and silver; not and instruction, my Receive
knowledge. find that them to right and understandeth, that him to plain all are They
them. in perverse or froward nothing is there righteousness; in are mouth my of words the All
lips. my to abomination an is wickedness and truth; speak shall mouth my For
things. right be shall lips my of opening the and things; excellent of speak will I for Hear;
heart. understanding an of ye be fools, ye and, wisdom: understand simple, ye O
man. of sons the to is voice my and call; I men, O you, Unto
doors. the at in coming the at city, the of entry the at gates, the at crieth She
paths. the of places the in way the by places, high of top the in standeth She
voice? her forth put understanding and cry? wisdom not Doth
death. of chambers the to down going hell, to way the is house Her
her. by slain been have men strong many yea, wounded: many down cast hath she For
paths. her in astray not go ways, her to decline heart thine not Let
mouth. my of words the to attend and children, ye O therefore, now me unto Hearken
life. his for is it that not knoweth and snare, the to hasteth bird a as liver; his through strike dart a Till
stocks; the of correction the to fool a as or slaughter, the to goeth ox an as straightway, her after goeth He
him. forced she lips her of flattering the with yield, to him caused she speech fair much her With
appointed. day the at home come will and him, with money of bag a taken hath He
journey: long a gone is he home, at not is goodman the For
loves. with ourselves solace us let morning: the until love of fill our take us let Come,
cinnamon. and aloes, myrrh, with bed my perfumed have I
Egypt. of linen fine with works, carved with tapestry, of coverings with bed my decked have I
thee. found have I and face, thy seek to diligently thee, meet to forth I came Therefore
vows. my payed I have day this me; with offerings peace have I
him, unto said face impudent an with and him, kissed and him, caught she So
corner.) every at wait in lieth and streets, the in now without, she is Now
house: her in not abide feet her stubborn; and loud is (She
heart. of subtil and harlot, an of attire the with woman a him met there behold, And,
night: dark and black the in evening, the in twilight, the In
house, her to way the went he and corner; her near street the through Passing
understanding, of void man young a youths, the among discerned I ones, simple the among beheld And
casement, my through looked I house my of window the at For
words. her with flattereth which stranger the from woman, strange the from thee keep may they That
kinswoman: thy understanding call and sister; my art Thou wisdom, unto Say
heart. thine of table the upon them write fingers, thy upon them Bind
eye. thine of apple the as law my and live; and commandments, my Keep
thee. with commandments my up lay and words, my keep son, My
gifts. many givest thou though content, rest he will neither ransom; any regard not will He
vengeance. of day the in spare not will he therefore man: a of rage the is jealousy For
away. wiped be not shall reproach his and get; he shall dishonour and wound A
soul. own his destroyeth it doeth that he understanding: lacketh woman a with adultery committeth whoso But
house. his of substance the all give shall he sevenfold; restore shall he found, be he if But
hungry; is he when soul his satisfy to steal he if thief, a despise not do Men
innocent. be not shall her toucheth whosoever wife; neighbour's his to in goeth that he So
burned? be not feet his and coals, hot upon go one Can
burned? be not clothes his and bosom, his in fire take man a Can
life. precious the for hunt will adultress the and bread: of piece a to brought is man a woman whorish a of means by For
eyelids. her with thee take her let neither heart; thine in beauty her after not Lust
woman. strange a of tongue the of flattery the from woman, evil the from thee keep To
life: of way the are instruction of reproofs and light; is law the and lamp; a is commandment the For
thee. with talk shall it awakest, thou when and thee; keep shall it sleepest, thou when thee; lead shall it goest, thou When
neck. thy about them tie and heart, thine upon continually them Bind
mother: thy of law the not forsake and commandment, father's thy keep son, My
brethren. among discord soweth that he and lies, speaketh that witness false A
mischief, to running in swift be that feet imaginations, wicked deviseth that heart An
blood, innocent shed that hands and tongue, lying a look, proud A
him: unto abomination an are seven yea, hate: Lord the doth things six These
remedy. without broken be he shall suddenly suddenly; come calamity his shall Therefore
discord. soweth he continually; mischief deviseth he heart, his in is Frowardness
fingers; his with teacheth he feet, his with speaketh he eyes, his with winketh He
mouth. froward a with walketh man, wicked a person, naughty A
man. armed an as want thy and travelleth, that one as come poverty thy shall So
sleep: to hands the of folding little a slumber, little a sleep, little a Yet
sleep? thy of out arise thou wilt when sluggard? O sleep, thou wilt long How
harvest. the in food her gathereth and summer, the in meat her Provideth
ruler, or overseer, guide, no having Which
wise: be and ways, her consider sluggard; thou ant, the to Go
fowler. the of hand the from bird a as and hunter, the of hand the from roe a as thyself Deliver
eyelids. thine to slumber nor eyes, thine to sleep not Give
friend. thy sure make and thyself, humble go, friend; thy of hand the into come art thou when thyself, deliver and son, my now, this Do
mouth. thy of words the with taken art thou mouth, thy of words the with snared art Thou
stranger, a with hand thy stricken hast thou if friend, thy for surety be thou if son, My
astray. go shall he folly his of greatness the in and instruction; without die shall He
sins. his of cords the with holden be shall he and himself, wicked the take shall iniquities own His
goings. his all pondereth he and , Lord the of eyes the before are man of ways the For
stranger? a of bosom the embrace and woman, strange a with ravished be son, my thou, wilt why And
love. her with always ravished thou be and times; all at thee satisfy breasts her let roe; pleasant and hind loving the as be her Let
youth. thy of wife the with rejoice and blessed: be fountain thy Let
thee. with strangers' not and own, thine only be them Let
streets. the in waters of rivers and abroad, dispersed be fountains thy Let
well. own thine of out waters running and cistern, own thine of out waters Drink
assembly. and congregation the of midst the in evil all in almost was I
me! instructed that them to ear mine inclined nor teachers, my of voice the obeyed not have And
reproof; despised heart my and instruction, hated I have How say, And
consumed, are body thy and flesh thy when last, the at mourn thou And
stranger; a of house the in be labours thy and wealth; thy with filled be strangers Lest
cruel: the unto years thy and others, unto honour thine give thou Lest
house: her of door the nigh not come and her, from far way thy Remove
mouth. my of words the from not depart and children, ye O therefore, now me Hear
them. know not canst thou that moveable, are ways her life, of path the ponder shouldest thou Lest
hell. on hold take steps her death; to down go feet Her
sword. two-edged a as sharp wormwood, as bitter is end her But
oil: than smoother is mouth her and honeycomb, an as drop woman strange a of lips the For
knowledge. keep may lips thy that and discretion, regard mayest thou That
understanding: my to ear thine bow and wisdom, my unto attend son, My
evil. from foot thy remove left: the to nor hand right the to not Turn
established. be ways thy all let and feet, thy of path the Ponder
thee. before straight look eyelids thine let and on, right look eyes thine Let
thee. from far put lips perverse and mouth, froward a thee from away Put
life. of issues the are it of out for diligence; all with heart thy Keep
flesh. their all to health and them, find that those unto life are they For
heart. thine of midst the in them keep eyes; thine from depart not them Let
sayings. my unto ear thine incline words; my to attend son, My
stumble. they what at not know they darkness: as is wicked the of way The
day. perfect the unto more and more shineth that light, shining the as is just the of path the But
violence. of wine the drink and wickedness, of bread the eat they For
fall. to some cause they unless away, taken is sleep their and mischief; done have they except not, sleep they For
away. pass and it, from turn it, by not pass it, Avoid
men. evil of way the in not go and wicked, the of path the into not Enter
life. thy is she for her; keep go: not her let instruction; of hold fast Take
stumble. not shalt thou runnest, thou when and straitened; be not shall steps thy goest, thou When
paths. right in thee led have I wisdom; of way the in thee taught have I
many. be shall life thy of years the and sayings; my receive and son, my O Hear,
thee. to deliver she shall glory of crown a grace: of ornament an head thine to give shall She
her. embrace dost thou when honour, to thee bring shall she thee: promote shall she and her, Exalt
understanding. get getting thy all with and wisdom: get therefore thing; principal the is Wisdom
thee. keep shall she and her, love thee: preserve shall she and not, her Forsake
mouth. my of words the from decline neither not; it forget understanding: get wisdom, Get
live. and commandments, my keep words: my retain heart thine Let me, unto said and also, me taught He
mother. my of sight the in beloved only and tender son, father's my was I For
law. my not ye forsake doctrine, good you give I For
understanding. know to attend and father, a of instruction the children, ye Hear,
fools. of promotion the be shall shame but glory: inherit shall wise The
lowly. the unto grace giveth he but scorners: the scorneth he Surely
just. the of habitation the blesseth he but wicked: the of house the in is Lord the of curse The
righteous. the with is secret his but : Lord the to abomination is froward the For
ways. his of none choose and oppressor, the not thou Envy
harm. no thee done have he if cause, without man a with not Strive
thee. by securely dwelleth he seeing neighbour, thy against evil not Devise
thee. by it hast thou when give; will I morrow to and again, come and Go, neighbour, thy unto not Say
it. do to hand thine of power the in is it when due, is it whom to them from good not Withhold
taken. being from foot thy keep shall and confidence, thy be shall Lord the For
cometh. it when wicked, the of desolation the of neither fear, sudden of afraid not Be
sweet. be shall sleep thy and down, lie shalt thou yea, afraid: be not shalt thou down, liest thou When
stumble. not shall foot thy and safely, way thy in walk thou shalt Then
neck. thy to grace and soul, thy unto life be they shall So
discretion: and wisdom sound keep eyes: thine from depart them not let son, My
dew. the down drop clouds the and up, broken are depths the knowledge his By
heavens. the established he hath understanding by earth; the founded hath wisdom by Lord The
her. retaineth that one every is happy and her: upon hold lay that them to life of tree a is She
peace. are paths her all and pleasantness, of ways are ways Her
honour. and riches hand left her in and hand; right her in is days of Length
her. unto compared be to not are desire canst thou things the all and rubies: than precious more is She
gold. fine than thereof gain the and silver, of merchandise the than better is it of merchandise the For
understanding. getteth that man the and wisdom, findeth that man the is Happy
delighteth. he whom in son the father a as even correcteth; he loveth Lord the whom For
correction: his of weary be neither ; Lord the of chastening the not despise son, My
wine. new with out burst shall presses thy and plenty, with filled be barns thy shall So
increase: thine all of firstfruits the with and substance, thy with Lord the Honour
bones. thy to marrow and navel, thy to health be shall It
evil. from depart and , Lord the fear eyes: own thine in wise not Be
paths. thy direct shall he and him, acknowledge ways thy all In
understanding. own thine unto not lean and heart; thine all with Lord the in Trust
man. and God of sight the in understanding good and favour find thou shalt So
heart: thine of table the upon them write neck; thy about them bind thee: forsake truth and mercy not Let
thee. to add they shall peace, and life, long and days, of length For
commandments: my keep heart thine let but law; my not forget son, My
it. of out rooted be shall transgressors the and earth, the from off cut be shall wicked the But
it. in remain shall perfect the and land, the in dwell shall upright the For
righteous. the of paths the keep and men, good of way the in walk mayest thou That
life. of paths the of hold they take neither again, return her unto go that None
dead. the unto paths her and death, unto inclineth house her For
God. her of covenant the forgetteth and youth, her of guide the forsaketh Which
words; her with flattereth which stranger the from even woman, strange the from thee deliver To
paths: their in froward they and crooked, are ways Whose
wicked; the of frowardness the in delight and evil, do to rejoice Who
darkness; of ways the in walk to uprightness, of paths the leave Who
things; froward speaketh that man the from man, evil the of way the from thee deliver To
thee: keep shall understanding thee, preserve shall Discretion
soul; thy unto pleasant is knowledge and heart, thine into entereth wisdom When
path. good every yea, equity; and judgment, and righteousness, understand thou shalt Then
saints. his of way the preserveth and judgment, of paths the keepeth He
uprightly. walk that them to buckler a is he righteous: the for wisdom sound up layeth He
understanding. and knowledge cometh mouth his of out wisdom: giveth Lord the For
God. of knowledge the find and , Lord the of fear the understand thou shalt Then
treasures; hid for as her for searchest and silver, as her seekest thou If
understanding; for voice thy up liftest and knowledge, after criest thou if Yea,
understanding; to heart thine apply and wisdom, unto ear thine incline thou that So
thee; with commandments my hide and words, my receive wilt thou if son, My
evil. of fear from quiet be shall and safely, dwell shall me unto hearkeneth whoso But
them. destroy shall fools of prosperity the and them, slay shall simple the of away turning the For
devices. own their with filled be and way, own their of fruit the of eat they shall Therefore
reproof. my all despised they counsel: my of none would They
: Lord the of fear the choose not did and knowledge, hated they that For
me: find not shall they but early, me seek shall they answer; not will I but me, upon call they shall Then
you. upon cometh anguish and distress when whirlwind; a as cometh destruction your and desolation, as cometh fear your When
cometh; fear your when mock will I calamity; your at laugh will also I
reproof: my of none would and counsel, my all nought at set have ye But
regarded; man no and hand, my out stretched have I refused; ye and called, have I Because
you. unto words my known make will I you, unto spirit my out pour will I behold, reproof: my at you Turn
knowledge? hate fools and scorning, their in delight scorners the and simplicity? love ye will ones, simple ye long, How
saying, words, her uttereth she city the in gates: the of openings the in concourse, of place chief the in crieth She
streets: the in voice her uttereth she without; crieth Wisdom
thereof. owners the of life the away taketh which gain; of greedy is that one every of ways the are So
lives. own their for privily lurk they blood; own their for wait lay they And
bird. any of sight the in spread is net the vain in Surely
blood. shed to haste make and evil, to run feet their For
path: their from foot thy refrain them; with way the in thou not walk son, My
purse: one have all us let us; among lot thy in Cast
spoil: with houses our fill shall we substance, precious all find shall We
pit: the into down go that those as whole, and grave; the as alive up them swallow us Let
cause: without innocent the for privily lurk us let blood, for wait lay us let us, with Come say, they If
not. thou consent thee, entice sinners if son, My
neck. thy about chains and head, thy unto grace of ornament an be shall they For
mother: thy of law the not forsake and father, thy of instruction the hear son, My
instruction. and wisdom despise fools but knowledge: of beginning the is Lord the of fear The
sayings. dark their and wise, the of words the interpretation; the and proverb, a understand To
counsels: wise unto attain shall understanding of man a and learning; increase will and hear, will man wise A
discretion. and knowledge man young the to simple, the to subtilty give To
equity; and judgment, and justice, wisdom, of instruction the receive To
understanding; of words the perceive to instruction; and wisdom know To
Israel; of king David, of son the Solomon of proverbs The
Proverbs
. Lord the ye Praise . Lord the praise breath hath that thing every Let
cymbals. sounding high the upon him praise cymbals: loud the upon him Praise
organs. and instruments stringed with him praise dance: and timbrel the with him Praise
harp. and psaltery the with him praise trumpet: the of sound the with him Praise
greatness. excellent his to according him praise acts: mighty his for him Praise
power. his of firmament the in him praise sanctuary: his in God Praise . Lord the ye Praise
. Lord the ye Praise saints. his all have honour this written: judgment the them upon execute To
iron; of fetters with nobles their and chains, with kings their bind To
people; the upon punishments and heathen, the upon vengeance execute To
hand; their in sword two-edged a and mouth, their in be God of praises high the Let
beds. their upon aloud sing them let glory: in joyful be saints the Let
salvation. with meek the beautify will he people: his in pleasure taketh Lord the For
harp. and timbrel the with him unto praises sing them let dance: the in name his praise them Let
King. their in joyful be Zion of children the let him: made that him in rejoice Israel Let
saints. of congregation the in praise his and song, new a Lord the unto Sing . Lord the ye Praise
. Lord the ye Praise him. unto near people a Israel, of children the of even saints; his all of praise the people, his of horn the exalteth also He
heaven. and earth the above is glory his excellent; is alone name his for : Lord the of name the praise them Let
children: and men, old maidens; and men, young Both
earth: the of judges all and princes, people; all and earth, the of Kings
fowl: flying and things, creeping cattle; all and Beasts,
cedars: all and trees, fruitful hills; all and Mountains,
word: his fulfilling wind stormy vapours; and snow, hail; and Fire,
deeps: all and dragons, ye earth, the from Lord the Praise
pass. not shall which decree a made hath he ever: and ever for them stablished also hath He
created. were they and commanded, he for : Lord the of name the praise them Let
heavens. the above be that waters ye and heavens, of heavens ye him, Praise
light. of stars ye all him, praise moon: and sun him, ye Praise
hosts. his all him, ye praise angels: his all him, ye Praise
heights. the in him praise heavens: the from Lord the ye Praise . Lord the ye Praise
. Lord the ye Praise them. known not have they judgments, his for as and nation: any with so dealt not hath He
Israel. unto judgments his and statutes his Jacob, unto word his sheweth He
flow. waters the and blow, to wind his causeth he them: melteth and word, his out sendeth He
cold? his before stand can who morsels: like ice his forth casteth He
ashes. like hoarfrost the scattereth he wool: like snow giveth He
swiftly. very runneth word his earth: upon commandment his forth sendeth He
wheat. the of finest the with thee filleth and borders, thy in peace maketh He
thee. within children thy blessed hath he gates; thy of bars the strengthened hath he For
Zion. O God, thy praise Jerusalem; O , Lord the Praise
mercy. his in hope that those in him, fear that them in pleasure taketh Lord The
man. a of legs the in pleasure not taketh he horse: the of strength the in not delighteth He
cry. which ravens young the to and food, his beast the to giveth He
mountains. the upon grow to grass maketh who earth, the for rain prepareth who clouds, with heaven the covereth Who
God: our unto harp the upon praise sing thanksgiving; with Lord the unto Sing
ground. the to down wicked the casteth he meek: the up lifteth Lord The
infinite. is understanding his power: great of and Lord, our is Great
names. their by all them calleth he stars; the of number the telleth He
wounds. their up bindeth and heart, in broken the healeth He
Israel. of outcasts the together gathereth he Jerusalem: up build doth Lord The
comely. is praise and pleasant; is it for God; our unto praises sing to good is it for : Lord the ye Praise
. Lord the ye Praise generations. all unto Zion, O God, thy even ever, for reign shall Lord The
down. upside turneth he wicked the of way the but widow: and fatherless the relieveth he strangers; the preserveth Lord The
righteous: the loveth Lord the down: bowed are that them raiseth Lord the blind: the of eyes the openeth Lord The
prisoners: the looseth Lord The hungry. the to food giveth which oppressed: the for judgment executeth Which
ever: for truth keepeth which is: therein that all and sea, the earth, and heaven, made Which
God: his Lord the in is hope whose help, his for Jacob of God the hath that he is Happy
perish. thoughts his day very that in earth; his to returneth he forth, goeth breath His
help. no is there whom in man, of son the in nor princes, in trust your not Put
being. any have I while God my unto praises sing will I : Lord the praise I will live I While
soul. my O , Lord the Praise . Lord the ye Praise
ever. and ever for name holy his bless flesh all let and : Lord the of praise the speak shall mouth My
destroy. he will wicked the all but him: love that them all preserveth Lord The
them. save will and cry, their hear will also he him: fear that them of desire the fulfil will He
truth. in him upon call that all to him, upon call that them all unto nigh is Lord The
works. his all in holy and ways, his all in righteous is Lord The
thing. living every of desire the satisfiest and hand, thine openest Thou
season. due in meat their them givest thou and thee; upon wait all of eyes The
down. bowed be that those all up raiseth and fall, that all upholdeth Lord The
generations. all throughout endureth dominion thy and kingdom, everlasting an is kingdom Thy
kingdom. his of majesty glorious the and acts, mighty his men of sons the to known make To
power; thy of talk and kingdom, thy of glory the of speak shall They
thee. bless shall saints thy and ; Lord O thee, praise shall works thy All
works. his all over are mercies tender his and all: to good is Lord The
mercy. great of and anger, to slow compassion; of full and gracious, is Lord The
righteousness. thy of sing shall and goodness, great thy of memory the utter abundantly shall They
greatness. thy declare will I and acts: terrible thy of might the of speak shall men And
works. wondrous thy of and majesty, thy of honour glorious the of speak will I
acts. mighty thy declare shall and another, to works thy praise shall generation One
unsearchable. is greatness his and praised; be to greatly and , Lord the is Great
ever. and ever for name thy praise will I and thee; bless I will day Every
ever. and ever for name thy bless will I and king; O God, my thee, extol will I
. Lord the is God whose people, that is happy yea, case: a such in is that people, that is Happy
streets. our in complaining no be there that out; going nor in, breaking no be there that labour; to strong be may oxen our That
streets: our in thousands ten and thousands forth bring may sheep our that store: of manner all affording full, be may garners our That
palace: a of similitude the after polished stones, corner as be may daughters our that youth; their in up grown plants as be may sons our That
falsehood: of hand right a is hand right their and vanity, speaketh mouth whose children, strange of hand the from me deliver and me, Rid
sword. hurtful the from servant his David delivereth who kings: unto salvation giveth that he is It
thee. unto praises sing I will strings ten of instrument an and psaltery a upon God: O thee, unto song new a sing will I
falsehood. of hand right a is hand right their and vanity, speaketh mouth Whose
children; strange of hand the from waters, great of out me deliver and me, rid above; from hand thine Send
them. destroy and arrows, thine out shoot them: scatter and lightning, forth Cast
smoke. shall they and mountains, the touch down: come and , Lord O heavens, thy Bow
away. passeth that shadow a as are days his vanity: to like is Man
him! of account makest thou that man, of son the or him! of knowledge takest thou that man, is what , Lord
me. under people my subdueth who trust; I whom in he and shield, my deliverer; my and tower, high my fortress; my and goodness, My
fight: to fingers my and war, to hands my teacheth which strength my Lord the be Blessed
servant. thy am I for soul: my afflict that them all destroy and enemies, mine off cut mercy thy of And
trouble. of out soul my bring sake righteousness' thy for sake: name's thy for , Lord O me, Quicken
uprightness. of land the into me lead good; is spirit thy God: my art thou for will; thy do to me Teach
me. hide to thee unto flee I enemies: mine from , Lord O me, Deliver
thee. unto soul my up lift I for walk; should I wherein way the know to me cause trust: I do thee in for morning; the in lovingkindness thy hear to me Cause
pit. the into down go that them unto like be I lest me, from face thy not hide faileth: spirit my : Lord O speedily, me Hear
Selah. land. thirsty a as thee, after thirsteth soul my thee: unto hands my forth stretch I
hands. thy of work the on muse I works; thy all on meditate I old; of days the remember I
desolate. is me within heart my me; within overwhelmed spirit my is Therefore
dead. long been have that those as darkness, in dwell to me made hath he ground; the to down life my smitten hath he soul; my persecuted hath enemy the For
justified. be living man no shall sight thy in for servant: thy with judgment into not enter And
righteousness. thy in and me, answer faithfulness thy in supplications: my to ear give , Lord O prayer, my Hear
me. with bountifully deal shalt thou for about; me compass shall righteous the name: thy praise may I that prison, of out soul my Bring
I. than stronger are they for persecutors; my from me deliver low: very brought am I for cry; my unto Attend
living. the of land the in portion my and refuge my art Thou said, I : Lord O thee, unto cried I
soul. my for cared man no me; failed refuge me: know would that man no was there but beheld, and hand, right my on looked I
me. for snare a laid privily they have walked I wherein way the In path. my knewest thou then me, within overwhelmed was spirit my When
trouble. my him before shewed I him; before complaint my out poured I
supplication. my make I did Lord the unto voice my with voice; my with Lord the unto cried I
escape. withal I that whilst nets, own their into fall wicked the Let
iniquity. of workers the of gins the and me, for laid have they which snares the from me Keep
destitute. soul my not leave trust; my is thee in Lord: the God O thee, unto are eyes mine But
earth. the upon wood cleaveth and cutteth one when as mouth, grave's the at scattered are bones Our
sweet. are they for words; my hear shall they places, stony in overthrown are judges their When
calamities. their in be shall also prayer my yet for head: my break not shall which oil, excellent an be shall it me; reprove him let and kindness: a be shall it me; smite righteous the Let
dainties. their of eat not me let and iniquity: work that men with works wicked practise to thing, evil any to heart my not Incline
lips. my of door the keep mouth; my before , Lord O watch, a Set
sacrifice. evening the as hands my of up lifting the and incense; as thee before forth set be prayer my Let
thee. unto cry I when voice, my unto ear give me; unto haste make thee: unto cry I Lord,
presence. thy in dwell shall upright the name: thy unto thanks give shall righteous the Surely
poor. the of right the and afflicted, the of cause the maintain will Lord the that know I
him. overthrow to man violent the hunt shall evil earth: the in established be speaker evil an not Let
again. up not rise they that pits, deep into fire; the into cast be them let them: upon fall coals burning Let
them. cover lips own their of mischief the let about, me compass that those of head the for As
Selah. themselves. exalt they lest device; wicked his not further wicked: the of desires the , Lord O not, Grant
battle. of day the in head my covered hast thou salvation, my of strength the Lord, the God O
. Lord O supplications, my of voice the hear God: my art Thou , Lord the unto said I
Selah. me. for gins set have they wayside; the by net a spread have they cords; and me, for snare a hid have proud The
goings. my overthrow to purposed have who man; violent the from me preserve wicked; the of hands the from , Lord O me, Keep
Selah. lips. their under is poison adders' serpent; a like tongues their sharpened have They
war. for together gathered they are continually heart; their in mischiefs imagine Which
man; violent the from me preserve man: evil the from , Lord O me, Deliver
everlasting. way the in me lead and me, in way wicked any be there if see And
thoughts: my know and me, try heart: my know and God, O me, Search
enemies. mine them count I hatred: perfect with them hate I
thee? against up rise that those with grieved I not am and thee? hate that , Lord O them, hate I not Do
vain. in name thy take enemies thine and wickedly, thee against speak they For
men. bloody ye therefore, me from depart God: O wicked, the slay wilt thou Surely
thee. with still am I awake, I when sand: the than number in more are they them, count should I If
them! of sum the is great how God! O me, unto thoughts thy are also precious How
them. of none was there yet as when fashioned, were continuance in which written, were members my all book thy in and unperfect; being yet substance, my see did eyes Thine
earth. the of parts lowest the in wrought curiously and secret, in made was I when thee, from hid not was substance My
well. right knoweth soul my that and works; thy are marvellous made: wonderfully and fearfully am I for thee; praise will I
womb. mother's my in me covered hast thou reins: my possessed hast thou For
thee. to alike both are light the and darkness the day: the as shineth night the but thee; from not hideth darkness the Yea,
me. about light be shall night the even me; cover shall darkness the Surely say, I If
me. hold shall hand right thy and me, lead hand thy shall there Even
sea; the of parts uttermost the in dwell and morning, the of wings the take I If
there. art thou behold, hell, in bed my make I if there: art thou heaven, into up ascend I If
presence? thy from flee I shall whither or spirit? thy from go I shall Whither
it. unto attain cannot I high, is it me; for wonderful too is knowledge Such
me. upon hand thine laid and before, and behind me beset hast Thou
altogether. it knowest thou , Lord O lo, but, tongue, my in word a not is there For
ways. my all with acquainted art and down, lying my and path my compassest Thou
off. afar thought my understandest thou uprising, mine and downsitting my knowest Thou
me. known and me, searched hast thou lord, O
hands. own thine of works the not forsake ever: for endureth , Lord O mercy, thy me: concerneth which that perfect will Lord The
me. save shall hand right thy and enemies, mine of wrath the against hand thine forth stretch shalt thou me: revive wilt thou trouble, of midst the in walk I Though
off. afar knoweth he proud the but lowly: the unto respect he hath yet high, be Lord the Though
. Lord the of glory the is great for : Lord the of ways the in sing shall they Yea,
mouth. thy of words the hear they when , Lord O thee, praise shall earth the of kings the All
soul. my in strength with me strengthenedst and me, answeredst thou cried I when day the In
name. thy all above word thy magnified hast thou for truth: thy for and lovingkindness thy for name thy praise and temple, holy thy toward worship will I
thee. unto praise sing I will gods the before heart: whole my with thee praise will I
stones. the against ones little thy dasheth and taketh that be, he shall Happy
us. served hast thou as thee rewardeth that be, he shall happy destroyed; be to art who Babylon, of daughter O
thereof. foundation the to even it, rase it, Rase said, who Jerusalem; of day the in Edom of children the , Lord O Remember,
joy. chief my above Jerusalem not prefer I if mouth; my of roof the to cleave tongue my let thee, remember not do I If
cunning. her forget hand right my let Jerusalem, O thee, forget I If
land? strange a in song 's Lord the sing we shall How
Zion. of songs the of one us Sing saying, mirth, us of required us wasted that they and song; a us of required captive away us carried that they there For
thereof. midst the in willows the upon harps our hanged We
Zion. remembered we when wept, we yea, down, sat we there Babylon, of rivers the By
ever. for endureth mercy his for heaven: of God the unto thanks give O
ever. for endureth mercy his for flesh: all to food giveth Who
ever. for endureth mercy his for enemies: our from us redeemed hath And
ever: for endureth mercy his for estate: low our in us remembered Who
ever. for endureth mercy his for servant: his Israel unto heritage an Even
ever: for endureth mercy his for heritage: an for land their gave And
ever: for endureth mercy his for Bashan: of king the Og And
ever: for endureth mercy his for Amorites: the of king Sihon
ever: for endureth mercy his for kings: famous slew And
ever: for endureth mercy his for kings: great smote which him To
ever. for endureth mercy his for wilderness: the through people his led which him To
ever. for endureth mercy his for sea: Red the in host his and Pharaoh overthrew But
ever: for endureth mercy his for it: of midst the through pass to Israel made And
ever: for endureth mercy his for parts: into sea Red the divided which him To
ever. for endureth mercy his for arm: out stretched a with and hand, strong a With
ever: for endureth mercy his for them: among from Israel out brought And
ever: for endureth mercy his for firstborn: their in Egypt smote that him To
ever. for endureth mercy his for night: by rule to stars and moon The
ever: for endureth mercy his for day: by rule to sun The
ever: for endureth mercy his for lights: great made that him To
ever. for endureth mercy his for waters: the above earth the out stretched that him To
ever. for endureth mercy his for heavens: the made wisdom by that him To
ever. for endureth mercy his for wonders: great doeth alone who him To
ever. for endureth mercy his for lords: of Lord the to thanks give O
ever. for endureth mercy his for gods: of God the unto thanks give O
ever. for endureth mercy his for good: is he for ; Lord the unto thanks give O
. Lord the ye Praise Jerusalem. at dwelleth which Zion, of out Lord the be Blessed
. Lord the bless , Lord the fear that ye Levi: of house O , Lord the Bless
Aaron: of house O , Lord the bless Israel: of house O , Lord the Bless
them. in trusteth that one every is so them: unto like are them make that They
mouths. their in breath any there is neither not; hear they but ears, have They
not; see they but they, have eyes not; speak they but mouths, have They
hands. men's of work the gold, and silver are heathen the of idols The
servants. his concerning himself repent will he and people, his judge will Lord the For
generations. all throughout , Lord O memorial, thy and ever; for endureth , Lord O name, Thy
people. his Israel unto heritage an heritage, an for land their gave And
Canaan: of kingdoms the all and Bashan, of king Og and Amorites, the of king Sihon
kings; mighty slew and nations, great smote Who
servants. his all upon and Pharaoh, upon Egypt, O thee, of midst the into wonders and tokens sent Who
beast. and man of both Egypt, of firstborn the smote Who
treasuries. his of out wind the bringeth he rain; the for lightnings maketh he earth; the of ends the from ascend to vapours the causeth He
places. deep all and seas, the in earth, in and heaven, in he did that pleased, Lord the Whatsoever
gods. all above is Lord our that and great, is Lord the that know I For
treasure. peculiar his for Israel and himself, unto Jacob chosen hath Lord the For
pleasant. is it for name; his unto praises sing good: is Lord the for ; Lord the Praise
God. our of house the of courts the in , Lord the of house the in stand that Ye
. Lord the of servants ye O him, praise ; Lord the of name the ye Praise . Lord the ye Praise
Zion. of out thee bless earth and heaven made that Lord The
. Lord the bless and sanctuary, the in hands your up Lift
. Lord the of house the in stand night by which , Lord the of servants ye all , Lord the ye bless Behold,
evermore. for life even blessing, the commanded Lord the there for Zion: of mountains the upon descended that dew the as and Hermon, of dew the As
garments; his of skirts the to down went that beard: Aaron's even beard, the upon down ran that head, the upon ointment precious the like is It
unity! in together dwell to brethren for is it pleasant how and good how Behold,
flourish. crown his shall himself upon but shame: with clothe I will enemies His
anointed. mine for lamp a ordained have I bud: to David of horn the make I will There
joy. for aloud shout shall saints her and salvation: with priests her clothe also will I
bread. with poor her satisfy will I provision: her bless abundantly will I
it. desired have I for dwell; I will here ever: for rest my is This
habitation. his for it desired hath he Zion; chosen hath Lord the For
evermore. for throne thy upon sit also shall children their them, teach shall I that testimony my and covenant my keep will children thy If
throne. thy upon set I will body thy of fruit the Of it; from turn not will he David; unto truth in sworn hath Lord The
anointed. thine of face the away not turn sake David's servant thy For
joy. for shout saints thy let and righteousness; with clothed be priests thy Let
strength. thy of ark the and thou, rest; thy into , Lord O Arise,
footstool. his at worship will we tabernacles: his into go will We
wood. the of fields the in it found we Ephratah: at it of heard we Lo,
Jacob. of God mighty the for habitation an , Lord the for place a out find I Until
eyelids, mine to slumber or eyes, mine to sleep give not will I
bed; my into up go nor house, my of tabernacle the into come not will I Surely
Jacob; of God mighty the unto vowed and , Lord the unto sware he How
afflictions: his all and David, remember Lord,
ever. for and henceforth from Lord the in hope Israel Let
child. weaned a as even is soul my mother: his of weaned is that child a as myself, quieted and behaved have I Surely
me. for high too things in or matters, great in myself exercise I do neither lofty: eyes mine nor haughty, not is heart my Lord,
iniquities. his all from Israel redeem shall he And
redemption. plenteous is him with and mercy, is there Lord the with for : Lord the in hope Israel Let
morning. the for watch that they than more say, I morning: the for watch that they than more Lord the for waiteth soul My
hope. I do word his in and wait, doth soul my , Lord the for wait I
feared. be mayest thou that thee, with forgiveness is there But
stand? shall who Lord, O iniquities, mark shouldest , Lord thou, If
supplications. my of voice the to attentive be ears thine let voice: my hear Lord,
. Lord O thee, unto cried I have depths the of Out
. Lord the of name the in you bless we you: upon be Lord the of blessing The say, by go which they do Neither
bosom. his sheaves bindeth that he nor hand; his not filleth mower the Wherewith
up: groweth it afore withereth which housetops, the upon grass the as be them Let
Zion. hate that back turned and confounded be all them Let
wicked. the of cords the asunder cut hath he righteous: is Lord The
furrows. their long made they back: my upon plowed plowers The
me. against prevailed not have they yet youth: my from me afflicted they have time a Many
say: now Israel may youth, my from me afflicted they have time a Many
Israel. upon peace and children, children's thy see shalt thou Yea,
life. thy of days the all Jerusalem of good the see shalt thou and Zion: of out thee bless shall Lord The
. Lord the feareth that blessed be man the shall thus that Behold,
table. thy about round plants olive like children thy house: thine of sides the by vine fruitful a as be shall wife Thy
thee. with well be shall it and be, thou shalt happy hands: thine of labour the eat shalt thou For
ways. his in walketh that ; Lord the feareth that one every is Blessed
gate. the in enemies the with speak shall they but ashamed, be not shall they them: of full quiver his hath that man the is Happy
youth. the of children are so man; mighty a of hand the in are arrows As
reward. his is womb the of fruit the and : Lord the of heritage an are children Lo,
sleep. beloved his giveth he so for sorrows: of bread the eat to late, up sit to early, up rise to you for vain is It
vain. in but waketh watchman the city, the keep Lord the except it: build that vain in labour they house, the build Lord the Except
him. with sheaves his bringing rejoicing, with again come doubtless shall seed, precious bearing weepeth, and forth goeth that He
joy. in reap shall tears in sow that They
south. the in streams the as , Lord O captivity, our again Turn
glad. are we whereof us; for things great done hath Lord The
them. for things great done hath Lord The heathen, the among they said then singing: with tongue our and laughter, with filled mouth our was Then
dream. that them like were we Zion, of captivity the again turned Lord the When
Israel. upon be shall peace but iniquity: of workers the with forth them lead shall Lord the ways, crooked their unto aside turn as such for As
hearts. their in upright are that them to and good, be that those unto , Lord O good, Do
iniquity. unto hands their forth put righteous the lest righteous; the of lot the upon rest not shall wicked the of rod the For
ever. for even henceforth from people his about round is Lord the so Jerusalem, about round are mountains the As
ever. for abideth but removed, be cannot which Zion, mount as be shall Lord the in trust that They
earth. and heaven made who , Lord the of name the in is help Our
escaped. are we and broken, is snare the fowlers: the of snare the of out bird a as escaped is soul Our
teeth. their to prey a as us given not hath who , Lord the be Blessed
soul. our over gone had waters proud the Then
soul: our over gone had stream the us, overwhelmed had waters the Then
us: against kindled was wrath their when quick, up us swallowed had they Then
us: against up rose men when side, our on was who Lord the been not had it If
say; Israel may now side, our on was who Lord the been not had it If
proud. the of contempt the with and ease, at are that those of scorning the with filled exceedingly is soul Our
contempt. with filled exceedingly are we for us: upon mercy have , Lord O us, upon mercy Have
us. upon mercy have he that until God, our Lord the upon wait eyes our so mistress; her of hand the unto maiden a of eyes the as and masters, their of hand the unto look servants of eyes the as Behold,
heavens. the in dwellest that thou O eyes, mine up I lift thee Unto
good. thy seek will I God our Lord the of house the of Because
thee. within be Peace say, now will I sakes, companions' and brethren my For
palaces. thy within prosperity and walls, thy within be Peace
thee. love that prosper shall they Jerusalem: of peace the for Pray
David. of house the of thrones the judgment, of thrones set are there For
. Lord the of name the unto thanks give to Israel, of testimony the unto , Lord the of tribes the up, go tribes the Whither
together: compact is that city a as builded is Jerusalem
Jerusalem. O gates, thy within stand shall feet Our
. Lord the of house the into go us Let me, unto said they when glad was I
evermore. for even and forth, time this from in coming thy and out going thy preserve shall Lord The
soul. thy preserve shall he evil: all from thee preserve shall Lord The
night. by moon the nor day, by thee smite not shall sun The
hand. right thy upon shade thy is Lord the keeper: thy is Lord The
sleep. nor slumber neither shall Israel keepeth that he Behold,
slumber. not will thee keepeth that he moved: be to foot thy suffer not will He
earth. and heaven made which , Lord the from cometh help My
help. my cometh whence from hills, the unto eyes mine up lift will I
war. for are they speak, I when but peace: for am I
peace. hateth that him with dwelt long hath soul My
Kedar! of tents the in dwell I that Mesech, in sojourn I that me, is Woe
juniper. of coals with mighty, the of arrows Sharp
tongue? false thou thee, unto done be shall what or thee? unto given be shall What
tongue. deceitful a from and lips, lying from , Lord O soul, my Deliver
me. heard he and , Lord the unto cried I distress my In
commandments. thy forget not do I for servant; thy seek sheep; lost a like astray gone have I
me. help judgments thy let and thee; praise shall it and live, soul my Let
delight. my is law thy and ; Lord O salvation, thy for longed have I
precepts. thy chosen have I for me; help hand thine Let
righteousness. are commandments thy all for word: thy of speak shall tongue My
statutes. thy me taught hast thou when praise, utter shall lips My
word. thy to according me deliver thee: before come supplication my Let
word. thy to according understanding me give : Lord O thee, before near come cry my Let
thee. before are ways my all for testimonies: thy and precepts thy kept have I
exceedingly. them love I and testimonies; thy kept hath soul My
commandments. thy done and salvation, thy for hoped have I , Lord
them. offend shall nothing and law: thy love which they have peace Great
judgments. righteous thy of because thee praise I do day a times Seven
love. I do law thy but lying: abhor and hate I
spoil. great findeth that one as word, thy at rejoice I
word. thy of awe in standeth heart my but cause: a without me persecuted have Princes
ever. for endureth judgments righteous thy of one every and beginning: the from true is word Thy
lovingkindness. thy to according , Lord O me, quicken precepts: thy love I how Consider
word. thy not kept they because grieved; was and transgressors, the beheld I
testimonies. thy from decline not I do yet enemies; mine and persecutors my are Many
judgments. thy to according me quicken : Lord O mercies, tender thy are Great
statutes. thy not seek they for wicked: the from far is Salvation
word. thy to according me quicken me: deliver and cause, my Plead
law. thy forget not do I for me: deliver and affliction, mine Consider
ever. for them founded hast thou that old of known have I testimonies, thy Concerning
truth. are commandments thy all and ; Lord O near, art Thou
law. thy from far are they mischief: after follow that nigh draw They
judgment. thy to according me quicken , Lord O lovingkindness: thy unto according voice my Hear
word. thy in meditate might I that watches, night the prevent eyes Mine
word. thy in hoped I cried: and morning, the of dawning the prevented I
testimonies. thy keep shall I and me, save thee; unto cried I
statutes. thy keep will I : Lord O me, hear heart; whole my with cried I
live. shall I and understanding, me give everlasting: is testimonies thy of righteousness The
delights. my are commandments thy yet me: on hold taken have anguish and Trouble
truth. the is law thy and righteousness, everlasting an is righteousness Thy
precepts. thy forget I not do yet despised: and small am I
it. loveth servant thy therefore pure: very is word Thy
words. thy forgotten have enemies mine because me, consumed hath zeal My
faithful. very and righteous are commanded hast thou that testimonies Thy
judgments. thy are upright and , Lord O thou, art Righteous
law. thy not keep they because eyes, mine down run waters of Rivers
statutes. thy me teach and servant; thy upon shine to face thy Make
precepts. thy keep I will so man: of oppression the from me Deliver
me. over dominion have iniquity any not let and word: thy in steps my Order
name. thy love that those unto do to usest thou as me, unto merciful be and me, upon thou Look
commandments. thy for longed I for panted: and mouth, my opened I
simple. the unto understanding giveth it light; giveth words thy of entrance The
them. keep soul my doth therefore wonderful: are testimonies Thy
way. false every hate I and right; be to things all concerning precepts thy all esteem I Therefore
gold. fine above yea, gold; above commandments thy love I Therefore
law. thy void made have they for work: to , Lord thee, for time is It
testimonies. thy know may I that understanding, me give servant; thy am I
statutes. thy me teach and mercy, thy unto according servant thy with Deal
righteousness. thy of word the for and salvation, thy for fail eyes Mine
me. oppress proud the not let good: for servant thy for surety Be
oppressors. mine to not me leave justice: and judgment done have I
judgments. thy of afraid am I and thee; of fear for trembleth flesh My
testimonies. thy love I therefore dross: like earth the of wicked the all away puttest Thou
falsehood. is deceit their for statutes: thy from err that them all down trodden hast Thou
continually. statutes thy unto respect have will I and safe: be shall I and up, me thou Hold
hope. my of ashamed be not me let and live: may I that word, thy unto according me Uphold
God. my of commandments the keep will I for evildoers: ye me, from Depart
word. thy in hope I shield: my and place hiding my art Thou
love. I do law thy but thoughts: vain hate I
end. the unto even alway, statutes thy perform to heart mine inclined have I
heart. my of rejoicing the are they for ever: for heritage an as taken I have testimonies Thy
precepts. thy from not erred I yet me: for snare a laid have wicked The
law. thy forget not I do yet hand: my in continually is soul My
judgments. thy me teach and , Lord O mouth, my of offerings freewill the thee, beseech I Accept,
word. thy unto according , Lord O me, quicken much: very afflicted am I
judgments. righteous thy keep will I that it, perform will I and sworn, have I
path. my unto light a and feet, my unto lamp a is word Thy
way. false every hate I therefore understanding: get I precepts thy Through
mouth! my to honey than sweeter yea, taste! my unto words thy are sweet How
me. taught hast thou for judgments: thy from departed not have I
word. thy keep might I that way, evil every from feet my refrained have I
precepts. thy keep I because ancients, the than more understand I
meditation. my are testimonies thy for teachers: my all than understanding more have I
me. with ever are they for enemies: mine than wiser me made hast commandments thy through Thou
day. the all meditation my is it law! thy I love how O
broad. exceeding is commandment thy but perfection: all of end an seen have I
testimonies. thy consider will I but me: destroy to me for waited have wicked The
precepts. thy sought have I for me: save thine, am I
me. quickened hast thou them with for precepts: thy forget never will I
affliction. mine in perished have then should I delights, my been had law thy Unless
servants. thy are all for ordinances: thine to according day this continue They
abideth. it and earth, the established hast thou generations: all unto is faithfulness Thy
heaven. in settled is word thy , Lord O ever, For
mouth. thy of testimony the keep I shall so lovingkindness; thy after me Quicken
precepts. thy not forsook I but earth; upon me consumed almost had They
me. thou help wrongfully; me persecute they faithful: are commandments thy All
law. thy after not are which me, for pits digged have proud The
me? persecute that them on judgment execute thou wilt when servant? thy of days the are many How
statutes. thy forget not I do yet smoke; the in bottle a like become am I For
me? comfort thou wilt When saying, word, thy for fail eyes Mine
word. thy in hope I but salvation: thy for fainteth soul My
ashamed. not be I that statutes; thy in sound be heart my Let
testimonies. thy known have that those and me, unto turn thee fear that those Let
precepts. thy in meditate will I but cause: a without me with perversely dealt they for ashamed; be proud the Let
delight. my is law thy for live: may I that me, unto come mercies tender thy Let
servant. thy unto word thy to according comfort, my for be kindness merciful thy thee, pray I Let,
me. afflicted hast faithfulness in thou that and right, are judgments thy that , Lord O know, I
word. thy in hoped have I because me; see they when glad be will thee fear that They
commandments. thy learn may I that understanding, me give me: fashioned and me made have hands Thy
silver. and gold of thousands than me unto better is mouth thy of law The
statutes. thy learn might I that afflicted; been have I that me for good is It
law. thy in delight I but grease; as fat as is heart Their
heart. whole my with precepts thy keep will I but me: against lie a forged have proud The
statutes. thy me teach good; doest and good, art Thou
word. thy kept I have now but astray: went I afflicted was I Before
commandments. thy believed have I for knowledge: and judgment good me Teach
word. thy unto according , Lord O servant, thy with well dealt hast Thou
statutes. thy me teach mercy: thy of full is , Lord O earth, The
precepts. thy keep that them of and thee, fear that them all of companion a am I
judgments. righteous thy of because thee unto thanks give to rise will I midnight At
law. thy forgotten not have I but me: robbed have wicked the of bands The
commandments. thy keep to not delayed and haste, made I
testimonies. thy unto feet my turned and ways, my on thought I
word. thy to according me unto merciful be heart: whole my with favour thy intreated I
words. thy keep would I that said have I : Lord O portion, my art Thou
precepts. thy kept I because had, I This
law. thy kept have and night, the in , Lord O name, thy remembered have I
pilgrimage. my of house the in songs my been have statutes Thy
law. thy forsake that wicked the of because me upon hold taken hath Horror
myself. comforted have and ; Lord O old, of judgments thy remembered I
law. thy from declined not I have yet derision: in greatly me had have proud The
me. quickened hath word thy for affliction: my in comfort my is This
hope. to me caused hast thou which upon servant, thy unto word the Remember
statutes. thy in meditate will I and loved; have I which commandments, thy unto up lift I will also hands My
loved. have I which commandments, thy in myself delight will I And
ashamed. be not will and kings, before also testimonies thy of speak will I
precepts. thy seek I for liberty: at walk will I And
ever. and ever for continually law thy keep I shall So
judgments. thy in hoped have I for mouth; my of out utterly truth of word the not take And
word. thy in trust I for me: reproacheth that him answer to wherewith have I shall So
word. thy to according salvation, thy even , Lord O me, unto also come mercies thy Let
righteousness. thy in me quicken precepts: thy after longed have I Behold,
good. are judgments thy for fear: I which reproach my away Turn
fear. thy to devoted is who servant, thy unto word thy Stablish
way. thy in me thou quicken and vanity; beholding from eyes mine away Turn
covetousness. to not and testimonies, thy unto heart my Incline
delight. I do therein for commandments; thy of path the in go to me Make
heart. whole my with it observe shall I yea, law; thy keep shall I and understanding, me Give
end. the unto it keep shall I and statutes; thy of way the , Lord O me, Teach
heart. my enlarge shalt thou when commandments, thy of way the run will I
shame. to not me put , Lord O testimonies: thy unto stuck have I
me. before laid I have judgments thy truth: of way the chosen have I
graciously. law thy me grant and lying: of way the me from Remove
word. thy unto according me thou strengthen heaviness: for melteth soul My
works. wondrous thy of talk I shall so precepts: thy of way the understand to me Make
statutes. thy me teach me: heardest thou and ways, my declared have I
word. thy to according me thou quicken dust: the unto cleaveth soul My
counselors. my and delight my are also testimonies Thy
statutes. thy in meditate did servant thy but me: against speak and sit did also Princes
testimonies. thy kept have I for contempt; and reproach me from Remove
commandments. thy from err do which cursed, are that proud the rebuked hast Thou
times. all at judgments thy unto hath it that longing the for breaketh soul My
me. from commandments thy not hide earth: the in stranger a am I
law. thy of out things wondrous behold may I that eyes, mine thou Open
word. thy keep and live, may I that servant, thy with bountifully Deal
word. thy forget not will I statutes: thy in myself delight will I
ways. thy unto respect have and precepts, thy in meditate will I
riches. all in as much as testimonies, thy of way the in rejoiced have I
mouth. thy of judgments the all declared I have lips my With
statutes. thy me teach : Lord O thou, art Blessed
thee. against sin not might I that heart, mine in hid I have word Thy
commandments. thy from wander not me let O thee: sought I have heart whole my With
word. thy to according thereto heed taking by way? his cleanse man young a shall Wherewithal
utterly. not me forsake O statutes: thy keep will I
judgments. righteous thy learned have shall I when heart, of uprightness with thee praise will I
commandments. thy all unto respect have I when ashamed, be not I shall Then
statutes! thy keep to directed were ways my that O
diligently. precepts thy keep to us commanded hast Thou
ways. his in walk they iniquity: no do also They
heart. whole the with him seek that and testimonies, his keep that they are Blessed
. Lord the of law the in walk who way, the in undefiled the are Blessed
ever. for endureth mercy his for good: is he for ; Lord the unto thanks give O
thee. exalt will I God, my art thou thee: praise will I and God, my art Thou
altar. the of horns the unto even cords, with sacrifice the bind light: us shewed hath which , Lord the is God
. Lord the of house the of out you blessed have we : Lord the of name the in cometh that he be Blessed
prosperity. now send thee, beseech I , Lord O : Lord O thee, beseech I now, Save
it. in glad be and rejoice will we made; hath Lord the which day the is This
eyes. our in marvellous is it doing; 's Lord the is This
corner. the of stone head the become is refused builders the which stone The
salvation. my become art and me, heard hast thou for thee: praise will I
enter. shall righteous the which into , Lord the of gate This
: Lord the praise will I and them, into go will I righteousness: of gates the me to Open
death. unto over me given not hath he but sore: me chastened hath Lord The
. Lord the of works the declare and live, but die, not shall I
valiantly. doeth Lord the of hand right the exalted: is Lord the of hand right The
valiantly. doeth Lord the of hand right the righteous: the of tabernacles the in is salvation and rejoicing of voice The
salvation. my become is and song, and strength my is Lord The
me. helped Lord the but fall: might I that me at sore thrust hast Thou
them. destroy will I Lord the of name the in for thorns: of fire the as quenched are they bees: like about me compassed They
them. destroy will I Lord the of name the in but about: me compassed they yea, about; me compassed They
them. destroy I will Lord the of name the in but about: me compassed nations All
princes. in confidence put to than Lord the in trust to better is It
man. in confidence put to than Lord the in trust to better is It
me. hate that them upon desire my see I shall therefore me: help that them with part my taketh Lord The
me? unto do man can what fear: not will I side; my on is Lord The
place. large a in me set and me, answered Lord the distress: in Lord the upon called I
ever. for endureth mercy his that say, Lord the fear that now them Let
ever. for endureth mercy his that say, now Aaron of house the Let
ever. for endureth mercy his that say, now Israel Let
ever. for endureth mercy his because good: is he for ; Lord the unto thanks give O
. Lord the ye Praise ever. for endureth Lord the of truth the and us: toward great is kindness merciful his For
people. ye all him, praise nations: ye all , Lord the praise O
. Lord the ye Praise Jerusalem. O thee, of midst the in house, 's Lord the of courts the In
people. his all of presence the in now Lord the unto vows my pay will I
. Lord the of name the upon call will and thanksgiving, of sacrifice the thee to offer will I
bonds. my loosed hast thou handmaid: thine of son the and servant, thy am I servant; thy am I truly , Lord O
saints. his of death the is Lord the of sight the in Precious
people. his all of presence the in now Lord the unto vows my pay will I
. Lord the of name the upon call and salvation, of cup the take will I
me? toward benefits his all for Lord the unto render I shall What
liars. are men All haste, my in said I
afflicted: greatly was I spoken: I have therefore believed, I
living. the of land the in Lord the before walk will I
falling. from feet my and tears, from eyes mine death, from soul my delivered hast thou For
thee. with bountifully dealt hath Lord the for soul; my O rest, thy unto Return
me. helped he and low, brought was I simple: the preserveth Lord The
merciful. is God our yea, righteous; and , Lord the is Gracious
soul. my deliver thee, beseech I , Lord O ; Lord the of name the upon I called Then
sorrow. and trouble found I me: upon hold gat hell of pains the and me, compassed death of sorrows The
live. I as long as him upon call I will therefore me, unto ear his inclined hath he Because
supplications. my and voice my heard hath he because , Lord the love I
. Lord the Praise evermore. for and forth time this from Lord the bless will we But
silence. into down go that any neither , Lord the not praise dead The
men. of children the to given he hath earth the but 's: Lord the are heavens, the even heaven, The
earth. and heaven made which Lord the of blessed are Ye
children. your and you more, and more you increase shall Lord The
great. and small both , Lord the fear that them bless will He
Aaron. of house the bless will he Israel; of house the bless will he us; bless will he us: of mindful been hath Lord The
shield. their and help their is he : Lord the in trust , Lord the fear that Ye
shield. their and help their is he : Lord the in trust Aaron, of house O
shield. their and help their is he : Lord the in thou trust Israel, O
them. in trusteth that one every is so them; unto like are them make that They
throat. their through they speak neither not: walk they but they, have feet not: handle they but hands, have They
not: smell they but they, have noses not: hear they but ears, have They
not: see they but they, have eyes not: speak they but mouths, have They
hands. men's of work the gold, and silver are idols Their
pleased. hath he whatsoever done hath he heavens: the in is God our But
God? their now is Where say, heathen the should Wherefore
sake. truth's thy for and mercy, thy for glory, give name thy unto but us, unto not , Lord O us, unto Not
waters. of fountain a into flint the water, standing a into rock the turned Which
Jacob; of God the of presence the at Lord, the of presence the at earth, thou Tremble,
lambs? like hills, little ye and rams; like skipped ye that mountains, Ye
back? driven wast thou that Jordan, thou fleddest? thou that sea, thou O thee, ailed What
lambs. like hills little the and rams, like skipped mountains The
back. driven was Jordan fled: and it, saw sea The
dominion. his Israel and sanctuary, his was Judah
language; strange of people a from Jacob of house the Egypt, of out went Israel When
. Lord the ye Praise children. of mother joyful a be to and house, keep to woman barren the maketh He
people. his of princes the with even princes, with him set may he That
dunghill; the of out needy the lifteth and dust, the of out poor the up raiseth He
earth! the in and heaven, in are that things the behold to himself humbleth Who
high, on dwelleth who God, our Lord the unto like is Who
heavens. the above glory his and nations, all above high is Lord The
praised. be to is name 's Lord the same the of down going the unto sun the of rising the From
evermore. for and forth time this from Lord the of name the be Blessed
. Lord the of name the praise , Lord the of servants ye O Praise, . Lord the ye Praise
perish. shall wicked the of desire the away: melt and teeth, his with gnash shall he grieved; be and it, see shall wicked The
honour. with exalted be shall horn his ever; for endureth righteousness his poor; the to given hath he dispersed, hath He
enemies. his upon desire his see he until afraid, be not shall he established, is heart His
. Lord the in trusting fixed, is heart his tidings: evil of afraid be not shall He
remembrance. everlasting in be shall righteous the ever: for moved be not shall he Surely
discretion. with affairs his guide will he lendeth: and favour, sheweth man good A
righteous. and compassion, of full and gracious, is he darkness: the in light ariseth there upright the Unto
ever. for endureth righteousness his and house: his in be shall riches and Wealth
blessed. be shall upright the of generation the earth: upon mighty be shall seed His
commandments. his in greatly delighteth that , Lord the feareth that man the is Blessed . Lord the ye Praise
ever. for endureth praise his commandments: his do that they all have understanding good a wisdom: of beginning the is Lord the of fear The
name. his is reverend and holy ever: for covenant his commanded hath he people: his unto redemption sent He
uprightness. and truth in done are and ever, and ever for fast stand They
sure. are commandments his all judgment; and verity are hands his of works The
heathen. the of heritage the them give may he that works, his of power the people his shewed hath He
covenant. his of mindful be ever will he him: fear that them unto meat given hath He
compassion. of full and gracious is Lord the remembered: be to works wonderful his made hath He
ever. for endureth righteousness his and glorious: and honourable is work His
therein. pleasure have that them all of out sought great, are Lord the of works The
congregation. the in and upright, the of assembly the in heart, whole my with Lord the praise will I . Lord the ye Praise
head. the up lift he shall therefore way: the in brook the of drink shall He
countries. many over heads the wound shall he bodies; dead the with places the fill shall he heathen, the among judge shall He
wrath. his of day the in kings through strike shall hand right thy at Lord The
Melchizedek. of order the after ever for priest a art Thou repent, not will and sworn, hath Lord The
youth. thy of dew the hast thou morning: the of womb the from holiness of beauties the in power, thy of day the in willing be shall people Thy
enemies. thine of midst the in thou rule Zion: of out strength thy of rod the send shall Lord The
footstool. thy enemies thine make I until hand, right my at thou Sit Lord, my unto said Lord The
soul. his condemn that those from him save to poor, the of hand right the at stand shall he For
multitude. the among him praise will I yea, mouth; my with Lord the praise greatly will I
mantle. a with as confusion, own their with themselves cover them let and shame, with clothed be adversaries mine Let
rejoice. servant thy let but ashamed; be them let arise, they when thou: bless but curse, them Let
it. done hast , Lord thou, that hand; thy is this that know may they That
mercy: thy to according me save O God: my Lord O me, Help
heads. their shaked they me upon looked they when them: unto reproach a also became I
fatness. of faileth flesh my and fasting; through weak are knees My
locust. the as down and up tossed am I declineth: it when shadow the like gone am I
me. within wounded is heart my and needy, and poor am I For
me. thou deliver good, is mercy thy because sake: name's thy for Lord, the God O me, for thou do But
soul. my against evil speak that them of and , Lord the from adversaries mine of reward the be this Let
continually. girded is he wherewith girdle a for and him, covereth which garment the as him unto be it Let
bones. his into oil like and water, like bowels his into come it let so garment, his with as like cursing with himself clothed he As
him. from far be it let so blessing, in not delighted he as him: unto come it let so cursing, loved he As
heart. in broken the slay even might he that man, needy and poor the persecuted but mercy, shew to not remembered he that Because
earth. the from them of memory the off cut may he that continually, Lord the before be them Let
out. blotted be mother his of sin the not let and ; Lord the with remembered be fathers his of iniquity the Let
out. blotted be name their let following generation the in and off; cut be posterity his Let
children. fatherless his favour to any be there let neither him: unto mercy extend to none be there Let
labour. his spoil strangers the let and hath; he that all catch extortioner the Let
places. desolate their of out also bread their seek them let beg: and vagabonds, continually be children his Let
widow. a wife his and fatherless, be children his Let
office. his take another let and few; be days his Let
sin. become prayer his let and condemned: be him let judged, be shall he When
hand. right his at stand Satan let and him: over man wicked a thou Set
love. my for hatred and good, for evil me rewarded have they And
prayer. unto myself give I but adversaries: my are they love my For
cause. a without me against fought and hatred; of words with also about me compassed They
tongue. lying a with me against spoken have they me: against opened are deceitful the of mouth the and wicked the of mouth the For
praise; my of God O peace, thy not Hold
enemies. our down tread shall that is it he for valiantly: do shall we God Through
man. of help the is vain for trouble: from help us Give
hosts? our with forth go God, O thou, not wilt and off? us cast hast who God, O thou, not Wilt
Edom? into me lead will who city? strong the into me bring will Who
triumph. I will Philistia over shoe; my out cast I will Edom over washpot; my is Moab
lawgiver; my is Judah head; mine of strength the is also Ephraim mine; is Manasseh mine; is Gilead
Succoth. of valley the out mete and Shechem, divide will I rejoice, will I holiness; his in spoken hath God
me. answer and hand, right thy with save delivered: be may beloved thy That
earth; the all above glory thy and heavens: the above God, O exalted, thou Be
clouds. the unto reacheth truth thy and heavens: the above great is mercy thy For
nations. the among thee unto praises sing will I and people: the among , Lord O thee, praise will I
early. awake will myself I harp: and psaltery Awake,
glory. my with even praise, give and sing will I fixed; is heart my God, O
. Lord the of lovingkindness the understand shall they even things, these observe will and wise, is Whoso
mouth. her stop shall iniquity all and rejoice: and it, see shall righteous The
flock. a like families him maketh and affliction, from high on poor the he setteth Yet
way. no is there where wilderness, the in wander to them causeth and princes, upon contempt poureth He
sorrow. and affliction, oppression, through low brought and minished are they Again,
decrease. to cattle their not suffereth and greatly; multiplied are they that so also, them blesseth He
increase. of fruits yield may which vineyards, plant and fields, the sow And
habitation; for city a prepare may they that dwell, to hungry the maketh he there And
watersprings. into ground dry and water, standing a into wilderness the turneth He
therein. dwell that them of wickedness the for barrenness, into land fruitful A
ground; dry into watersprings the and wilderness, a into rivers turneth He
elders. the of assembly the in him praise and people, the of congregation the in also him exalt them Let
men! of children the to works wonderful his for and goodness, his for Lord the praise would men that Oh
haven. desired their unto them bringeth he so quiet; be they because glad they are Then
still. are thereof waves the that so calm, a storm the maketh He
distresses. their of out them bringeth he and trouble, their in Lord the unto cry they Then
end. wit's their at are and man, drunken a like stagger and fro, and to reel They
trouble. of because melted is soul their depths: the to again down go they heaven, the to up mount They
thereof. waves the up lifteth which wind, stormy the raiseth and commandeth, he For
deep. the in wonders his and , Lord the of works the see These
waters; great in business do that ships, in sea the to down go that They
rejoicing. with works his declare and thanksgiving, of sacrifices the sacrifice them let And
men! of children the to works wonderful his for and goodness, his for Lord the praise would men that Oh
destructions. their from them delivered and them, healed and word, his sent He
distresses. their of out them saveth he and trouble, their in Lord the unto cry they Then
death. of gates the unto near draw they and meat; of manner all abhorreth soul Their
afflicted. are iniquities, their of because and transgression, their of because Fools
sunder. in iron of bars the cut and brass, of gates the broken hath he For
men! of children the to works wonderful his for and goodness, his for Lord the praise would men that Oh
sunder. in bands their brake and death, of shadow the and darkness of out them brought He
distresses. their of out them saved he and trouble, their in Lord the unto cried they Then
help. to none was there and down, fell they labour; with heart their down brought he Therefore
High: most the of counsel the contemned and God, of words the against rebelled they Because
iron; and affliction in bound being death, of shadow the in and darkness in sit as Such
goodness. with soul hungry the filleth and soul, longing the satisfieth he For
men! of children the to works wonderful his for and goodness, his for Lord the praise would men that Oh
habitation. of city a to go might they that way, right the by forth them led he And
distresses. their of out them delivered he and trouble, their in Lord the unto cried they Then
them. in fainted soul their thirsty, and Hungry
in. dwell to city no found they way; solitary a in wilderness the in wandered They
south. the from and north, the from west, the from and east, the from lands, the of out them gathered And
enemy; the of hand the from redeemed hath he whom so, say Lord the of redeemed the Let
ever. for endureth mercy his for good: is he for , Lord the unto thanks give O
. Lord the ye Praise Amen. say, people the all let and everlasting: to everlasting from Israel of God Lord the be Blessed
praise. thy in triumph to and name, holy thy unto thanks give to heathen, the among from us gather and God, our Lord O us, Save
captives. them carried that those all of pitied be to also them made He
mercies. his of multitude the to according repented and covenant, his them for remembered he And
cry: their heard he when affliction, their regarded he Nevertheless
iniquity. their for low brought were and counsel, their with him provoked they but them; deliver he did times Many
hand. their under subjection into brought were they and them, oppressed also enemies Their
them. over ruled them hated that they and heathen; the of hand the into them gave he And
inheritance. own his abhorred he that insomuch people, his against kindled Lord the of wrath the was Therefore
inventions. own their with whoring a went and works, own their with defiled they were Thus
blood. with polluted was land the and Canaan: of idols the unto sacrificed they whom daughters, their of and sons their of blood the even blood, innocent shed And
devils, unto daughters their and sons their sacrificed they Yea,
them. unto snare a were which idols: their served they And
works. their learned and heathen, the among mingled were But
them: commanded Lord the whom concerning nations, the destroy not did They
lips. his with unadvisedly spake he that so spirit, his provoked they Because
sakes: their for Moses with ill went it that so strife, of waters the at also him angered They
evermore. for generations all unto righteousness for him unto counted was that And
stayed. was plague the so and judgment: executed and Phinehas, up stood Then
them. upon in brake plague the and inventions: their with anger to him provoked they Thus
dead. the of sacrifices the ate and Baalpeor, unto also themselves joined They
lands. the in them scatter to and nations, the among also seed their overthrow To
wilderness: the in them overthrow to them, against hand his up lifted he Therefore
. Lord the of voice the unto not hearkened and tents, their in murmured But
word: his not believed they land, pleasant the despised they Yea,
them. destroy should he lest wrath, his away turn to breach, the in him before stood chosen his Moses not had them, destroy would he that said he Therefore
sea. Red the by things terrible and Ham, of land the in works Wondrous
Egypt; in things great done had which saviour, their God forgat They
grass. eateth that ox an of similitude the into glory their changed they Thus
image. molten the worshipped and Horeb, in calf a made They
wicked. the up burned flame the company; their in kindled was fire a And
Abiram. of company the covered and Dathan up swallowed and opened earth The
. Lord the of saint the Aaron and camp, the in also Moses envied They
soul. their into leanness sent but request; their them gave he And
desert. the in God tempted and wilderness, the in exceedingly lusted But
counsel: his for not waited they works; his forgat soon They
praise. his sang they words; his they believed Then
left. them of one not was there enemies: their covered waters the And
enemy. the of hand the from them redeemed and them, hated that him of hand the from them saved he And
wilderness. the through as depths, the through them led he so up: dried was it and also, sea Red the rebuked He
known. be to power mighty his make might he that sake, name's his for them saved he Nevertheless
sea. Red the at even sea, the at him provoked but mercies; thy of multitude the not remembered they Egypt; in wonders thy not understood fathers Our
wickedly. done have we iniquity, committed have we fathers, our with sinned have We
inheritance. thine with glory may I that nation, thy of gladness the in rejoice may I that chosen, thy of good the see may I That
salvation; thy with me visit O people: thy unto bearest thou that favour the with , Lord O me, Remember
times. all at righteousness doeth that he and judgment, keep that they are Blessed
praise? his all forth shew can who ? Lord the of acts mighty the utter can Who
ever. for endureth mercy his for good: is he for ; Lord the unto thanks give O . Lord the ye Praise
. Lord the ye Praise laws. his keep and statutes, his observe might they That
people; the of labour the inherited they and heathen: the of lands the them gave And
gladness: with chosen his and joy, with people his forth brought he And
servant. his Abraham and promise, holy his remembered he For
river. a like places dry the in ran they out; gushed waters the and rock, the opened He
heaven. of bread the with them satisfied and quails, brought he and asked, people The
night. the in light give to fire and covering; a for cloud a spread He
them. upon fell them of fear the for departed: they when glad was Egypt
tribes. their among person feeble one not was there and gold: and silver with also forth them brought He
strength. their all of chief the land, their in firstborn the all also smote He
ground. their of fruit the devoured and land, their in herbs the all up eat did And
number, without that and caterpillers, and came, locusts the and spake, He
coasts. their of trees the brake and trees; fig their and also vines their smote He
land. their in fire flaming and rain, for hail them gave He
coasts. their all in lice and flies, of sorts divers came there and spake, He
kings. their of chambers the in abundance, in frogs forth brought land Their
fish. their slew and blood, into waters their turned He
word. his against not rebelled they and dark; it made and darkness, sent He
Ham. of land the in wonders and them, among signs his shewed They
chosen. had he whom Aaron and servant; his Moses sent He
servants. his with subtilly deal to people, his hate to heart their turned He
enemies. their than stronger them made and greatly; people his increased he And
Ham. of land the in sojourned Jacob and Egypt; into came also Israel
wisdom. senators his teach and pleasure; his at princes his bind To
substance: his all of ruler and house, his of lord him made He
free. go him let and people, the of ruler the even him; loosed and sent king The
him. tried Lord the of word the came: word his that time the Until
iron: in laid was he fetters: with hurt they feet Whose
servant: a for sold was who Joseph, even them, before man a sent He
bread. of staff whole the brake he land: the upon famine a for called he Moreover
harm. no prophets my do and anointed, mine not Touch Saying,
sakes; their for kings reproved he yea, wrong: them do to man no suffered He
people; another to kingdom one from another, to nation one from went they When
it. in strangers and few, very yea, number; in men few a but were they When
inheritance: your of lot the Canaan, of land the give I will thee Unto Saying,
covenant: everlasting an for Israel to and law, a for Jacob unto same the confirmed And
Isaac; unto oath his and Abraham, with made he covenant Which
generations. thousand a to commanded he which word the ever, for covenant his remembered hath He
earth. the all in are judgments his God: our Lord the is He
chosen. his Jacob of children ye servant, his Abraham of seed ye O
mouth; his of judgments the and wonders, his done; hath he that works marvellous his Remember
evermore. face his seek strength: his and , Lord the Seek
. Lord the seek that rejoice them of heart the let name: holy his in ye Glory
works. wondrous his all of ye talk him: unto psalms sing him, unto Sing
people. the among deeds his known make name: his upon call ; Lord the unto thanks give O
. Lord the ye Praise soul. my O , Lord the thou Bless more. no be wicked the let and earth, the of out consumed be sinners the Let
. Lord the in glad be will I sweet: be shall him of meditation My
being. my have I while God my to praise sing will I live: I as long as Lord the unto sing will I
smoke. they and hills, the toucheth he trembleth: it and earth, the on looketh He
works. his in rejoice shall Lord the ever: for endure shall Lord the of glory The
earth. the of face the renewest thou and created: are they spirit, thy forth sendest Thou
dust. their to return and die, they breath, their away takest thou troubled: are they face, thy hidest Thou
good. with filled are they hand, thine openest thou gather: they them givest thou That
season. due in meat their them give mayest thou that thee; upon all wait These
therein. play to made hast thou whom leviathan, that is there ships: the go There
beasts. great and small both innumerable, creeping things are wherein sea, wide and great this is So
riches. thy of full is earth the all: them made thou hast wisdom in works! thy are manifold how , Lord O
evening. the until labour his to and work his unto forth goeth Man
dens. their in down them lay and together, themselves gather they ariseth, sun The
God. from meat their seek and prey, their after roar lions young The
forth. creep do forest the of beasts the all wherein night: is it and darkness, makest Thou
down. going his knoweth sun the seasons: for moon the appointed He
conies. the for rocks the and goats; wild the for refuge a are hills high The
house. her are trees fir the stork, the for as nests: their make birds the Where
planted; hath he which Lebanon, of cedars the sap; of full are Lord the of trees The
heart. man's strengtheneth which bread and shine, to face his make to oil and man, of heart the glad maketh that wine And
earth; the of out food forth bring may he that man: of service the for herb and cattle, the for grow to grass the causeth He
works. thy of fruit the with satisfied is earth the chambers: his from hills the watereth He
branches. the among sing which habitation, their have heaven the of fowls the shall them By
thirst. their quench asses wild the field: the of beast every to drink give They
hills. the among run which valleys, the into springs the sendeth He
earth. the cover to again not turn they that over; pass not may they that bound a set hast Thou
them. for founded hast thou which place the unto valleys the by down go they mountains; the by up go They
away. hasted they thunder thy of voice the at fled; they rebuke thy At
mountains. the above stood waters the garment: a with as deep the with it coveredst Thou
ever. for removed be not should it that earth, the of foundations the laid Who
fire: flaming a ministers his spirits; angels his maketh Who
wind: the of wings the upon walketh who chariot: his clouds the maketh who waters: the in chambers his of beams the layeth Who
curtain: a like heavens the out stretchest who garment: a with as light with thyself coverest Who
majesty. and honour with clothed art thou great; very art thou God, my Lord O soul. my O , Lord the Bless
soul. my O , Lord the bless dominion: his of places all in works his all , Lord the Bless
pleasure. his do that his, of ministers ye hosts; his ye all , Lord the ye Bless
word. his of voice the unto hearkening commandments, his do that strength, in excel that angels, his ye , Lord the Bless
all. over ruleth kingdom his and heavens; the in throne his prepared hath Lord The
them. do to commandments his remember that those to and covenant, his keep as such To
children; children's unto righteousness his and him, fear that them upon everlasting to everlasting from is Lord the of mercy the But
more. no it know shall thereof place the and gone; is it and it, over passeth wind the For
flourisheth. he so field, the of flower a as grass: as are days his man, for As
dust. are we that remembereth he frame; our knoweth he For
him. fear that them pitieth Lord the so children, his pitieth father a as Like
us. from transgressions our removed he hath far so west, the from is east the as far As
him. fear that them toward mercy his is great so earth, the above high is heaven the as For
iniquities. our to according us rewarded nor sins; our after us with dealt not hath He
ever. for anger his keep he will neither chide: always not will He
mercy. in plenteous and anger, to slow gracious, and merciful is Lord The
Israel. of children the unto acts his Moses, unto ways his known made He
oppressed. are that all for judgment and righteousness executeth Lord The
eagle's. the like renewed is youth thy that so things; good with mouth thy satisfieth Who
mercies; tender and lovingkindness with thee crowneth who destruction; from life thy redeemeth Who
diseases; thy all healeth who iniquities; thine all forgiveth Who
benefits: his all not forget and soul, my O , Lord the Bless
name. holy his bless me, within is that all and soul: my O , Lord the Bless
thee. before established be shall seed their and continue, shall servants thy of children The
end. no have shall years thy and same, the art thou But
changed: be shall they and them, change thou shalt vesture a as garment; a like old wax shall them of all yea, endure: shalt thou but perish, shall They
hands. thy of work the are heavens the and earth: the of foundation the laid thou hast old Of
generations. all throughout are years thy days: my of midst the in away not me take God, my O said, I
days. my shortened he way; the in strength my weakened He
. Lord the serve to kingdoms, the and together, gathered are people the When
Jerusalem; in praise his and Zion, in Lord the of name the declare To
death; to appointed are that those loose to prisoner; the of groaning the hear To
earth; the behold Lord the did heaven from sanctuary; his of height the from down looked hath he For
. Lord the praise shall created be shall which people the and come: to generation the for written be shall This
prayer. their despise not and destitute, the of prayer the regard will He
glory. his in appear shall he Zion, up build shall Lord the When
glory. thy earth the of kings the all and , Lord the of name the fear shall heathen the So
thereof. dust the favour and stones, her in pleasure take servants thy For
come. is time, set the yea, her, favour to time the for Zion: upon mercy have and arise, shalt Thou
generations. all unto remembrance thy and ever; for endure shall , Lord O thou, But
grass. like withered am I and declineth; that shadow a like are days My
down. me cast and up, me lifted hast thou for wrath: thy and indignation thine of Because
weeping. with drink my mingled and bread, like ashes eaten have I For
me. against sworn are me against mad are that they and day; the all me reproach enemies Mine
top. house the upon alone sparrow a as am and watch, I
desert. the of owl an like am I wilderness: the of pelican a like am I
skin. my to cleave bones my groaning my of voice the of reason By
bread. my eat to forget I that so grass; like withered and smitten, is heart My
hearth. an as burned are bones my and smoke, like consumed are days my For
speedily. me answer call I when day the in me: unto ear thine incline trouble; in am I when day the in me from face thy not Hide
thee. unto come cry my let and , Lord O prayer, my Hear
. Lord the of city the from doers wicked all off cut may I that land; the of wicked the all destroy early will I
sight. my in tarry not shall lies telleth that he house: my within dwell not shall deceit worketh that He
me. serve shall he way, perfect a in walketh that he me: with dwell may they that land, the of faithful the upon be shall eyes Mine
suffer. I not will heart proud a and look high an hath that him off: cut I will him neighbour, his slandereth privily Whoso
person. wicked a know not will I me: from depart shall heart froward A
me. to cleave not shall it aside; turn that them of work the hate I eyes: mine before thing wicked no set will I
heart. perfect a with house my within walk will I me? unto come thou wilt when O way. perfect a in wisely myself behave will I
sing. I will , Lord O thee, unto judgment: and mercy of sing will I
generations. all to endureth truth his and everlasting; is mercy his good; is Lord the For
name. his bless and him, unto thankful be praise: with courts his into and thanksgiving, with gates his into Enter
pasture. his of sheep the and people, his are we ourselves; we not and us, made hath that he is it God: is he Lord the that ye Know
singing. with presence his before come gladness: with Lord the Serve
lands. ye all , Lord the unto noise joyful a Make
holy. is God our Lord the for hill; holy his at worship and God, our Lord the Exalt
inventions. their of vengeance tookest thou though them, forgavest that God a wast thou God: our Lord O them, answeredst Thou
them. gave he that ordinance the and testimonies, his kept they pillar: cloudy the in them unto spake He
them. answered he and , Lord the upon called they name; his upon call that them among Samuel and priests, his among Aaron and Moses
holy. is he for footstool; his at worship and God, our Lord the ye Exalt
Jacob. in righteousness and judgment executest thou equity, establish dost thou judgment; loveth also strength king's The
holy. is it for name; terrible and great thy praise them Let
people. the all above high is he and Zion; in great is Lord The
moved. be earth the let cherubims; the between sitteth he tremble: people the let reigneth; Lord The
equity. with people the and world, the judge he shall righteousness with earth: the judge to cometh he for ; Lord the Before
together joyful be hills the let hands: their clap floods the Let
therein. dwell that they and world, the thereof; fulness the and roar, sea the Let
King. the , Lord the before noise joyful a make cornet of sound and trumpets With
psalm. a of voice the and harp, the with harp; the with Lord the unto Sing
praise. sing and rejoice, and noise, loud a make earth: the all , Lord the unto noise joyful a Make
God. our of salvation the seen have earth the of ends the all Israel: of house the toward truth his and mercy his remembered hath He
heathen. the of sight the in shewed openly he hath righteousness his salvation: his known made hath Lord The
victory. the him gotten hath arm, holy his and hand, right his things: marvellous done hath he for song; new a Lord the unto sing O
holiness. his of remembrance the at thanks give and righteous; ye , Lord the in Rejoice
heart. in upright the for gladness and righteous, the for sown is Light
wicked. the of hand the of out them delivereth he saints; his of souls the preserveth he evil: hate , Lord the love that Ye
gods. all above far exalted art thou earth: the all above high art , Lord thou, For
. Lord O judgments, thy of because rejoiced Judah of daughters the and glad; was and heard, Zion
gods. ye all him, worship idols: of themselves boast that images, graven serve that they all be Confounded
glory. his see people the all and righteousness, his declare heavens The
earth. whole the of Lord the of presence the at , Lord the of presence the at wax like melted hills The
trembled. and saw, earth the world: the enlightened lightnings His
about. round enemies his up burneth and him, before goeth fire A
throne. his of habitation the are judgment and righteousness him: about round are darkness and Clouds
thereof. glad be isles of multitude the let rejoice; earth the let reigneth; Lord The
truth. his with people the and righteousness, with world the judge shall he earth: the judge to cometh he for cometh, he for : Lord the Before
rejoice wood the of trees the all shall then therein: is that all and joyful, be field the Let
thereof. fulness the and roar, sea the let glad; be earth the let and rejoice, heavens the Let
righteously. people the judge shall he moved: be not shall it that established be shall also world the reigneth: Lord the that heathen the among Say
earth. the all him, before fear holiness: of beauty the in Lord the worship O
courts. his into come and offering, an bring name: his unto due glory the Lord the unto Give
strength. and glory Lord the unto give people, the of kindreds ye O , Lord the unto Give
sanctuary. his in are beauty and strength him: before are majesty and Honour
heavens. the made Lord the but idols: are nations the of gods the all For
gods. all above feared be to is he praised: be to greatly and great, is Lord the For
people. all among wonders his heathen, the among glory his Declare
day. to day from salvation his forth shew name; his bless , Lord the unto Sing
earth. the all , Lord the unto sing song: new a Lord the unto sing O
rest. my into enter not should they that wrath my in sware I whom Unto
ways: my known not have they and heart, their in err do that people a is It said, and generation, this with grieved I was long years Forty
work. my saw and me, proved me, tempted fathers your When
wilderness: the in temptation of day the in as and provocation, the in as heart, your not Harden
voice, his hear will ye if day To hand. his of sheep the and pasture, his of people the are we and God; our is he For
maker. our Lord the before kneel us let down: bow and worship us let come, O
land. dry the formed hands his and it: made he and his, is sea The
also. his is hills the of strength the earth: the of places deep the are hand his In
gods. all above King great a and God, great a is Lord the For
psalms. with him unto noise joyful a make and thanksgiving, with presence his before come us Let
salvation. our of rock the to noise joyful a make us let : Lord the unto sing us let come, O
off. them cut shall God our Lord the yea, wickedness; own their in off them cut shall and iniquity, own their them upon bring shall he And
refuge. my of rock the is God my and defence; my is Lord the But
blood. innocent the condemn and righteous, the of soul the against together themselves gather They
law? a by mischief frameth which thee, with fellowship have iniquity of throne the Shall
soul. my delight comforts thy me within thoughts my of multitude the In
up. me held , Lord O mercy, thy slippeth; foot My said, I When
silence. in dwelt almost had soul my help, my been had Lord the Unless
iniquity? of workers the against me for up stand will who or evildoers? the against me for up rise will Who
it. follow shall heart in upright the all and righteousness: unto return shall judgment But
inheritance. his forsake he will neither people, his off cast not will Lord the For
wicked. the for digged be pit the until adversity, of days the from rest him give mayest thou That
law; thy of out him teachest and , Lord O chastenest, thou whom man the is Blessed
vanity. are they that man, of thoughts the knoweth Lord The
know? he not shall knowledge, man teacheth that he correct? he not shall heathen, the chastiseth that He
see? not he shall eye, the formed that he hear? not he shall ear, the planted that He
wise? be ye will when fools, ye and people: the among brutish ye Understand,
it. regard Jacob of God the shall neither see, not shall Lord The say, they Yet
fatherless. the murder and stranger, the and widow the slay They
heritage. thine afflict and , Lord O people, thy pieces in break They
themselves? boast iniquity of workers the all and things? hard speak and utter they shall long How
triumph? wicked the shall long how wicked, the shall long how , Lord
proud. the to reward a render earth: the of judge thou thyself, up Lift
thyself. shew belongeth, vengeance whom to God, O belongeth; vengeance whom to God, Lord O
ever. for , Lord O house, thine becometh holiness sure: very are testimonies Thy
sea. the of waves mighty the than yea, waters, many of noise the than mightier is high on Lord The
waves. their up lift floods the voice; their up lifted have floods the , Lord O up, lifted have floods The
everlasting. from art thou old: of established is throne Thy
moved. be cannot it that stablished, is also world the himself: girded hath he wherewith strength, with clothed is Lord the majesty; with clothed is he reigneth, Lord The
him. in unrighteousness no is there and rock, my is he upright: is Lord the that shew To
flourishing; and fat be shall they age; old in fruit forth bring still shall They
God. our of courts the in flourish shall Lord the of house the in planted be that Those
Lebanon. in cedar a like grow shall he tree: palm the like flourish shall righteous The
me. against up rise that wicked the of desire my hear shall ears mine and enemies, mine on desire my see shall also eye Mine
oil. fresh with anointed be shall I unicorn: an of horn the like exalt thou shalt horn my But
scattered. be shall iniquity of workers the all perish; shall enemies thine lo, for, , Lord O enemies, thine lo, For,
evermore. for high most art , Lord thou, But
ever: for destroyed be shall they that is it flourish; do iniquity of workers the all when and grass, the as spring wicked the When
this. understand fool a doth neither not; knoweth man brutish A
deep. very are thoughts thy and works! thy are great how , Lord O
hands. thy of works the in triumph will I work: thy through glad me made hast , Lord thou, For
sound. solemn a with harp the upon psaltery; the upon and strings, ten of instrument an Upon
night, every faithfulness thy and morning, the in lovingkindness thy forth shew To
High: Most O name, thy unto praises sing to and , Lord the unto thanks give to thing good a is It
salvation. my him shew and him, satisfy I will life long With
him. honour and him, deliver will I trouble; in him with be will I him: answer will I and me, upon call shall He
name. my known hath he because high, on him set will I him: deliver I will therefore me, upon love his set hath he Because
feet. under trample thou shalt dragon the and lion young the adder: and lion the upon tread shalt Thou
stone. a against foot thy dash thou lest hands, their in up thee bear shall They
ways. thy all in thee keep to thee, over charge angels his give shall he For
dwelling. thy nigh come plague any shall neither thee, befall evil no shall There
habitation; thy High, most the even refuge, my is which , Lord the made hast thou Because
wicked. the of reward the see and behold thou shalt eyes thine with Only
thee. nigh come not shall it but hand; right thy at thousand ten and side, thy at fall shall thousand A
noonday. at wasteth that destruction the for nor darkness; in walketh that pestilence the for Nor
day; by flieth that arrow the for nor night; by terror the for afraid be not shalt Thou
buckler. and shield thy be shall truth his trust: thou shalt wings his under and feathers, his with thee cover shall He
pestilence. noisome the from and fowler, the of snare the from thee deliver shall he Surely
trust. I will him in God; my fortress: my and refuge my is He , Lord the of say will I
Almighty. the of shadow the under abide shall High most the of place secret the in dwelleth that He
it. thou establish hands our of work the yea, us; upon hands our of work the thou establish and us: upon be God our Lord the of beauty the let And
children. their unto glory thy and servants, thy unto appear work thy Let
evil. seen have we wherein years the and us, afflicted hast thou wherein days the to according glad us Make
days. our all glad be and rejoice may we that mercy; thy with early us satisfy O
servants. thy concerning thee repent it let and long? how , Lord O Return,
wisdom. unto hearts our apply may we that days, our number to us teach So
wrath. thy is so fear, thy to according even anger? thine of power the knoweth Who
away. fly we and off, cut soon is it for sorrow; and labour strength their is yet years, fourscore be they strength of reason by if and ten; and years threescore are years our of days The
told. is that tale a as years our spend we wrath: thy in away passed are days our all For
countenance. thy of light the in sins secret our thee, before iniquities our set hast Thou
troubled. we are wrath thy by and anger, thine by consumed are we For
withereth. and down, cut is it evening the in up; groweth and flourisheth, it morning the In
up. groweth which grass like are they morning the in sleep: a as are they flood; a with as away them carriest Thou
night. the in watch a as and past, is it when yesterday as but are sight thy in years thousand a For
men. of children ye Return, sayest, and destruction; to man turnest Thou
God. art thou everlasting, to everlasting from even world, the and earth the formed hadst thou ever or forth, brought were mountains the Before
generations. all in place dwelling our been hast thou Lord,
Amen. and Amen, evermore. for Lord the be Blessed
anointed. thine of footsteps the reproached have they wherewith ; Lord O reproached, have enemies thine Wherewith
people; mighty the all of reproach the bosom my in bear do I how servants; thy of reproach the Lord, Remember,
truth? thy in David unto swarest thou which lovingkindnesses, former thy are where Lord,
Selah. grave? the of hand the from soul his deliver he shall death? see not shall and liveth, that he is man What
vain? in men all made thou hast wherefore is: time my short how Remember
fire? like burn wrath thy shall ever? for thyself hide thou wilt ? Lord long, How
Selah. shame. with him covered hast thou shortened: thou hast youth his of days The
ground. the to down throne his cast and cease, to glory his made hast Thou
battle. the in stand to him made not hast and sword, his of edge the turned also hast Thou
rejoice. to enemies his all made hast thou adversaries; his of hand right the up set hast Thou
neighbours. his to reproach a is he him: spoil way the by pass that All
ruin. to holds strong his brought hast thou hedges; his all down broken hast Thou
ground. the to it casting by crown his profaned hast thou servant: thy of covenant the void made hast Thou
anointed. thine with wroth been hast thou abhorred, and off cast hast thou But
Selah. heaven. in witness faithful a as and moon, the as ever for established be shall It
me. before sun the as throne his and ever, for endure shall seed His
David. unto lie not will I that holiness my by sworn I have Once
lips. my of out gone is that thing the alter nor break, not I will covenant My
fail. to faithfulness my suffer nor him, from take utterly not I will lovingkindness my Nevertheless
stripes. with iniquity their and rod, the with transgression their visit I will Then
commandments; my not keep and statutes, my break they If
judgments; my in not walk and law, my forsake children his If
heaven. of days the as throne his and ever, for endure to make I will also seed His
him. with fast stand shall covenant my and evermore, for him for keep I will mercy My
earth. the of kings the than higher firstborn, my him make will I Also
salvation. my of rock the and God, my father, my art Thou me, unto cry shall He
rivers. the in hand right his and sea, the in also hand his set will I
exalted. be horn his shall name my in and him: with be shall mercy my and faithfulness my But
him. hate that them plague and face, his before foes his down beat will I And
him. afflict wickedness of son the nor him; upon exact not shall enemy The
him. strengthen shall also arm mine established: be shall hand my whom With
him: anointed I have oil holy my with servant; my David found have I
people. the of out chosen one exalted have I mighty; is that one upon help laid have I saidst, and one, holy thy to vision in spakest thou Then
king. our is Israel of One Holy the and defence; our is Lord the For
exalted. be shall horn our favour thy in and strength: their of glory the art thou For
exalted. be they shall righteousness thy in and day: the all rejoice they shall name thy In
countenance. thy of light the in , Lord O walk, shall they sound: joyful the know that people the is Blessed
face. thy before go shall truth and mercy throne: thy of habitation the are judgment and Justice
hand. right thy is high and hand, thy is strong arm: mighty a hast Thou
name. thy in rejoice shall Hermon and Tabor them: created hast thou south the and north The
them. founded hast thou thereof, fulness the and world the for as thine: is also earth the thine, are heavens The
arm. strong thy with enemies thine scattered hast thou slain; is that one as pieces, in Rahab broken hast Thou
them. stillest thou arise, thereof waves the when sea: the of raging the rulest Thou
thee? about round faithfulness thy to or thee? unto like Lord strong a is who hosts, of God Lord O
him. about are that them all of reverence in had be to and saints, the of assembly the in feared be to greatly is God
? Lord the unto likened be can mighty the of sons the among who ? Lord the unto compared be can heaven the in who For
saints. the of congregation the in also faithfulness thy : Lord O wonders, thy praise shall heavens the And
Selah. generations. all to throne thy up build and ever, for establish I will seed Thy
servant, my David unto sworn have I chosen, my with covenant a made have I
heavens. very the in establish thou shalt faithfulness thy ever: for up built be shall Mercy said, have I For
generations. all to faithfulness thy known make I will mouth my with ever: for Lord the of mercies the of sing will I
darkness. into acquaintance mine and me, from far put thou hast friend and Lover
together. about me compassed they water; like daily me about round came They
off. me cut have terrors thy me; over goeth wrath fierce Thy
distracted. am I terrors thy suffer I while up: youth my from die to ready and afflicted am I
me? from face thy thou hidest why soul? my off thou castest why , Lord
thee. prevent prayer my shall morning the in and ; Lord O cried, I have thee unto But
forgetfulness? of land the in righteousness thy and dark? the in known be wonders thy Shall
destruction? in faithfulness thy or grave? the in declared be lovingkindness thy Shall
Selah. thee? praise and arise dead the shall dead? the to wonders shew thou Wilt
thee. unto hands my out stretched have I thee, upon daily called have I , Lord affliction: of reason by mourneth eye Mine
forth. come cannot I and up, shut am I them: unto abomination an me made hast thou me; from far acquaintance mine away put hast Thou
Selah. waves. thy all with me afflicted hast thou and me, upon hard lieth wrath Thy
deeps. the in darkness, in pit, lowest the in me laid hast Thou
hand. thy from off cut are they and more: no rememberest thou whom grave, the in lie that slain the like dead, the among Free
strength: no hath that man a as am I pit: the into down go that them with counted am I
grave. the unto nigh draweth life my and troubles: of full is soul my For
cry; my unto ear thine incline thee: before come prayer my Let
thee: before night and day cried have I salvation, my of God lord O
thee. in are springs my all there: be shall instruments on players the as singers the well As
Selah. there. born was man this that people, the up writeth he when count, shall Lord The
her. establish shall himself highest the and her: in born was man that and This said, be shall it Zion of And
there. born was man this Ethiopia; with Tyre, and Philistia, behold me: know that them to Babylon and Rahab of mention make will I
Selah. God. of city O thee, of spoken are things Glorious
Jacob. of dwellings the all than more Zion of gates the loveth Lord The
mountains. holy the in is foundation His
me. comforted and me, holpen hast , Lord thou, because ashamed: be and it, see may me hate which they that good; for token a me Shew
handmaid. thine of son the save and servant, thy unto strength thy give me; upon mercy have and me, unto turn O
truth. and mercy in plenteous and suffering, long gracious, and compassion, of full God a art Lord, O thou, But
them. before thee set not have and soul; my after sought have men violent of assemblies the and me, against risen are proud the God, O
hell. lowest the from soul my delivered hast thou and me: toward mercy thy is great For
evermore. for name thy glorify will I and heart: my all with God, my Lord O thee, praise will I
name. thy fear to heart my unite truth: thy in walk will I ; Lord O way, thy me Teach
alone. God art thou things: wondrous doest and great, art thou For
name. thy glorify shall and Lord; O thee, before worship and come shall made hast thou whom nations All
works. thy unto like works any there are neither Lord; O thee, unto like none is there gods the Among
me. answer wilt thou for thee: upon call will I trouble my of day the In
supplications. my of voice the to attend and prayer; my unto , Lord O ear, Give
thee. upon call that them all unto mercy in plenteous and forgive; to ready and good, art Lord, thou, For
soul. my up lift I do Lord, O thee, unto for servant: thy of soul the Rejoice
daily. thee unto cry I for Lord: O me, unto merciful Be
thee. in trusteth that servant thy save God, my thou O holy: am I for soul; my Preserve
needy. and poor am I for me: hear , Lord O ear, thine down Bow
steps. his of way the in us set shall and him; before go shall Righteousness
increase. her yield shall land our and good; is which that give shall Lord the Yea,
heaven. from down look shall righteousness and earth; the of out spring shall Truth
other. each kissed have peace and righteousness together; met are truth and Mercy
land. our in dwell may glory that him; fear that them nigh is salvation his Surely
folly. to again turn not them let but saints: his to and people, his unto peace speak will he for speak: will Lord the God what hear will I
salvation. thy us grant and , Lord O mercy, thy us Shew
thee? in rejoice may people thy that again: us revive not thou Wilt
generations? all to anger thine out draw thou wilt ever? for us with angry be thou Wilt
cease. to us toward anger thine cause and salvation, our of God O us, Turn
anger. thine of fierceness the from thyself turned hast thou wrath: thy all away taken hast Thou
Selah. sin. their all covered hast thou people, thy of iniquity the forgiven hast Thou
Jacob. of captivity the back brought hast thou land: thy unto favourable been hast thou Lord,
thee. in trusteth that man the is blessed hosts, of Lord O
uprightly. walk that them from withhold he will thing good no glory: and grace give will Lord the shield: and sun a is God Lord the For
wickedness. of tents the in dwell to than God, my of house the in doorkeeper a be rather had I thousand. a than better is courts thy in day a For
anointed. thine of face the upon look and shield, our God O Behold,
Selah. Jacob. of God O ear, give prayer: my hear hosts, of God Lord O
God. before appeareth Zion in them of one every strength, to strength from go They
pools. the filleth also rain the well; a it make Baca of valley the through passing Who
them. of ways the are heart whose in thee; in is strength whose man the is Blessed
Selah. thee. praising still be will they house: thy in dwell that they are Blessed
God. my and King, my hosts, of Lord O altars, thine even young, her lay may she where herself, for nest a swallow the and house, an found hath sparrow the Yea,
God. living the for out crieth flesh my and heart my : Lord the of courts the for fainteth even yea, longeth, soul My
hosts! of Lord O tabernacles, thy are amiable How
earth. the all over high most the art , Jehovah is alone name whose thou, that know may men That
perish: and shame, to put be them let yea, ever; for troubled and confounded be them Let
. Lord O name, thy seek may they that shame; with faces their Fill
storm. thy with afraid them make and tempest, thy with them persecute So
fire; on mountains the setteth flame the as and wood, a burneth fire the As
wind. the before stubble the as wheel; a like them make God, my O
possession. in God of houses the ourselves to take us Let said, Who
Zalmunna: as and Zebah, as princes their all yea, Zeeb: like and Oreb, like nobles their Make
earth. the for dung as became they Endor: at perished Which
Kison: of brook the at Jabin, to as Sisera, to as Midianites; the unto as them unto Do
Selah. Lot. of children the holpen have they them: with joined is also Assur
Tyre; of inhabitants the with Philistines the Amalek; and Ammon, and Gebal,
Hagarenes; the and Moab, of Ishmaelites; the and Edom, of tabernacles The
thee: against confederate are they consent: one with together consulted have they For
remembrance. in more no be may Israel of name the that nation; a being from off them cut us let and Come, said, have They
ones. hidden thy against consulted and people, thy against counsel crafty taken have They
head. the up lifted have thee hate that they and tumult: a make enemies thine lo, For,
God. O still, not be and peace, thy not hold God: O silence, thou not Keep
nations. all inherit shalt thou for earth: the judge God, O Arise,
princes. the of one like fall and men, like die shall ye But
High. most the of children are you of all and gods; are Ye said, have I
course. of out are earth the of foundations the all darkness: in on walk they understand; they will neither not, know They
wicked. the of hand the of out them rid needy: and poor the Deliver
needy. and afflicted the to justice do fatherless: and poor the Defend
Selah. wicked? the of persons the accept and unjustly, judge ye will long How
gods. the among judgeth he mighty; the of congregation the in standeth God
thee. satisfied have I should rock the of out honey with and wheat: the of finest the with also them fed have should He
ever. for endured have should time their but him: unto themselves submitted have should Lord the of haters The
adversaries. their against hand my turned and enemies, their subdued have soon should I
ways! my in walked had Israel and me, unto hearkened had people my that Oh
counsels. own their in walked they and lust: hearts' own their unto up them gave I So
me. of none would Israel and voice; my to hearken not would people my But
it. fill will I and wide, mouth thy open Egypt: of land the of out thee brought which God, thy Lord the am I
god. strange any worship thou shalt neither thee; in be god strange no shall There
me; unto hearken wilt thou if Israel, O thee: unto testify will I and people, my O Hear,
Selah. Meribah. of waters the at thee proved I thunder: of place secret the in thee answered I thee; delivered I and trouble, in calledst Thou
pots. the from delivered were hands his burden: the from shoulder his removed I
not. understood I that language a heard I where Egypt: of land the through out went he when testimony, a for Joseph in ordained he This
Jacob. of God the of law a and Israel, for statute a was this For
day. feast solemn our on appointed, time the in moon, new the in trumpet the up Blow
psaltery. the with harp pleasant the timbrel, the hither bring and psalm, a Take
Jacob. of God the unto noise joyful a make strength: our God unto aloud Sing
saved. be shall we and shine; to face thy cause hosts, of God Lord O again, us Turn
name. thy upon call will we and us, quicken thee: from back go we not will So
thyself. for strong madest thou whom man of son the upon hand, right thy of man the upon be hand thy Let
countenance. thy of rebuke the at perish they down: cut is it fire, with burned is It
thyself. for strong madest thou that branch the and planted, hath hand right thy which vineyard the And
vine; this visit and behold, and heaven, from down look hosts: of God O thee, beseech we Return,
it. devour doth field the of beast wild the and it, waste doth wood the of out boar The
her? pluck do way the by pass which they all that so hedges, her down broken then thou hast Why
river. the unto branches her and sea, the unto boughs her out sent She
cedars. goodly the like were thereof boughs the and it, of shadow the with covered were hills The
land. the filled it and root, deep take to it cause didst and it, before room preparedst Thou
it. planted and heathen, the out cast hast thou Egypt: of out vine a brought hast Thou
saved. be shall we and shine; to face thy cause and hosts, of God O again, us Turn
themselves. among laugh enemies our and neighbours: our unto strife a us makest Thou
measure. great in drink to tears them givest and tears; of bread the with them feedest Thou
people? thy of prayer the against angry be thou wilt long how hosts, of God Lord O
saved. be shall we and shine; to face thy cause and God, O again, us Turn
us. save and come and strength, thy up stir Manasseh and Benjamin and Ephraim Before
forth. shine cherubims, the between dwellest that thou flock; a like Joseph leadest that thou Israel, of Shepherd O ear, Give
generations. all to praise thy forth shew will we ever: for thanks thee give will pasture thy of sheep and people thy we So
Lord. O thee, reproached have they wherewith reproach, their bosom their into sevenfold neighbours our unto render And
die; to appointed are that those thou preserve power thy of greatness the to according thee; before come prisoner the of sighing the Let
shed. is which servants thy of blood the of revenging the by sight our in heathen the among known be him let God? their is Where say, heathen the should Wherefore
sake. name's thy for sins, our away purge and us, deliver and name: thy of glory the for salvation, our of God O us, Help
low. very brought are we for us: prevent speedily mercies tender thy let iniquities: former us against not remember O
place. dwelling his waste laid and Jacob, devoured have they For
name. thy upon called not have that kingdoms the upon and thee, known not have that heathen the upon wrath thy out Pour
fire? like burn jealousy thy shall ever? for angry be thou wilt ? Lord long, How
us. about round are that them to derision and scorn a neighbours, our to reproach a become are We
them. bury to none was there and Jerusalem; about round water like shed they have blood Their
earth. the of beasts the unto saints thy of flesh the heaven, the of fowls the unto meat be to given they have servants thy of bodies dead The
heaps. on Jerusalem laid have they defiled; they have temple holy thy inheritance; thine into come are heathen the god, O
hands. his of skilfulness the by them guided and heart; his of integrity the to according them fed he So
inheritance. his Israel and people, his Jacob feed to him brought he young with great ewes the following From
sheepfolds: the from him took and servant, his also David chose He
ever. for established hath he which earth the like palaces, high like sanctuary his built he And
loved. he which Zion mount the Judah, of tribe the chose But
Ephraim: of tribe the not chose and Joseph, of tabernacle the refused he Moreover
reproach. perpetual a to them put he parts: hinder the in enemies his smote he And
wine. of reason by shouteth that man mighty a like and sleep, of out one as awaked Lord the Then
lamentation. no made widows their and sword; the by fell priests Their
marriage. to given not were maidens their and men; young their consumed fire The
inheritance. his with wroth was and sword; the unto also over people his gave He
hand. enemy's the into glory his and captivity, into strength his delivered And
men; among placed he which tent the Shiloh, of tabernacle the forsook he that So
Israel: abhorred greatly and wroth, was he this, heard God When
images. graven their with jealousy to him moved and places, high their with anger to him provoked they For
bow. deceitful a like aside turned were they fathers: their like unfaithfully dealt and back, turned But
testimonies: his not kept and God, high most the provoked and tempted they Yet
tents. their in dwell to Israel of tribes the made and line, by inheritance an them divided and them, before also heathen the out cast He
purchased. had hand right his which mountain, this to even sanctuary, his of border the to them brought he And
enemies. their overwhelmed sea the but not: feared they that so safely, on them led he And
flock. a like wilderness the in them guided and sheep, like forth go to people own his made But
Ham: of tabernacles the in strength their of chief the Egypt; in firstborn the all smote And
pestilence; the to over life their gave but death, from soul their not spared he anger; his to way a made He
them. among angels evil sending by trouble, and indignation, and wrath, anger, his of fierceness the them upon cast He
thunderbolts. hot to flocks their and hail, the to also cattle their up gave He
frost. with trees sycomore their and hail, with vines their destroyed He
locust. the unto labour their and caterpiller, the unto increase their also gave He
them. destroyed which frogs, and them; devoured which them, among flies of sorts divers sent He
drink. not could they that floods, their and blood; into rivers their turned had And
Zoan. of field the in wonders his and Egypt, in signs his wrought had he How
enemy. the from them delivered he when day the nor hand, his not remembered They
Israel. of One Holy the limited and God, tempted and back turned they Yea,
desert! the in him grieve and wilderness, the in him provoke they did oft How
again. not cometh and away, passeth that wind a flesh; but were they that remembered he For
wrath. his all up stir not did and away, anger his he turned time a many yea, not: them destroyed and iniquity, their forgave compassion, of full being he, But
covenant. his in stedfast they were neither him, with right not was heart their For
tongues. their with him unto lied they and mouth, their with him flatter did they Nevertheless
redeemer. their God high the and rock, their was God that remembered they And
God. after early enquired and returned they and him: sought they then them, slew he When
trouble. in years their and vanity, in consume he did days their Therefore
works. wondrous his for not believed and still, sinned they this all For
Israel. of men chosen the down smote and them, of fattest the slew and them, upon came God of wrath The
mouths, their in yet was meat their while But lust. their from estranged not were They
desire; own their them gave he for filled: well were and eat, did they So
habitations. their about round camp, their of midst the in fall it let he And
sea: the of sand the as like fowls feathered and dust, as them upon also flesh rained He
wind. south the in brought he power his by and heaven: the in blow to wind east an caused He
full. the to meat them sent he food: angels' eat did Man
heaven. of corn the of them given had and eat, to them upon manna down rained had And
heaven, of doors the opened and above, from clouds the commanded had he Though
salvation: his in not trusted and God, in not believed they Because
Israel; against up came also anger and Jacob, against kindled was fire a so wroth: was and this, heard Lord the Therefore
people? his for flesh provide he can also? bread give he can overflowed; streams the and out, gushed waters the that rock, the smote he Behold,
wilderness? the in table a furnish God Can said, they God; against spake they Yea,
lust. their for meat asking by heart their in God tempted they And
wilderness. the in High most the provoking by him against more yet sinned they And
rivers. like down run to waters caused and rock, the of out also streams brought He
depths. great the of out as drink them gave and wilderness, the in rocks the clave He
fire. of light a with night the all and cloud, a with them led he also daytime the In
heap. an as stand to waters the made he and through; pass to them caused and sea, the divided He
Zoan. of field the in Egypt, of land the in fathers, their of sight the in he did things Marvellous
them. shewed had he that wonders his and works, his forgat And
law; his in walk to refused and God, of covenant the not kept They
battle. of day the in back turned bows, carrying and armed, being Ephraim, of children The
God. with stedfast not was spirit whose and aright, heart their not set that generation a generation; rebellious and stubborn a fathers, their as be not might And
commandments: his keep but God, of works the forget not and God, in hope their set might they That
children: their to them declare and arise should who born; be should which children the even them, know might come to generation the That
children: their to known them make should they that fathers, our commanded he which Israel, in law a appointed and Jacob, in testimony a established he For
done. hath he that works wonderful his and strength, his and , Lord the of praises the come to generation the to shewing children, their from them hide not will We
us. told have fathers our and known, and heard have we Which
old: of sayings dark utter will I parable: a in mouth my open will I
mouth. my of words the to ears your incline law: my to people, my O ear, Give
Aaron. and Moses of hand the by flock a like people thy leddest Thou
known. not are footsteps thy and waters, great the in path thy and sea, the in is way Thy
shook. and trembled earth the world: the lightened lightnings the heaven: the in was thunder thy of voice The
abroad. went also arrows thine sound: a out sent skies the water: out poured clouds The
troubled. were also depths the afraid: were they thee; saw waters the God, O thee, saw waters The
Selah. Joseph. and Jacob of sons the people, thy redeemed arm thine with hast Thou
people. the among strength thy declared hast thou wonders: doest that God the art Thou
God? our as God a great so is who sanctuary: the in is God, O way, Thy
doings. thy of talk and work, thy all of also meditate will I
old. of wonders thy remember will I surely : Lord the of works the remember will I
High. most the of hand right the of years the remember will I but infirmity: my is This said, I And
Selah. mercies? tender his up shut anger in he hath gracious? be to forgotten God Hath
evermore? for fail promise his doth ever? for gone clean mercy his Is
more? no favourable be he will and ever? for off cast Lord the Will
search. diligent made spirit my and heart: own mine with commune I night: the in song my remembrance to call I
times. ancient of years the old, of days the considered have I
speak. cannot I that troubled so am I waking: eyes mine holdest Thou
Selah. overwhelmed. was spirit my and complained, I troubled: was and God, remembered I
comforted. be to refused soul my not: ceased and night, the in ran sore my Lord: the sought I trouble my of day the In
me. unto ear gave he and voice; my with God unto even voice, my with God unto cried I
earth. the of kings the to terrible is he princes: of spirit the off cut shall He
feared. be to ought that him unto presents bring him about round be that all let God: your Lord the unto pay and Vow,
restrain. thou shalt wrath of remainder the thee: praise shall man of wrath the Surely
Selah. earth. the of meek the all save to judgment, to arose God When
still, was and feared, earth the heaven; from heard be to judgment cause didst Thou
angry? art thou once when sight thy in stand may who and feared: be to art thou, even Thou,
sleep. dead a into cast are horse and chariot the both Jacob, of God O rebuke, thy At
hands. their found have might of men the of none and sleep: their slept have they spoiled, are stouthearted The
prey. of mountains the than excellent and glorious more art Thou
Selah. battle. the and sword, the and shield, the bow, the of arrows the he brake There
Zion. in place dwelling his and tabernacle, his is also Salem In
Israel. in great is name his known: God is Judah In
exalted. be shall righteous the of horns the but off; cut I will also wicked the of horns the All
Jacob. of God the to praises sing will I ever; for declare will I But
them. drink and out, them wring shall earth the of wicked the all thereof, dregs the but same: the of out poureth he and mixture; of full is it red; is wine the and cup, a is there Lord the of hand the in For
another. up setteth and one, down putteth he judge: the is God But
south. the from nor west, the from nor east, the from neither cometh promotion For
neck. stiff a with not speak high: on horn your up not Lift
horn: the up not Lift wicked, the to and foolishly: not Deal fools, the unto said I
Selah. it. of pillars the up bear I dissolved: are thereof inhabitants the all and earth The
uprightly. judge will I congregation the receive shall I When
declare. works wondrous thy near is name thy that for thanks: give we do thee unto thanks, give we do God, O thee, Unto
continually. increaseth thee against up rise that those of tumult the enemies: thine of voice the not Forget
daily. thee reproacheth man foolish the how remember cause: own thine plead God, O Arise,
name. thy praise needy and poor the let ashamed: return oppressed the not let O
cruelty. of habitations the of full are earth the of places dark the for covenant: the unto respect Have
ever. for poor thy of congregation the not forget wicked: the of multitude the unto turtledove thy of soul the not deliver O
name. thy blasphemed have people foolish the that and , Lord O reproached, hath enemy the that this, Remember
winter. and summer made hast thou earth: the of borders the all set hast Thou
sun. the and light the prepared hast thou thine: is also night the thine, is day The
rivers. mighty up driedst thou flood: the and fountain the cleave didst Thou
wilderness. the inhabiting people the to meat be to him gavest and pieces, in leviathan of heads the brakest Thou
waters. the in dragons the of heads the brakest thou strength: thy by sea the divide didst Thou
earth. the of midst the in salvation working old, of King my is God For
bosom. thy of out it pluck hand? right thy even hand, thy thou withdrawest Why
ever? for name thy blaspheme enemy the shall reproach? adversary the shall long how God, O
long. how knoweth that any us among there is neither prophet: any more no is there signs: our not see We
land. the in God of synagogues the all up burned have they together: them destroy us Let hearts, their in said They
ground. the to name thy of place dwelling the down casting by defiled have they sanctuary, thy into fire cast have They
hammers. and axes with once at thereof work carved the down break they now But
trees. thick the upon axes up lifted had he as according famous was man A
signs. for ensigns their up set they congregations; thy of midst the in roar enemies Thine
sanctuary. the in wickedly done hath enemy the that all even desolations; perpetual the unto feet thy up Lift
dwelt. hast thou wherein Zion, mount this redeemed; hast thou which inheritance, thine of rod the old; of purchased hast thou which congregation, thy Remember
pasture? thy of sheep the against smoke anger thine doth why ever? for off us cast thou hast why God, O
works. thy all declare may I that , God Lord the in trust my put have I God: to near draw to me for good is it But
thee. from whoring a go that them all destroyed hast thou perish: shall thee from far are that they lo, For,
ever. for portion my and heart, my of strength the is God but faileth: heart my and flesh My
thee. beside desire I that earth upon none is there and thee? but heaven in I have Whom
glory. to me receive afterward and counsel, thy with me guide shalt Thou
hand. right my by me holden hast thou thee: with continually am I Nevertheless
thee. before beast a as was I ignorant: and I, was foolish So
reins. my in pricked was I and grieved, was heart my Thus
image. their despise shalt thou awakest, thou when Lord, O so, awaketh; one when dream a As
terrors. with consumed utterly are they moment! a in as desolation, into brought they are How
destruction. into down them castedst thou places: slippery in them set didst thou Surely
end. their I understood then God; of sanctuary the into went I Until
me; for painful too was it this, know to thought I When
children. thy of generation the against offend should I behold, thus; speak will I say, I If
morning. every chastened and plagued, been I have long day the all For
innocency. in hands my washed and vain, in heart my cleansed have I Verily
riches. in increase they world; the in prosper who ungodly, the are these Behold,
High? most the in knowledge there is and know? God doth How say, they And
them. to out wrung are cup full a of waters and hither: return people his Therefore
earth. the through walketh tongue their and heavens, the against mouth their set They
loftily. speak they oppression: concerning wickedly speak and corrupt, are They
wish. could heart than more have they fatness: with out stand eyes Their
garment. a as them covereth violence chain; a as about them compasseth pride Therefore
men. other like plagued they are neither men; other as trouble in not are They
firm. is strength their but death: their in bands no are there For
wicked. the of prosperity the saw I when foolish, the at envious was I For
slipped. nigh well had steps my gone; almost were feet my me, for as But
heart. clean a of are as such to even Israel, to good is God Truly
ended. are Jesse of son the David of prayers The
Amen. and Amen, glory; his with filled be earth whole the let and ever: for name glorious his be blessed And
things. wondrous doeth only who Israel, of God the God, Lord the be Blessed
blessed. him call shall nations all him: in blessed be shall men and sun: the as long as continued be shall name his ever: for endure shall name His
earth. the of grass like flourish shall city the of they and Lebanon: like shake shall thereof fruit the mountains; the of top the upon earth the in corn of handful an be shall There
praised. be he shall daily and continually; him for made be shall also prayer Sheba: of gold the of given be shall him to and live, shall he And
sight. his in be blood their shall precious and violence: and deceit from soul their redeem shall He
needy. the of souls the save shall and needy, and poor the spare shall He
helper. no hath that him and also, poor the crieth; he when needy the deliver shall he For
him. serve shall nations all him: before down fall shall kings all Yea,
gifts. offer shall Seba and Sheba of kings the presents: bring shall isles the of and Tarshish of kings The
dust. the lick shall enemies his and him; before bow shall wilderness the in dwell that They
earth. the of ends the unto river the from and sea, to sea from also dominion have shall He
endureth. moon the as long so peace of abundance and flourish; righteous the shall days his In
earth. the water that showers as grass: mown the upon rain like down come shall He
generations. all throughout endure, moon and sun the as long as thee fear shall They
oppressor. the pieces in break shall and needy, the of children the save shall he people, the of poor the judge shall He
righteousness. by hills, little the and people, the to peace bring shall mountains The
judgment. with poor thy and righteousness, with people thy judge shall He
son. king's the unto righteousness thy and God, O judgments, thy king the Give
hurt. my seek that shame, unto brought are they for confounded, are they for long: day the all righteousness thy of talk shall also tongue My
redeemed. hast thou which soul, my and thee; unto sing I when rejoice greatly shall lips My
Israel. of One Holy thou O harp, the with sing I will thee unto God: my O truth, thy even psaltery, the with thee praise also will I
side. every on me comfort and greatness, my increase shalt Thou
earth. the of depths the from again up me bring shalt and again, me quicken shalt troubles, sore and great me shewed hast which Thou,
thee! unto like is who God, O things: great done hast who high, very is God, O also, righteousness Thy
come. to is that one every to power thy and generation, this unto strength thy shewed have I until not; me forsake God, O greyheaded, and old am I when also Now
works. wondrous thy declared I have hitherto and youth: my from me taught hast thou God, O
only. thine of even righteousness, thy of mention make will I : God Lord the of strength the in go will I
thereof. numbers the not know I for day; the all salvation thy and righteousness thy forth shew shall mouth My
more. and more thee praise yet will and continually, hope will I But
hurt. my seek that dishonour and reproach with covered be them let soul; my to adversaries are that consumed and confounded be them Let
help. my for haste make God, my O me: from far not be God, O
him. deliver to none is there for him; take and persecute him: forsaken hath God Saying,
together, counsel take soul my for wait lay that they and me; against speak enemies mine For
faileth. strength my when not me forsake age; old of time the in off not me Cast
day. the all honour thy with and praise thy with filled be mouth my Let
refuge. strong my art thou but many; unto wonder a as am I
thee. of continually be shall praise my bowels: mother's my of out me took that he art thou womb: the from up holden been I have thee By
youth. my from trust my art thou : God Lord O hope, my art thou For
man. cruel and unrighteous the of hand the of out wicked, the of hand the of out God, my O me, Deliver
fortress. my and rock my art thou for me; save to commandment given hast thou resort: continually may I whereunto habitation, strong my thou Be
me. save and me, unto ear thine incline escape: to me cause and righteousness, thy in me Deliver
confusion. to put be never me let trust: my put I do , Lord O thee, In
tarrying. no make , Lord O deliverer; my and help my art thou God: O me, unto haste make needy: and poor am I But
magnified. be God Let continually, say salvation thy love as such let and thee: in glad be and rejoice thee seek that those all Let
aha. Aha, say, that shame their of reward a for back turned be them Let
hurt. my desire that confusion, to put and backward, turned be them let soul: my after seek that confounded and ashamed be them Let
. Lord O me, help to haste make me; deliver to God, o haste, Make
therein. dwell shall name his love that they and it: inherit shall servants his of also seed The
possession. in it have and there, dwell may they that Judah: of cities the build will and Zion, save will God For
therein. moveth that thing every and seas, the him, praise earth and heaven the Let
prisoners. his not despiseth and poor, the heareth Lord the For
God. seek that live shall heart your and glad: be and this, see shall humble The
hoofs. and horns hath that bullock or ox an than better Lord the please shall also This
thanksgiving. with him magnify will and song, a with God of name the praise will I
high. on up me set God, O salvation, thy let sorrowful: and poor am I But
righteous. the with written be not and living, the of book the of out blotted be them Let
righteousness. thy into come not them let and iniquity: their unto iniquity Add
wounded. hast thou whom those of grief the to talk they and smitten; hast thou whom him persecute they For
tents. their in dwell none let and desolate; be habitation their Let
them. of hold take anger wrathful thy let and them, upon indignation thine out Pour
shake. to continually loins their make and not; see they that darkened, be eyes their Let
trap. a become it let welfare, their for been have should which that and them: before snare a become table their Let
drink. to vinegar me gave they thirst my in and meat; my for gall also me gave They
none. found I but comforters, for and none; was there but pity, take to some for looked I and heaviness: of full am I and heart; my broken hath Reproach
thee. before all are adversaries mine dishonour: my and shame, my and reproach, my known hast Thou
enemies. mine of because me deliver it: redeem and soul, my unto nigh Draw
speedily. me hear trouble: in am I for servant; thy from face thy not hide And
mercies. tender thy of multitude the to according me unto turn good: is lovingkindness thy for ; Lord O me, Hear
me. upon mouth her shut pit the not let and up, me swallow deep the let neither me, overflow waterflood the not Let
waters. deep the of out and me, hate that them from delivered be me let sink: not me let and mire, the of out me Deliver
salvation. thy of truth the in me, hear mercy thy of multitude the in God, O time: acceptable an in , Lord O thee, unto is prayer my me, for as But
drunkards. the of song the was I and me; against speak gate the in sit that They
them. to proverb a became I and garment; my also sackcloth made I
reproach. my to was that fasting, with soul my chastened and wept, I When
me. upon fallen are thee reproached that them of reproaches the and up; me eaten hath house thine of zeal the For
children. mother's my unto alien an and brethren, my unto stranger a become am I
face. my covered hath shame reproach; borne have I sake thy for Because
Israel. of God O sake, my for confounded be thee seek that those not let sake: my for ashamed be hosts, of God Lord O thee, on wait that them not Let
thee. from hid not are sins my and foolishness; my knowest thou God, O
away. not took I which that restored I then mighty: are wrongfully, enemies mine being me, destroy would that they head: mine of hairs the than more are cause a without me hate that They
God. my for wait I while fail eyes mine dried: is throat my crying: my of weary am I
me. overflow floods the where waters, deep into come am I standing: no is there where mire, deep in sink I
soul. my unto in come are waters the for God; O me, Save
God. be Blessed people. his unto power and strength giveth that he is Israel of God the places: holy thy of out terrible art thou God, O
clouds. the in is strength his and Israel, over is excellency his God: unto strength ye Ascribe
voice. mighty a that and voice, his out send doth he lo, old; of were which heavens, of heavens the upon rideth that him To
Selah: Lord; the unto praises sing O earth; the of kingdoms ye God, unto Sing
God. unto hands her out stretch soon shall Ethiopia Egypt; of out come shall Princes
war. in delight that people the thou scatter silver: of pieces with himself submit one every till people, the of calves the with bulls, the of multitude the spearmen, of company the Rebuke
thee. unto presents bring kings shall Jerusalem at temple thy of Because
us. for wrought hast thou which that God, O strengthen, strength: thy commanded hath God Thy
Naphtali. of princes the and Zebulun, of princes the council, their and Judah of princes the ruler, their with Benjamin little is There
Israel. of fountain the from Lord, the even congregations, the in God ye Bless
timbrels. with playing damsels the were them among after; followed instruments on players the before, went singers The
sanctuary. the in King, my God, my of goings the even God; O goings, thy seen have They
same. the in dogs thy of tongue the and enemies, thine of blood the in dipped be may foot thy That
sea: the of depths the from again people my bring will I Bashan, from again bring will I said, Lord The
trespasses. his in still on goeth as one an such of scalp hairy the and enemies, his of head the wound shall God But
death. from issues the belong Lord the God unto and salvation; of God the is God our is that He
Selah. salvation. our of God the even benefits, with us loadeth daily who Lord, the be Blessed
them. among dwell might God Lord the that also, rebellious the for yea, men; for gifts received hast thou captive: captivity led hast thou high, on ascended hast Thou
place. holy the in Sinai, in as them, among is Lord the angels: of thousands even thousand, twenty are God of chariots The
ever. for it in dwell will Lord the yea, in; dwell to desireth God which hill the is this hills? high ye ye, leap Why
Bashan. of hill the as hill high an Bashan; of hill the as is God of hill The
Salmon. in snow as white was it it, in kings scattered Almighty the When
gold. yellow with feathers her and silver, with covered dove a of wings the as be ye shall yet pots, the among lien have ye Though
spoil. the divided home at tarried that she and apace: flee did armies of Kings
it. published that those of company the was great word: the gave Lord The
poor. the for goodness thy of prepared hast God, O thou, therein: dwelt hath congregation Thy
weary. was it when inheritance, thine confirm didst thou whereby rain, plentiful a send didst God, O Thou,
Israel. of God the God, of presence the at moved was itself Sinai even God: of presence the at dropped also heavens the shook, earth The
Selah: wilderness; the through march didst thou when people, thy before forth wentest thou when God, O
land. dry a in dwell rebellious the but chains: with bound are which those out bringeth he families: in solitary the setteth God
habitation. holy his in God is widows, the of judge a and fatherless, the of father A
him. before rejoice and , Jah name his by heavens the upon rideth that him extol name: his to praises sing God, unto Sing
rejoice. exceedingly them let yea, God: before rejoice them let glad; be righteous the let But
God. of presence the at perish wicked the let so fire, the before melteth wax as away: them drive so away, driven is smoke As
him. before flee him hate that also them let scattered: be enemies his let arise, God Let
him. fear shall earth the of ends the all and us; bless shall God
us. bless shall God, own our even God, and increase; her yield earth the shall Then
thee. praise people the all let God; O thee, praise people the Let
Selah. earth. upon nations the govern and righteously, people the judge shalt thou for joy: for sing and glad be nations the let O
thee. praise people the all let God; O thee, praise people the Let
nations. all among health saving thy earth, upon known be may way thy That
Selah. us; upon shine to face his cause and us; bless and us, unto merciful be God
me. from mercy his nor prayer, my away turned not hath which God, be Blessed
prayer. my of voice the to attended hath he me; heard hath God verily But
me: hear not will Lord the heart, my in iniquity regard I If
tongue. my with extolled was he and mouth, my with him unto cried I
soul. my for done hath he what declare will I and God, fear that ye all hear, and Come
Selah. goats. with bullocks offer will I rams; of incense the with fatlings, of sacrifices burnt thee unto offer will I
trouble. in was I when spoken, hath mouth my and uttered, have lips my Which
vows, my thee pay will I offerings: burnt with house thy into go will I
place. wealthy a into out us broughtest thou but water: through and fire through went we heads; our over ride to men caused hast Thou
loins. our upon affliction laidst thou net; the into us broughtest Thou
tried. is silver as us, tried hast thou us: proved hast God, O thou, For
moved. be to feet our not suffereth and life, in soul our holdeth Which
heard: be to praise his of voice the make and people, ye God, our bless O
Selah. themselves. exalt rebellious the not let nations: the behold eyes his ever; for power his by ruleth He
him. in rejoice we did there foot: on flood the through went they land: dry into sea the turned He
men. of children the toward doing his in terrible is he God: of works the see and Come
Selah. name. thy to sing shall they thee; unto sing shall and thee, worship shall earth the All
thee. unto themselves submit enemies thine shall power thy of greatness the through works! thy in thou art terrible How God, unto Say
glorious. praise his make name: his of honour the forth Sing
lands: ye all God, unto noise joyful a Make
sing. also they joy, for shout they corn; with over covered are also valleys the flocks; with clothed are pastures The
side. every on rejoice hills little the and wilderness: the of pastures the upon drop They
fatness. drop paths thy and goodness; thy with year the crownest Thou
thereof. springing the blessest thou showers: with soft it makest thou thereof: furrows the settlest thou abundantly: thereof ridges the waterest Thou
it. for provided so hast thou when corn, them preparest thou water: of full is which God, of river the with it enrichest greatly thou it: waterest and earth, the visitest Thou
rejoice. to evening and morning the of outgoings the makest thou tokens: thy at afraid are parts uttermost the in dwell that also They
people. the of tumult the and waves, their of noise the seas, the of noise the stilleth Which
power: with girded being mountains; the fast setteth strength his by Which
sea: the upon off afar are that them of and earth, the of ends the all of confidence the art who salvation; our of God O us, answer thou wilt righteousness in things terrible By
temple. holy thy of even house, thy of goodness the with satisfied be shall we courts: thy in dwell may he that thee, unto approach to causest and choosest, thou whom man the is Blessed
away. them purge shalt thou transgressions, our for as me: against prevail Iniquities
come. flesh all shall thee unto prayer, hearest that thou O
performed. be vow the shall thee unto and Sion: in God, O thee, for waiteth Praise
glory. shall heart in upright the all and him; in trust shall and , Lord the in glad be shall righteous The
doing. his of consider wisely shall they for God; of work the declare shall and fear, shall men all And
away. flee shall them see that all themselves: upon fall to tongue own their make shall they So
wounded. be they shall suddenly arrow; an with them at shoot shall God But
deep. is heart, the and them, of one every of thought inward the both search: diligent a accomplish they iniquities; out search They
them? see shall Who say, they privily; snares laying of commune they matter: evil an in themselves encourage They
not. fear and him, at shoot they do suddenly perfect: the at secret in shoot may they That
words: bitter even arrows, their shoot to bows their bend and sword, a like tongue their whet Who
iniquity: of workers the of insurrection the from wicked; the of counsel secret the from me Hide
enemy. the of fear from life my preserve prayer: my in God, O voice, my Hear
stopped. be shall lies speak that them of mouth the but glory: shall him by sweareth that one every God; in rejoice shall king the But
foxes. for portion a be shall they sword: the by fall shall They
earth. the of parts lower the into go shall it, destroy to soul, my seek that those But
me. upholdeth hand right thy thee: after hard followeth soul My
rejoice. I will wings thy of shadow the in therefore help, my been hast thou Because
watches. night the in thee on meditate and bed, my upon thee remember I When
lips: joyful with thee praise shall mouth my and fatness; and marrow with as satisfied be shall soul My
name. thy in hands my up lift will I live: I while thee bless I will Thus
thee. praise shall lips my life, than better is lovingkindness thy Because
sanctuary. the in thee seen have I as so glory, thy and power thy see To
is; water no where land, thirsty and dry a in thee for longeth flesh my thee, for thirsteth soul my thee: seek I will early God; my art thou God, O
work. his to according man every to renderest thou for mercy: belongeth Lord, O thee, unto Also
God. unto belongeth power that this; heard I have twice once; spoken hath God
them. upon heart your not set increase, riches if robbery: in vain not become and oppression, in not Trust
vanity. than lighter altogether are they balance, the in laid be to lie: a are degree high of men and vanity, are degree low of men Surely
Selah. us. for refuge a is God him: before heart your out pour people, ye times; all at him in Trust
God. in is refuge, my and strength, my of rock the glory: my and salvation my is God In
moved. be not shall I defence; my is he salvation: my and rock my is only He
him. from is expectation my for God; upon only thou wait soul, My
Selah. inwardly. curse they but mouth, their with bless they lies: in delight they excellency: his from down him cast to consult only They
fence. tottering a as and be, ye shall wall bowing a as you: of all slain be shall ye man? a against mischief imagine ye will long How
moved. greatly be not shall I defence; my is he salvation; my and rock my is only He
salvation. my cometh him from God: upon waiteth soul my Truly
vows. my perform daily may I that ever, for name thy unto praise sing I will So
him. preserve may which truth, and mercy prepare O ever: for God before abide shall He
generations. many as years his and life: king's the prolong wilt Thou
name. thy fear that those of heritage the me given hast thou vows: my heard hast God, O thou, For
Selah. wings. thy of covert the in trust will I ever: for tabernacle thy in abide will I
enemy. the from tower strong a and me, for shelter a been hast thou For
I. than higher is that rock the to me lead overwhelmed: is heart my when thee, unto cry I will earth the of end the From
prayer. my unto attend God; O cry, my Hear
enemies. our down tread shall that is it he for valiantly: do shall we God Through
man. of help the is vain for trouble: from help us Give
armies? our with out go not didst which God, O thou, and off? us cast hadst which God, O thou, not Wilt
Edom? into me lead will who city? strong the into me bring will Who
me. of because thou triumph Philistia, shoe: my out cast I will Edom over washpot; my is Moab
lawgiver; my is Judah head; mine of strength the is also Ephraim mine; is Manasseh and mine, is Gilead
Succoth. of valley the out mete and Shechem, divide will I rejoice, will I holiness; his in spoken hath God
me. hear and hand, right thy with save delivered; be may beloved thy That
Selah. truth. the of because displayed be may it that thee, fear that them to banner a given hast Thou
astonishment. of wine the drink to us made hast thou things: hard people thy shewed hast Thou
shaketh. it for thereof; breaches the heal it: broken hast thou tremble; to earth the made hast Thou
again. us to thyself turn O displeased; been hast thou us, scattered hast thou off, us cast hast thou God, O
mercy. my of God the and defence, my is God for sing: I will strength, my O thee, Unto
trouble. my of day the in refuge and defence my been hast thou for morning: the in mercy thy of aloud sing will I yea, power; thy of sing will I But
satisfied. not be they if grudge and meat, for down and up wander them Let
city. the about round go and dog, a like noise a make them let and return; them let evening at And
Selah. earth. the of ends the unto Jacob in ruleth God that know them let and be: not may they that them, consume wrath, in them Consume
speak. they which lying and cursing for and pride: their in taken be even them let lips their of words the and mouth their of sin the For
shield. our Lord O down, them bring and power; thy by them scatter forget: people my lest not, them Slay
enemies. mine upon desire my see me let shall God me: prevent shall mercy my of God The
defence. my is God for thee: upon wait I will strength his of Because
derision. in heathen the all have shalt thou them; at laugh shalt , Lord O thou, But
hear? doth they, say who, for lips: their in are swords mouth: their with out belch they Behold,
city. the about round go and dog, a like noise a make they evening: at return They
Selah. transgressors. wicked any to merciful not be heathen: the all visit to awake Israel, of God the hosts, of God Lord O therefore, Thou
behold. and me, help to awake fault: my without themselves prepare and run They
. Lord O sin, my for nor transgression, my for not me; against gathered are mighty the soul: my for wait in lie they lo, For,
men. bloody from me save and iniquity, of workers the from me Deliver
me. against up rise that them from me defend God: my O enemies, mine from me Deliver
earth. the in judgeth that God a is he verily righteous: the for reward a is there Verily say, shall man a that So
wicked. the of blood the in feet his wash shall he vengeance: the seeth he when rejoice shall righteous The
wrath. his in and living, both whirlwind, a with as away them take shall he thorns, the feel can pots your Before
sun. the see not may they that woman, a of birth untimely the like away: pass them of one every let melteth, which snail a As
pieces. in cut as be them let arrows, his shoot to bow his bendeth he when continually: run which waters as away melt them Let
. Lord O lions, young the of teeth great the out break mouth: their in God, O teeth, their Break
wisely. so never charming charmers, of voice the to hearken not will Which
ear; her stoppeth that adder deaf the like are they serpent: a of poison the like is poison Their
lies. speaking born, be they as soon as astray go they womb: the from estranged are wicked The
earth. the in hands your of violence the weigh ye wickedness; work ye heart in Yea,
men? of sons ye O uprightly, judge ye do congregation? O righteousness, speak indeed ye Do
earth. the all above be glory thy let heavens: the above God, O exalted, thou Be
clouds. the unto truth thy and heavens, the unto great is mercy thy For
nations. the among thee unto sing will I people: the among Lord, O thee, praise will I
early. awake will myself I harp: and psaltery awake, glory; my up, Awake
praise. give and sing will I fixed: is heart my God, O fixed, is heart My
Selah. themselves. fallen are they whereof midst the into me, before pit a digged have they down: bowed is soul my steps; my for net a prepared have They
earth. the all above be glory thy let heavens; the above God, O exalted, thou Be
sword. sharp a tongue their and arrows, and spears are teeth whose men, of sons the even fire, on set are that them among even lie I and lions: among is soul My
truth. his and mercy his forth send shall God Selah. up. me swallow would that him of reproach the from me save and heaven, from send shall He
me. for things all performeth that God unto high; most God unto cry will I
overpast. be calamities these until refuge, my make I will wings thy of shadow the in yea, thee: in trusteth soul my for me: unto merciful be God, O me, unto merciful Be
living? the of light the in God before walk may I that falling, from feet my deliver thou not wilt death: from soul my delivered hast thou For
thee. unto praises render will I God: O me, upon are vows Thy
me. unto do can man what afraid be not will I trust: my put I have God In
word. his praise I will Lord the in word: his praise I will God In
me. for is God for know; I this back: turn enemies mine shall then thee, unto cry I When
book? thy in not they are bottle: thy into tears my thou put wanderings: my tellest Thou
God. O people, the down cast anger thine in iniquity? by escape they Shall
soul. my for wait they when steps, my mark they themselves, hide they together, themselves gather They
evil. for me against are thoughts their all words: my wrest they day Every
me. unto do can flesh what fear not will I trust; my put have I God in word, his praise will I God In
thee. in trust will I afraid, am I time What
High. most thou O me, against fight that many be they for up: me swallow daily would enemies Mine
me. oppresseth daily fighting he up; me swallow would man for God: O me, unto merciful Be
thee. in trust will I but days; their half out live not shall men deceitful and bloody destruction: of pit the into down them bring shalt God, O thou, But
moved. be to righteous the suffer never shall he thee: sustain shall he and , Lord the upon burden thy Cast
swords. drawn they were yet oil, than softer were words his heart: his in was war but butter, than smoother were mouth his of words The
covenant. his broken hath he him: with peace at be as such against hands his forth put hath He
God. not fear they therefore changes, no have they Because Selah. old. of abideth that he even them, afflict and hear, shall God
me. with many were there for me: against was that battle the from peace in soul my delivered hath He
voice. my hear shall he and aloud: cry and pray, I will noon, at and morning, and Evening,
me. save shall Lord the and God; upon call will I me, for As
them. among and dwellings, their in is wickedness for hell: into quick down go them let and them, upon seize death Let
company. in God of house the unto walked and together, counsel sweet took We
acquaintance. mine and guide, my equal, mine man a thou, was it But
him: from myself hid have would I then me; against himself magnify did that me hated that he it was neither it: borne have could I then me; reproached that enemy an not was it For
streets. her from not depart guile and deceit thereof: midst the in is Wickedness
it. of midst the in are sorrow and also mischief thereof: walls the upon it about go they night and Day
city. the in strife and violence seen have I for tongues: their divide and Lord, O Destroy,
tempest. and storm windy the from escape my hasten would I
Selah. wilderness. the in remain and off, far wander I would then Lo,
rest. at be and away, fly I would then for dove! a like wings had I that Oh said, I And
me. overwhelmed hath horror and me, upon come are trembling and Fearfulness
me. upon fallen are death of terrors the and me: within pained sore is heart My
me. hate they wrath in and me, upon iniquity cast they for wicked: the of oppression the of because enemy, the of voice the of Because
noise; a make and complaint, my in mourn I me: hear and me, unto Attend
supplication. my from thyself not hide and God; O prayer, my to ear Give
enemies. mine upon desire his seen hath eye mine and trouble: all of out me delivered hath he For
good. is it for ; Lord O name, thy praise will I thee: unto sacrifice freely will I
truth. thy in off them cut enemies: mine unto evil reward shall He
soul. my uphold that them with is Lord the helper: mine is God Behold,
Selah. them. before God set not have they soul: my after seek oppressors and me, against up risen are strangers For
mouth. my of words the to ear give God; O prayer, my Hear
strength. thy by me judge and name, thy by God, O me, Save
glad. be shall Israel and rejoice, shall Jacob people, his of captivity the back bringeth God When Zion! of out come were Israel of salvation the that Oh
them. despised hath God because shame, to them put hast thou thee: against encampeth that him of bones the scattered hath God for was: fear no where fear, great in they were There
God. upon called not have they bread: eat they as people my up eat who knowledge? no iniquity of workers the Have
one. not no, good, doeth that none is there filthy; become altogether are they back: gone is them of one Every
God. seek did that understand, did that any were there if see to men, of children the upon heaven from down looked God
good. doeth that none is there iniquity: abominable done have and they, are Corrupt God. no is There heart, his in said hath fool The
saints. thy before good is it for name; thy on wait will I and it: done hast thou because ever, for thee praise will I
ever. and ever for God of mercy the in trust I God: of house the in tree olive green a like am I But
wickedness. his in himself strengthened and riches, his of abundance the in trusted but strength; his God not made that man the is this Lo,
him: at laugh shall and fear, and see, shall also righteous The
Selah. living. the of land the of out thee root and place, dwelling thy of out thee pluck and away, thee take shall he ever, for thee destroy likewise shall God
tongue. deceitful thou O words, devouring all lovest Thou
Selah. righteousness. speak to than rather lying and good; than more evil lovest Thou
deceitfully. working razor, sharp a like mischiefs; deviseth tongue The
continually. endureth God of goodness the man? mighty O mischief, in thyself thou boastest Why
altar. thine upon bullocks offer they shall then offering: burnt whole and offering burnt with righteousness, of sacrifices the with pleased be thou shalt Then
Jerusalem. of walls the thou build Zion: unto pleasure good thy in good Do
despise. not wilt thou God, O heart, contrite a and broken a spirit: broken a are God of sacrifices The
offering. burnt in not delightest thou it: give I would else sacrifice; not desirest thou For
praise. thy forth shew shall mouth my and lips; my thou open Lord, O
righteousness. thy of aloud sing shall tongue my and salvation: my of God thou God, O bloodguiltiness, from me Deliver
thee. unto converted be shall sinners and ways; thy transgressors teach I will Then
spirit. free thy with me uphold and salvation; thy of joy the me unto Restore
me. from spirit holy thy not take and presence; thy from away not me Cast
me. within spirit right a renew and God; O heart, clean a me in Create
iniquities. mine all out blot and sins, my from face thy Hide
rejoice. may broken hast thou which bones the that gladness; and joy hear to me Make
snow. than whiter be shall I and me, wash clean: be shall I and hyssop, with me Purge
wisdom. know to me make shalt thou part hidden the in and parts: inward the in truth desirest thou Behold,
me. conceive mother my did sin in and iniquity; in shapen was I Behold,
judgest. thou when clear be and speakest, thou when justified be mightest thou that sight: thy in evil this done and sinned, I have only, thee thee, Against
me. before ever is sin my and transgressions: my acknowledge I For
sin. my from me cleanse and iniquity, mine from throughly me Wash
transgressions. my out blot mercies tender thy of multitude the unto according lovingkindness: thy to according God, O me, upon mercy Have
God. of salvation the shew I will aright conversation his ordereth that him to and me: glorifieth praise offereth Whoso
deliver. to none be there and pieces, in you tear I lest God, forget that ye this, consider Now
eyes. thine before order in them set and thee, reprove will I but thyself: as one an such altogether was I that thoughtest thou silence; kept I and done, thou hast things These
son. mother's own thine slanderest thou brother; thy against speakest and sittest Thou
deceit. frameth tongue thy and evil, to mouth thy givest Thou
adulterers. with partaker been hast and him, with consentedst thou then thief, a sawest thou When
thee. behind words my casteth and instruction, hatest thou Seeing
mouth? thy in covenant my take shouldest thou that or statutes, my declare to do to thou hast What saith, God wicked the unto But
me. glorify shalt thou and thee, deliver will I trouble: of day the in me upon call And
High: most the unto vows thy pay and thanksgiving; God unto Offer
goats? of blood the drink or bulls, of flesh the eat I Will
thereof. fulness the and mine, is world the for thee: tell not would I hungry, were I If
mine. are field the of beasts wild the and mountains: the of fowls the all know I
hills. thousand a upon cattle the and mine, is forest the of beast every For
folds. thy of out goats he nor house, thy of out bullock no take will I
me. before continually been have to offerings, burnt thy or sacrifices thy for thee reprove not will I
God. thy even God, am I thee: against testify will I and Israel, O speak; will I and people, my O Hear,
Selah. himself. judge is God for righteousness: his declare shall heavens the And
sacrifice. by me with covenant a made have that those me; unto together saints my Gather
people. his judge may he that earth, the to and above, from heavens the to call shall He
him. about round tempestuous very be shall it and him, before devour shall fire a silence: keep not shall and come, shall God Our
shined. hath God beauty, of perfection the Zion, of Out
thereof. down going the unto sun the of rising the from earth the called and spoken, hath , Lord the even God, mighty The
perish. that beasts the like is not, understandeth and honour, in is that Man
light. see never shall they fathers; his of generation the to go shall He
thyself. to well doest thou when thee, praise will men and soul: his blessed he lived he while Though
him. after descend not shall glory his away: nothing carry shall he dieth he when For
increased; is house his of glory the when rich, made is one when afraid thou not Be
Selah. me. receive shall he for grave: the of power the from soul my redeem will God But
dwelling. their from grave the in consume shall beauty their and morning; the in them over dominion have shall upright the and them; on feed shall death grave; the in laid are they sheep Like
Selah. sayings. their approve posterity their yet folly: their is way their This
perish. that beasts the like is he not: abideth honour in being man Nevertheless
names. own their after lands their call they generations; all to places dwelling their and ever, for continue shall houses their that is, thought inward Their
others. to wealth their leave and perish, person brutish the and fool the likewise die, men wise that seeth he For
corruption. see not and ever, for live still should he That
ever:) for ceaseth it and precious, is soul their of redemption the (For
him: for ransom a God to give nor brother, his redeem means any by can them of None
riches; their of multitude the in themselves boast and wealth, their in trust that They
about? me compass shall heels my of iniquity the when evil, of days the in fear I should Wherefore
harp. the upon saying dark my open will I parable: a to ear mine incline will I
understanding. of be shall heart my of meditation the and wisdom; of speak shall mouth My
together. poor, and rich high, and low Both
world: the of inhabitants ye all ear, give people; ye all this, Hear
death. unto even guide our be will he ever: and ever for God our is God this For
following. generation the to it tell may ye that palaces; her consider bulwarks, her well ye Mark
thereof. towers the tell her: about round go and Zion, about Walk
judgments. thy of because glad, be Judah of daughters the let rejoice, Zion mount Let
righteousness. of full is hand right thy earth: the of ends the unto praise thy is so God, O name, thy to According
temple. thy of midst the in God, O lovingkindness, thy of thought have We
Selah. ever. for it establish will God God: our of city the in hosts, of Lord the of city the in seen we have so heard, have we As
wind. east an with Tarshish of ships the breakest Thou
travail. in woman a of as pain, and there, them upon hold took Fear
away. hasted and troubled, were they marvelled; they so and it, saw They
together. by passed they assembled, were kings the lo, For,
refuge. a for palaces her in known is God
King. great the of city the north, the of sides the on Zion, mount is earth, whole the of joy the situation, for Beautiful
holiness. his of mountain the in God, our of city the in praised be to greatly and , Lord the is Great
exalted. greatly is he God: unto belong earth the of shields the for Abraham: of God the of people the even together, gathered are people the of princes The
holiness. his of throne the upon sitteth God heathen: the over reigneth God
understanding. with praises ye sing earth: the all of King the is God For
praises. sing King, our unto praises sing praises: sing God, to praises Sing
trumpet. a of sound the with Lord the shout, a with up gone is God
Selah. loved. he whom Jacob of excellency the us, for inheritance our choose shall He
feet. our under nations the and us, under people the subdue shall He
earth. the all over King great a is he terrible; is high most Lord the For
triumph. of voice the with God unto shout people; ye all hands, your clap O
Selah. refuge. our is Jacob of God the us; with is hosts of Lord The
earth. the in exalted be will I heathen, the among exalted be will I God: am I that know and still, Be
fire. the in chariot the burneth he sunder; in spear the cutteth and bow, the breaketh he earth; the of end the unto cease to wars maketh He
earth. the in made hath he desolations what , Lord the of works the behold Come,
Selah. refuge. our is Jacob of God the us; with is hosts of Lord The
melted. earth the voice, his uttered he moved: were kingdoms the raged, heathen The
early. right that and her, help shall God moved: be not shall she her; of midst the in is God
High. most the of tabernacles the of place holy the God, of city the glad make shall whereof streams the river, a is There
Selah. thereof. swelling the with shake mountains the though troubled, be and roar thereof waters the Though
sea; the of midst the into carried be mountains the though and removed, be earth the though fear, we not will Therefore
trouble. in help present very a strength, and refuge our is God
ever. and ever for thee praise people the shall therefore generations: all in remembered be to name thy make will I
earth. the all in princes make mayest thou whom children, thy be shall fathers thy of Instead
palace. king's the into enter shall they brought: be they shall rejoicing and gladness With
thee. unto brought be shall her follow that companions her virgins the needlework: of raiment in king the unto brought be shall She
gold. wrought of is clothing her within: glorious all is daughter king's The
favour. thy intreat shall people the among rich the even gift; a with there be shall Tyre of daughter the And
him. thou worship and Lord; thy is he for beauty: thy desire greatly king the shall So
house; father's thy and people, own thine also forget ear; thine incline and consider, and daughter, O Hearken,
Ophir. of gold in queen the stand did hand right thy upon women: honourable thy among were daughters Kings'
glad. thee made have they whereby palaces, ivory the of out cassia, and aloes, and myrrh, of smell garments thy All
fellows. thy above gladness of oil the with thee anointed hath God, thy God, therefore wickedness: hatest and righteousness, lovest Thou
sceptre. right a is kingdom thy of sceptre the ever: and ever for is God, O throne, Thy
thee. under fall people the whereby enemies; king's the of heart the in sharp are arrows Thine
things. terrible thee teach shall hand right thy and righteousness; and meekness and truth of because prosperously ride majesty thy in And
majesty. thy and glory thy with mighty, most O thigh, thy upon sword thy Gird
ever. for thee blessed hath God therefore lips: thy into poured is grace men: of children the than fairer art Thou
writer. ready a of pen the is tongue my king: the touching made have I which things the of speak I matter: good a inditing is heart My
sake. mercies' thy for us redeem and help, our for Arise
earth. the unto cleaveth belly our dust: the to down bowed is soul our For
oppression? our and affliction our forgettest and face, thy thou hidest Wherefore
ever. for off not us cast arise, Lord? O thou, sleepest why Awake,
slaughter. the for sheep as counted are we long; day the all killed we are sake thy for Yea,
heart. the of secrets the knoweth he for out? this search God not Shall
god; strange a to hands our out stretched or God, our of name the forgotten have we If
death. of shadow the with us covered and dragons, of place the in us broken sore hast thou Though
way; thy from declined steps our have neither back, turned not is heart Our
covenant. thy in falsely dealt we have neither thee, forgotten not we have yet us; upon come is this All
avenger. and enemy the of reason by blasphemeth; and reproacheth that him of voice the For
me, covered hath face my of shame the and me, before continually is confusion My
people. the among head the of shaking a heathen, the among byword a us makest Thou
us. about round are that them to derision a and scorn a neighbours, our to reproach a us makest Thou
price. their by wealth thy increase not dost and nought, for people thy sellest Thou
heathen. the among us scattered hast and meat; for appointed sheep like us given hast Thou
themselves. for spoil us hate which they and enemy: the from back turn to us makest Thou
armies. our with forth not goest and shame; to us put and off, cast hast thou But
Selah. ever. for name thy praise and long, day the all boast we God In
us. hated that shame to them put hast and enemies, our from us saved hast thou But
me. save sword my shall neither bow, my in trust not will I For
us. against up rise that under them tread we will name thy through enemies: our down push we will thee Through
Jacob. for deliverances command God: O King, my art Thou
them. unto favour a hadst thou because countenance, thy of light the and arm, thine and hand, right thy but them: save arm own their did neither sword, own their by possession in land the not got they For
out. them cast and people, the afflict didst thou how them; plantedst and hand, thy with heathen the out drive didst thou How
old. of times the in days, their in didst thou work what us, told have fathers our God, O ears, our with heard have We
God. my and countenance, my of health the is who him, praise yet shall I for God: in hope me? within disquieted thou art why and soul? my O down, cast thou art Why
God. my God O thee, praise I will harp the upon yea, joy: exceeding my God unto God, of altar the unto go I will Then
tabernacles. thy to and hill, holy thy unto me bring them let me; lead them let truth: thy and light thy out send O
enemy? the of oppression the of because mourning I go why off? me cast thou dost why strength: my of God the art thou For
man. unjust and deceitful the from me deliver O nation: ungodly an against cause my plead and God, O me, Judge
God. my and countenance, my of health the is who him, praise yet shall I for God: in thou hope me? within disquieted thou art why and soul? my O down, cast thou art Why
God? thy is Where me, unto daily say they while me; reproach enemies mine bones, my in sword a with As
enemy? the of oppression the of because mourning I go why me? forgotten thou hast Why rock, my God unto say will I
life. my of God the unto prayer my and me, with be shall song his night the in and time, day the in lovingkindness his command will Lord the Yet
me. over gone are billows thy and waves thy all waterspouts: thy of noise the at deep unto calleth Deep
Mizar. hill the from Hermonites, the of and Jordan, of land the from thee remember I will therefore me: within down cast is soul my God, my O
countenance. his of help the for him praise yet shall I for God: in thou hope me? in disquieted thou art why and soul? my O down, cast thou art Why
holyday. kept that multitude a with praise, and joy of voice the with God, of house the to them with went I multitude, the with gone had I for me: in soul my out pour I things, these remember I When
God? thy is Where me, unto say continually they while night, and day meat my been have tears My
God? before appear and come I shall when God: living the for God, for thirsteth soul My
God. O thee, after soul my panteth so brooks, water the after panteth hart the As
Amen. and Amen, everlasting. to and everlasting, from Israel of God Lord the be Blessed
ever. for face thy before me settest and integrity, mine in me upholdest thou me, for as And
me. over triumph not doth enemy mine because me, favourest thou that know I this By
them. requite may I that up, me raise and me, unto merciful be , Lord O thou, But
me. against heel his up lifted hath bread, my of eat did which trusted, I whom in friend, familiar own mine Yea,
more. no up rise shall he lieth he that now and him: unto fast cleaveth they, say disease, evil An
hurt. my devise they do me against me: against together whisper me hate that All
it. telleth he abroad, goeth he when itself; to iniquity gathereth heart his vanity: speaketh he me, see to come he if And
perish? name his and die, he shall When me, of evil speak enemies Mine
thee. against sinned have I for soul; my heal me: unto merciful be , Lord said, I
sickness. his in bed his all make wilt thou languishing: of bed the upon him strengthen will Lord The
enemies. his of will the unto him deliver not wilt thou and earth: the upon blessed be shall he and alive; him keep and him, preserve will Lord The
trouble. of time in him deliver will Lord the poor: the considereth that he is Blessed
God. my O tarrying, no make deliverer; my and help my art thou me: upon thinketh Lord the yet needy; and poor am I But
magnified. be Lord The continually, say salvation thy love as such let thee: in glad be and rejoice thee seek that those all Let
aha. Aha, me, unto say that shame their of reward a for desolate be them Let
evil. me wish that shame to put and backward driven be them let it; destroy to soul my after seek that together confounded and ashamed be them Let
me. help to haste make , Lord O me: deliver to , Lord O pleased, Be
me. faileth heart my therefore head: mine of hairs the than more are they up; look to able not am I that so me, upon hold taken have iniquities mine about: me compassed have evils innumerable For
me. preserve continually truth thy and lovingkindness thy let : Lord O me, from mercies tender thy thou not Withhold
congregation. great the from truth thy and lovingkindness thy concealed not have I salvation: thy and faithfulness thy declared have I heart; my within righteousness thy hid not have I
knowest. thou , Lord O lips, my refrained not have I lo, congregation: great the in righteousness preached have I
heart. my within is law thy yea, God: my O will, thy do to delight I
me, of written is it book the of volume the in come: I Lo, I, said Then
required. not thou hast offering sin and offering burnt opened: thou hast ears mine desire; not didst thou offering and Sacrifice
numbered. be can than more are they them, of speak and declare would I if thee: unto order in up reckoned be cannot they us-ward: to are which thoughts thy and done, hast thou which works wonderful thy are God, my Lord O Many,
lies. to aside turn as such nor proud, the not respecteth and trust, his Lord the maketh that man that is Blessed
. Lord the in trust shall and fear, and it, see shall many God: our unto praise even mouth, my in song new a put hath he And
goings. my established and rock, a upon feet my set and clay, miry the of out pit, horrible an of out also up me brought He
cry. my heard and me, unto inclined he and ; Lord the for patiently waited I
more. no be and hence, go I before strength, recover may I that me, spare O
were. fathers my all as sojourner, a and thee, with stranger a am I for tears: my at peace thy not hold cry; my unto ear give and , Lord O prayer, my Hear
Selah. vanity. is man every surely moth: a like away consume to beauty his makest thou iniquity, for man correct dost rebukes with thou When
hand. thine of blow the by consumed am I me: from away stroke thy Remove
it. didst thou because mouth; my not opened I dumb, was I
foolish. the of reproach the not me make transgressions: my all from me Deliver
thee. in is hope my for? I wait what Lord, now, And
them. gather shall who not knoweth and riches, up heapeth he vain: in disquieted are they surely shew: vain a in walketh man every Surely
Selah. vanity. altogether is state best his at man every verily thee: before nothing as is age mine and handbreadth; an as days my made hast thou Behold,
am. I frail how know may I that is: it what days, my of measure the and end, mine know to me make , Lord
tongue, my with I spake then burned: fire the musing was I while me, within hot was heart My
stirred. was sorrow my and good; from even peace, my held I silence, with dumb was I
me. before is wicked the while bridle, a with mouth my keep will I tongue: my with not sin I that ways, my to heed take will I said, I
salvation. my Lord O me, help to haste Make
me. from far not be God, my O : Lord O not, me Forsake
is. good that thing the follow I because adversaries; mine are good for evil render that also They
multiplied. are wrongfully me hate that they and strong: are they and lively, are enemies mine But
sin. my for sorry be will I iniquity; mine declare will I For
me. before continually is sorrow my and halt, to ready am I For
me. against themselves magnify they slippeth, foot my when me: over rejoice should they otherwise lest me, Hear said, I For
God. my Lord O hear, wilt thou hope: I do , Lord O thee, in For
reproofs. no are mouth whose in and not, heareth that man a as was I Thus
mouth. his not openeth that man dumb a as was I and not; heard man, deaf a as I, But
long. day the all deceits imagine and things, mischievous speak hurt my seek that they and me: for snares lay life my after seek that also They
off. afar stand kinsmen my and sore; my from aloof stand friends my and lovers My
me. from gone is also it eyes, mine of light the for as me: faileth strength my panteth, heart My
thee. from hid not is groaning my and thee; before is desire my all Lord,
heart. my of disquietness the of reason by roared have I broken: sore and feeble am I
flesh. my in soundness no is there and disease: loathsome a with filled are loins my For
long. day the all mourning go I greatly; down bowed am I troubled; am I
foolishness. my of because corrupt are and stink wounds My
me. for heavy too are they burden heavy an as head: mine over gone are iniquities mine For
sin. my of because bones my in rest any there is neither anger; thine of because flesh my in soundness no is There
sore. me presseth hand thy and me, in fast stick arrows thine For
displeasure. hot thy in me chasten neither wrath: thy in not me rebuke Lord, O
him. in trust they because them, save and wicked, the from them deliver shall he them: deliver and them, help shall Lord the And
trouble. of time the in strength their is he : Lord the of is righteous the of salvation the But
off. cut be shall wicked the of end the together: destroyed be shall transgressors the But
peace. is man that of end the for upright: the behold and man, perfect the Mark
found. be not could he but him, sought I yea, not: was he lo, and, away, passed he Yet
tree. bay green a like himself spreading and power, great in wicked the seen have I
it. see shalt thou off, cut are wicked the when land: the inherit to thee exalt shall he and way, his keep and , Lord the on Wait
judged. is he when him condemn nor hand, his in him leave not will Lord The
him. slay to seeketh and righteous, the watcheth wicked The
slide. shall steps his of none heart; his in is God his of law The
judgment. of talketh tongue his and wisdom, speaketh righteous the of mouth The
ever. for therein dwell and land, the inherit shall righteous The
off. cut be shall wicked the of seed the but ever: for preserved are they saints; his not forsaketh and judgment, loveth Lord the For
evermore. for dwell and good; do and evil, from Depart
blessed. is seed his and lendeth; and merciful, ever is He
bread. begging seed his nor forsaken, righteous the seen not I have yet old; am now and young, been have I
hand. his with him upholdeth Lord the for down: cast utterly be not shall he fall, he Though
way. his in delighteth he and : Lord the by ordered are man good a of steps The
off. cut be shall him of cursed be that they and earth; the inherit shall him of blessed be as such For
giveth. and mercy, sheweth righteous the but again: not payeth and borroweth, wicked The
away. consume they shall smoke into consume; shall they lambs: of fat the as be shall Lord the of enemies the and perish, shall wicked the But
satisfied. be shall they famine of days the in and time: evil the in ashamed be not shall They
ever. for be shall inheritance their and upright: the of days the knoweth Lord The
righteous. the upholdeth Lord the but broken: be shall wicked the of arms the For
wicked. many of riches the than better is hath man righteous a that little A
broken. be shall bows their and heart, own their into enter shall sword Their
conversation. upright of be as such slay to and needy, and poor the down cast to bow, their bent have and sword, the out drawn have wicked The
coming. is day his that seeth he for him: at laugh shall Lord The
teeth. his with him upon gnasheth and just, the against plotteth wicked The
peace. of abundance the in themselves delight shall and earth; the inherit shall meek the But
be. not shall it and place, his consider diligently shalt thou yea, be: not shall wicked the and while, little a yet For
earth. the inherit shall they , Lord the upon wait that those but off: cut be shall evildoers For
evil. do to wise any in thyself not fret wrath: forsake and anger, from Cease
pass. to devices wicked bringeth who man the of because way, his in prospereth who him of because thyself not fret him: for patiently wait and , Lord the in Rest
noonday. the as judgment thy and light, the as righteousness thy forth bring shall he And
pass. to it bring shall he and him; in also trust ; Lord the unto way thy Commit
heart. thine of desires the thee give shall he and : Lord the in also thyself Delight
fed. be shalt thou verily and land, the in dwell thou shalt so good; do and , Lord the in Trust
herb. green the as wither and grass, the like down cut be soon shall they For
iniquity. of workers the against envious thou be neither evildoers, of because thyself not Fret
rise. to able be not shall and down, cast are they fallen: iniquity of workers the are There
me. remove wicked the of hand the not let and me, against come pride of foot the not Let
heart. in upright the to righteousness thy and thee; know that them unto lovingkindness thy continue O
light. see we shall light thy in life: of fountain the is thee with For
pleasures. thy of river the of drink them make shalt thou and house; thy of fatness the with satisfied abundantly be shall They
wings. thy of shadow the under trust their put men of children the therefore God! O lovingkindness, thy is excellent How
beast. and man preservest thou , Lord O deep: great a are judgments thy mountains; great the like is righteousness Thy
clouds. the unto reacheth faithfulness thy and heavens; the in is , Lord O mercy, Thy
evil. not abhorreth he good; not is that way a in himself setteth he bed; his upon mischief deviseth He
good. do to and wise, be to off left hath he deceit: and iniquity are mouth his of words The
hateful. be to found be iniquity his until eyes, own his in himself flattereth he For
eyes. his before God of fear no is there that heart, my within saith wicked the of transgression The
long. day the all praise thy of and righteousness thy of speak shall tongue my And
servant. his of prosperity the in pleasure hath which magnified, be Lord the Let continually, say them let yea, cause: righteous my favour that glad, be and joy, for shout them Let
me. against themselves magnify that dishonour and shame with clothed be them let hurt: mine at rejoice that together confusion to brought and ashamed be them Let
up. him swallowed have We say, not them let it: have we would so Ah, hearts, their in say not them Let
me. over rejoice not them let and righteousness; thy to according God, my Lord O me, Judge
Lord. my and God my cause, my unto even judgment, my to awake and thyself, up Stir
me. from far not be Lord, O silence: not keep : Lord O seen, hast thou This
it. seen hath eye our aha, Aha, said, and me, against wide mouth their opened they Yea,
land. the in quiet are that them against matters deceitful devise they but peace: not speak they For
cause. a without me hate that eye the with wink them let neither me: over rejoice wrongfully enemies mine are that them not Let
people. much among thee praise will I congregation: great the in thanks thee give will I
lions. the from darling my destructions, their from soul my rescue on? look thou wilt long how Lord,
teeth. their with me upon gnashed they feasts, in mockers hypocritical With
not: ceased and me, tear did they not; it knew I and me, against together themselves gathered abjects the yea, together: themselves gathered and rejoiced, they adversity mine in But
mother. his for mourneth that one as heavily, down bowed I brother: or friend my been had he though as myself behaved I
bosom. own mine into returned prayer my and fasting; with soul my humbled I sackcloth: was clothing my sick, were they when me, for as But
soul. my of spoiling the to good for evil me rewarded They
not. knew I that things charge my to laid they up; rise did witnesses False
him? spoileth that him from needy the and poor the yea, him, for strong too is that him from poor the deliverest which thee, unto like is who , Lord say, shall bones my All
salvation. his in rejoice shall it : Lord the in joyful be shall soul my And
fall. him let destruction very that into himself: catch hid hath he that net his let and unawares; at him upon come destruction Let
soul. my for digged have they cause without which pit, a in net their me for hid they have cause without For
them. persecute Lord the of angel the let and slippery: and dark be way their Let
them. chase Lord the of angel the let and wind: the before chaff as be them Let
hurt. my devise that confusion to brought and back turned be them let soul: my after seek that shame to put and confounded be them Let
salvation. thy am I soul, my unto say me: persecute that them against way the stop and spear, the also out Draw
help. mine for up stand and buckler, and shield of hold Take
me. against fight that them against fight me: with strive that them with , Lord O cause, my Plead
desolate. be shall him in trust that them of none and servants: his of soul the redeemeth Lord The
desolate. be shall righteous the hate that they and wicked: the slay shall Evil
broken. is them of one not bones: his all keepeth He
all. them of out him delivereth Lord the but righteous: the of afflictions the are Many
spirit. contrite a of be as such saveth and heart; broken a of are that them unto nigh is Lord The
troubles. their all of out them delivereth and heareth, Lord the and cry, righteous The
earth. the from them of remembrance the off cut to evil, do that them against is Lord the of face The
cry. their unto open are ears his and righteous, the upon are Lord the of eyes The
it. pursue and peace, seek good; do and evil, from Depart
guile. speaking from lips thy and evil, from tongue thy Keep
good? see may he that days, many loveth and life, desireth that he is man What
. Lord the of fear the you teach will I me: unto hearken children, ye Come,
thing. good any want not shall Lord the seek that they but hunger: suffer and lack, do lions young The
him. fear that them to want no is there for saints: his ye , Lord the fear O
him. in trusteth that man the is blessed good: is Lord the that see and taste O
them. delivereth and him, fear that them about round encampeth Lord the of angel The
troubles. his all of out him saved and him, heard Lord the and cried, man poor This
ashamed. not were faces their and lightened: were and him, unto looked They
fears. my all from me delivered and me, heard he and , Lord the sought I
together. name his exalt us let and me, with Lord the magnify O
glad. be and thereof, hear shall humble the : Lord the in boast her make shall soul My
mouth. my in be continually shall praise his times: all at Lord the bless will I
thee. in hope we as according us, upon be , Lord O mercy, thy Let
name. holy his in trusted have we because him, in rejoice shall heart our For
shield. our and help our is he : Lord the for waiteth soul Our
famine. in alive them keep to and death, from soul their deliver To
mercy; his in hope that them upon him, fear that them upon is Lord the of eye the Behold,
strength. great his by any deliver he shall neither safety: for thing vain a is horse An
strength. much by delivered not is man mighty a host: an of multitude the by saved king no is There
works. their all considereth he alike; hearts their fashioneth He
earth. the of inhabitants the all upon looketh he habitation his of place the From
men. of sons the all beholdeth he heaven; from looketh Lord The
inheritance. own his for chosen hath he whom people the and ; Lord the is God whose nation the is Blessed
generations. all to heart his of thoughts the ever, for standeth Lord the of counsel The
effect. none of people the of devices the maketh he nought: to heathen the of counsel the bringeth Lord The
fast. stood it and commanded, he done; was it and spake, he For
him. of awe in stand world the of inhabitants the all let : Lord the fear earth the all Let
storehouses. in depth the up layeth he heap: an as together sea the of waters the gathereth He
mouth. his of breath the by them of host the all and made; heavens the were Lord the of word the By
. Lord the of goodness the of full is earth the judgment: and righteousness loveth He
truth. in done are works his all and right; is Lord the of word the For
noise. loud a with skilfully play song; new a him unto Sing
strings. ten of instrument an and psaltery the with him unto sing harp: with Lord the Praise
upright. the for comely is praise for righteous: ye O , Lord the in Rejoice
heart. in upright are that ye all joy, for shout and righteous: ye rejoice, and , Lord the in glad Be
about. him compass shall mercy , Lord the in trusteth that he but wicked: the to be shall sorrows Many
thee. unto near come they lest bridle, and bit with in held be must mouth whose understanding: no have which mule, the as or horse, the as not ye Be
eye. mine with thee guide will I go: shalt thou which way the in thee teach and thee instruct will I
Selah. deliverance. of songs with about me compass shalt thou trouble; from me preserve shalt thou place; hiding my art Thou
him. unto nigh come not shall they waters great of floods the in surely found: be mayest thou when time a in thee unto pray godly is that one every shall this For
Selah. sin. my of iniquity the forgavest thou and ; Lord the unto transgressions my confess will I said, I hid. not I have iniquity mine and thee, unto sin my acknowledge I
Selah. summer. of drought the into turned is moisture my me: upon heavy was hand thy night and day For
long. day the all roaring my through old waxed bones my silence, kept I When
guile. no is there spirit whose in and iniquity, not imputeth Lord the whom unto man the is Blessed
covered. is sin whose forgiven, is transgression whose he is Blessed
. Lord the in hope that ye all heart, your strengthen shall he and courage, good of Be
doer. proud the rewardeth plentifully and faithful, the preserveth Lord the for saints: his ye all , Lord the love O
thee. unto cried I when supplications my of voice the heardest thou nevertheless eyes: thine before from off cut am I haste, my in said I For
city. strong a in kindness marvellous his me shewed hath he for : Lord the be Blessed
tongues. of strife the from pavilion a in secretly them keep shalt thou man: of pride the from presence thy of secret the in them hide shalt Thou
men! of sons the before thee in trust that them for wrought hast thou which thee; fear that them for up laid hast thou which goodness, thy is great how Oh
righteous. the against contemptuously and proudly things grievous speak which silence; to put be lips lying the Let
grave. the in silent be them let and ashamed, be wicked the let thee: upon called have I for ; Lord O ashamed, be not me Let
sake. mercies' thy for me save servant: thy upon shine to face thy Make
me. persecute that them from and enemies, mine of hand the from me deliver hand: thy in are times My
God. my art Thou said, I : Lord O thee, in trusted I But
life. my away take to devised they me, against together counsel took they while side: every on was fear many: of slander the heard have I For
vessel. broken a like am I mind: of out man dead a as forgotten am I
me. from fled without me see did that they acquaintance: mine to fear a and neighbours, my among especially but enemies, mine all among reproach a was I
consumed. are bones my and iniquity, mine of because faileth strength my sighing: with years my and grief, with spent is life my For
belly. my and soul my yea, grief, with consumed is eye mine trouble: in am I for , Lord O me, upon mercy Have
room. large a in feet my set hast thou enemy: the of hand the into up me shut not hast And
adversities; in soul my known hast thou trouble; my considered hast thou for mercy: thy in rejoice and glad be will I
. Lord the in trust I but vanities: lying regard that them hated have I
truth. of God Lord O me, redeemed hast thou spirit: my commit I hand thine Into
strength. my art thou for me: for privily laid have they that net the of out me Pull
me. guide and me, lead sake name's thy for therefore fortress; my and rock my art thou For
me. save to defence of house an for rock, strong my thou be speedily: me deliver me; to ear thine down Bow
righteousness. thy in me deliver ashamed: be never me let trust; my put I do , Lord O thee, In
ever. for thee unto thanks give will I God, my Lord O silent. be not and thee, to praise sing may glory my that end the To
gladness; with me girded and sackcloth, my off put hast thou dancing: into mourning my me for turned hast Thou
helper. my thou be , Lord me: upon mercy have and , Lord O Hear,
truth? thy declare it shall thee? praise dust the Shall pit? the to down go I when blood, my in there is profit What
supplication. made I Lord the unto and ; Lord O thee, to cried I
troubled. was I and face, thy hide didst thou strong: stand to mountain my made hast thou favour thy by , Lord
moved. be never shall I said, I prosperity my in And
morning. the in cometh joy but night, a for endure may weeping life: is favour his in moment; a but endureth anger his For
holiness. his of remembrance the at thanks give and his, of saints ye O , Lord the unto Sing
pit. the to down go not should I that alive, me kept hast thou grave: the from soul my up brought hast thou , Lord O
me. healed hast thou and thee, unto cried I God, my Lord O
me. over rejoice to foes my made not hast and up, me lifted hast thou for ; Lord O thee, extol will I
peace. with people his bless will Lord the people; his unto strength give will Lord The
ever. for King sitteth Lord the yea, flood; the upon sitteth Lord The
glory. his of speak one every doth temple his in and forests: the discovereth and calve, to hinds the maketh Lord the of voice The
Kadesh. of wilderness the shaketh Lord the wilderness; the shaketh Lord the of voice The
fire. of flames the divideth Lord the of voice The
unicorn. young a like Sirion and Lebanon calf; a like skip to also them maketh He
Lebanon. of cedars the breaketh Lord the yea, cedars; the breaketh Lord the of voice The
majesty. of full is Lord the of voice the powerful; is Lord the of voice The
waters. many upon is Lord the thundereth: glory of God the waters: the upon is Lord the of voice The
holiness. of beauty the in Lord the worship name; his unto due glory the Lord the unto Give
strength. and glory Lord the unto give mighty, ye O , Lord the unto Give
ever. for up them lift and also, them feed inheritance: thine bless and people, thy Save
anointed. his of strength saving the is he and strength, their is Lord The
him. praise I will song my with and rejoiceth; greatly heart my therefore helped: am I and him, in trusted heart my shield; my and strength my is Lord The
supplications. my of voice the heard hath he because , Lord the be Blessed
up. them build not and them, destroy shall he hands, his of operation the nor , Lord the of works the not regard they Because
desert. their them to render hands; their of work the after them give endeavours: their of wickedness the to according and deeds, their to according them Give
hearts. their in is mischief but neighbours, their to peace speak which iniquity, of workers the with and wicked, the with away not me Draw
oracle. holy thy toward hands my up lift I when thee, unto cry I when supplications, my of voice the Hear
pit. the into down go that them like become I me, to silent be thou if lest, me: to silent not be rock; my Lord O cry, I will thee Unto
. Lord the on say, I wait, heart: thine strengthen shall he and courage, good of be : Lord the on Wait
living. the of land the in Lord the of goodness the see to believed had I unless fainted, had I
cruelty. out breathe as such and me, against up risen are witnesses false for enemies: mine of will the unto over not me Deliver
enemies. mine of because path, plain a in me lead and , Lord O way, thy me Teach
up. me take will Lord the then me, forsake mother my and father my When
salvation. my of God O me, forsake neither not, me leave help; my been hast thou anger: in away servant thy not put me; from far face thy not Hide
seek. I will , Lord face, Thy thee, unto said heart my face; my ye Seek saidst, thou When
me. answer and me, upon also mercy have voice: my with cry I when , Lord O Hear,
. Lord the unto praises sing will I yea, sing, will I joy; of sacrifices tabernacle his in offer I will therefore me: about round enemies mine above up lifted be head mine shall now And
rock. a upon up me set shall he me; hide he shall tabernacle his of secret the in pavilion: his in me hide shall he trouble of time the in For
temple. his in enquire to and , Lord the of beauty the behold to life, my of days the all Lord the of house the in dwell may I that after; seek I will that , Lord the of desired I have thing One
confident. be I will this in me, against rise should war though fear: not shall heart my me, against encamp should host an Though
fell. and stumbled they flesh, my up eat to me upon came foes, my and enemies mine even wicked, the When
afraid? be I shall whom of life; my of strength the is Lord the fear? I shall whom salvation; my and light my is Lord The
. Lord the bless I will congregations the in place: even an in standeth foot My
me. unto merciful be and me, redeem integrity: mine in walk will I me, for as But
bribes. of full is hand right their and mischief, is hands whose In
men: bloody with life my nor sinners, with soul my not Gather
dwelleth. honour thine where place the and house, thy of habitation the loved have I , Lord
works. wondrous thy all of tell and thanksgiving, of voice the with publish may I That
: Lord O altar, thine compass I will so innocency: in hands mine wash will I
wicked. the with sit not will and doers; evil of congregation the hated have I
dissemblers. with in go I will neither persons, vain with sat not have I
truth. thy in walked have I and eyes: mine before is lovingkindness thy For
heart. my and reins my try me; prove and , Lord O me, Examine
slide. not shall I therefore ; Lord the in also trusted have I integrity: mine in walked have I for ; Lord O me, Judge
troubles. his all of out God, O Israel, Redeem
thee. on wait I for me; preserve uprightness and integrity Let
thee. in trust my put I for ashamed; be not me let me: deliver and soul, my keep O
hatred. cruel with me hate they and many; are they for enemies; mine Consider
sins. my all forgive and pain; my and affliction mine upon Look
distresses. my of out me thou bring O enlarged: are heart my of troubles The
afflicted. and desolate am I for me; upon mercy have and me, unto thee Turn
net. the of out feet my pluck shall he for ; Lord the toward ever are eyes Mine
covenant. his them shew will he and him; fear that them with is Lord the of secret The
earth. the inherit shall seed his and ease; at dwell shall soul His
choose. shall he that way the in teach he shall him ? Lord the feareth that he is man What
great. is it for iniquity; mine pardon , Lord O sake, name's thy For
testimonies. his and covenant his keep as such unto truth and mercy are Lord the of paths the All
way. his teach he will meek the and judgment: in guide he will meek The
way. the in sinners teach he will therefore : Lord the is upright and Good
. Lord O sake, goodness' thy for me thou remember mercy thy to according transgressions: my nor youth, my of sins the not Remember
old. of ever been have they for lovingkindnesses; thy and mercies tender thy , Lord O Remember,
day. the all wait I do thee on salvation; my of God the art thou for me: teach and truth, thy in me Lead
paths. thy me teach ; Lord O ways, thy me Shew
cause. without transgress which ashamed be them let ashamed: be thee on wait that none let Yea,
me. over triumph enemies mine not let ashamed, be not me let thee: in trust I God, my O
soul. my up lift I do , Lord O thee, Unto
Selah. glory. of King the is he hosts, of Lord The glory? of King this is Who
in. come shall glory of King the and doors; everlasting ye up, them lift even gates; ye O heads, your up Lift
battle. in mighty Lord the mighty, and strong Lord The glory? of King this is Who
in. come shall glory of King the and doors; everlasting ye up, lift ye be and gates; ye O heads, your up Lift
Selah. Jacob. O face, thy seek that him, seek that them of generation the is This
salvation. his of God the from righteousness and , Lord the from blessing the receive shall He
deceitfully. sworn nor vanity, unto soul his up lifted not hath who heart; pure a and hands, clean hath that He
place? holy his in stand shall who or ? Lord the of hill the into ascend shall Who
floods. the upon it established and seas, the upon it founded hath he For
therein. dwell that they and world, the thereof; fulness the and 's, Lord the is earth The
ever. for Lord the of house the in dwell will I and life: my of days the all me follow shall mercy and goodness Surely
over. runneth cup my oil; with head my anointest thou enemies: mine of presence the in me before table a preparest Thou
me. comfort they staff thy and rod thy me; with art thou for evil: no fear will I death, of shadow the of valley the through walk I though Yea,
sake. name's his for righteousness of paths the in me leadeth he soul: my restoreth He
waters. still the beside me leadeth he pastures: green in down lie to me maketh He
want. not shall I shepherd; my is Lord The
this. done hath he that born, be shall that people a unto righteousness his declare shall and come, shall They
generation. a for Lord the to accounted be shall it him; serve shall seed A
soul. own his alive keep can none and him: before bow shall dust the to down go that they all worship: and eat shall earth upon fat be that they All
nations. the among governor the is he and 's: Lord the is kingdom the For
thee. before worship shall nations the of kindreds the all and : Lord the unto turn and remember shall world the of ends the All
ever. for live shall heart your him: seek that Lord the praise shall they satisfied: be and eat shall meek The
him. fear that them before vows my pay will I congregation: great the in thee of be shall praise My
heard. he him, unto cried he when but him; from face his hid he hath neither afflicted; the of affliction the abhorred nor despised not hath he For
Israel. of seed the ye all him, fear and him; glorify Jacob, of seed the ye all him; praise , Lord the fear that Ye
thee. praise I will congregation the of midst the in brethren: my unto name thy declare will I
unicorns. the of horns the from me heard hast thou for mouth: lion's the from me Save
dog. the of power the from darling my sword; the from soul my Deliver
me. help to thee haste strength, my O : Lord O me, from far thou not be But
vesture. my upon lots cast and them, among garments my part They
me. upon stare and look they bones: my all tell may I
feet. my and hands my pierced they me: inclosed have wicked the of assembly the me: compassed have dogs For
death. of dust the into me brought hast thou and jaws; my to cleaveth tongue my and potsherd; a like up dried is strength My
bowels. my of midst the in melted is it wax; like is heart my joint: of out are bones my all and water, like out poured am I
lion. roaring a and ravening a as mouths, their with me upon gaped They
round. me beset have Bashan of bulls strong me: compassed have bulls Many
help. to none is there for near; is trouble for me; from far not Be
belly. mother's my from God my art thou womb: the from thee upon cast was I
breasts. mother's my upon was I when hope me make didst thou womb: the of out me took that he art thou But
him. in delighted he seeing him, deliver him let him: deliver would he that Lord the on trusted He
saying, head, the shake they lip, the out shoot they scorn: to me laugh me see that they All
people. the of despised and men, of reproach a man; no and worm, a am I But
confounded. not were and thee, in trusted they delivered: were and thee, unto cried They
them. deliver didst thou and trusted, they thee: in trusted fathers Our
Israel. of praises the inhabitest that thou O holy, art thou But
silent. not am and season, night the in and not; hearest thou but time, day the in cry I God, my O
roaring? my of words the from and me, helping from far so thou art why me? forsaken thou hast why God, my God, My
power. thy praise and sing we will so strength: own thine in , Lord exalted, thou Be
them. of face the against strings thy upon arrows thine ready make shalt thou when back, their turn them make thou shalt Therefore
perform. to able not are they which device, mischievous a imagined they thee: against evil intended they For
men. of children the among from seed their and earth, the from destroy thou shalt fruit Their
them. devour shall fire the and wrath, his in up them swallow shall Lord the anger: thine of time the in oven fiery a as them make shalt Thou
thee. hate that those out find shall hand right thy enemies: thine all out find shall hand Thine
moved. be not shall he High most the of mercy the through and , Lord the in trusteth king the For
countenance. thy with glad exceeding him made hast thou ever: for blessed most him made hast thou For
him. upon laid thou hast majesty and honour salvation: thy in great is glory His
ever. and ever for days of length even him, it gavest thou and thee, of life asked He
head. his on gold pure of crown a settest thou goodness: of blessings the with him preventest thou For
Selah. lips. his of request the withholden not hast and desire, heart's his him given hast Thou
rejoice! he shall greatly how salvation thy in and ; Lord O strength, thy in joy shall king The
call. we when us hear king the let : Lord Save,
upright. stand and risen, are we but fallen: and down brought are They
God. our Lord the of name the remember will we but horses: in some and chariots, in trust Some
hand. right his of strength saving the with heaven holy his from him hear will he anointed; his saveth Lord the that I know Now
petitions. thy all fulfil Lord the banners: our up set will we God our of name the in and salvation, thy in rejoice will We
counsel. thy all fulfil and heart, own thine to according thee Grant
Selah. sacrifice; burnt thy accept and offerings, thy all Remember
Zion; of out thee strengthen and sanctuary, the from help thee Send
thee; defend Jacob of God the of name the trouble; of day the in thee hear Lord The
redeemer. my and strength, my , Lord O sight, thy in acceptable be heart, my of meditation the and mouth, my of words the Let
transgression. great the from innocent be shall I and upright, be I shall then me: over dominion have not them let sins; presumptuous from also servant thy back Keep
faults. secret from me thou cleanse errors? his understand can Who
reward. great is there them of keeping in and warned: servant thy is them by Moreover
honeycomb. the and honey than also sweeter gold: fine much than yea, gold, than they are desired be to More
altogether. righteous and true are Lord the of judgments the ever: for enduring clean, is Lord the of fear The
eyes. the enlightening pure, is Lord the of commandment the heart: the rejoicing right, are Lord the of statutes The
simple. the wise making sure, is Lord the of testimony the soul: the converting perfect, is Lord the of law The
thereof. heat the from hid nothing is there and it: of ends the unto circuit his and heaven, the of end the from is forth going His
race. a run to man strong a as rejoiceth and chamber, his of out coming bridegroom a as is Which
sun, the for tabernacle a set he hath them In world. the of end the to words their and earth, the all through out gone is line Their
heard. not is voice their where language, nor speech no is There
knowledge. sheweth night unto night and speech, uttereth day unto Day
handywork. his sheweth firmament the and God; of glory the declare heavens The
evermore. for seed his to and David, to anointed, his to mercy sheweth and king; his to he giveth deliverance Great
name. thy unto praises sing and heathen, the among , Lord O thee, unto thanks give I will Therefore
man. violent the from me delivered hast thou me: against up rise that those above up me liftest thou yea, enemies: mine from me delivereth He
me. under people the subdueth and me, avengeth that God is It
exalted. be salvation my of God the let and rock; my be blessed and liveth; Lord The
places. close their of out afraid be and away, fade shall strangers The
me. unto themselves submit shall strangers the me: obey shall they me, of hear they as soon As
me. serve shall known not have I whom people a heathen: the of head the me made hast thou and people; the of strivings the from me delivered hast Thou
streets. the in dirt the as out them cast did I wind: the before dust the as small them beat I did Then
not. them answered he but , Lord the unto even them: save to none was there but cried, They
me. hate that them destroy might I that enemies; mine of necks the me given also hast Thou
me. against up rose that those me under subdued hast thou battle: the unto strength with me girded hast thou For
feet. my under fallen are they rise: to able not were they that them wounded have I
consumed. were they till again turn I did neither them: overtaken and enemies, mine pursued have I
slip. not did feet my that me, under steps my enlarged hast Thou
great. me made hath gentleness thy and up, me holden hath hand right thy and salvation: thy of shield the me given also hast Thou
arms. mine by broken is steel of bow a that so war, to hands my teacheth He
places. high my upon me setteth and feet, hinds' like feet my maketh He
perfect. way my maketh and strength, with me girdeth that God is It
God? our save rock a is who or ? Lord the save God is who For
him. in trust that those all to buckler a is he tried: is Lord the of word the perfect: is way his God, for As
wall. a over leaped I have God my by and troop; a through run have I thee by For
darkness. my enlighten will God my Lord the candle: my light wilt thou For
looks. high down bring wilt but people; afflicted the save wilt thou For
froward. thyself shew wilt thou froward the with and pure; thyself shew wilt thou pure the With
upright; thyself shew wilt thou man upright an with merciful; thyself shew wilt thou merciful the With
eyesight. his in hands my of cleanness the to according righteousness, my to according me recompensed Lord the hath Therefore
iniquity. mine from myself kept I and him, before upright also was I
me. from statutes his away put not did I and me, before were judgments his all For
God. my from departed wickedly not have and , Lord the of ways the kept have I For
me. recompensed he hath hands my of cleanness the to according righteousness; my to according me rewarded Lord The
me. in delighted he because me, delivered he place; large a into also forth me brought He
stay. my was Lord the but calamity: my of day the in me prevented They
me. for strong too were they for me: hated which them from and enemy, strong my from me delivered He
waters. many of out me drew he me, took he above, from sent He
nostrils. thy of breath the of blast the at , Lord O rebuke, thy at discovered were world the of foundations the and seen, were waters of channels the Then
them. discomfited and lightnings, out shot he and them; scattered and arrows, his out sent he Yea,
fire. of coals and stones hail voice; his gave Highest the and heavens, the in thundered also Lord The
fire. of coals and stones hail passed, clouds thick his him before was that brightness the At
skies. the of clouds thick and waters dark were him about round pavilion his place; secret his darkness made He
wind. the of wings the upon fly did he yea, fly: did and cherub, a upon rode he And
feet. his under was darkness and down: came and also, heavens the bowed He
it. by kindled were coals devoured: mouth his of out fire and nostrils, his of out smoke a up went There
wroth. was he because shaken, were and moved hills the of also foundations the trembled; and shook earth the Then
ears. his into even him, before came cry my and temple, his of out voice my heard he God: my unto cried and , Lord the upon called I distress my In
me. prevented death of snares the about: me compassed hell of sorrows The
afraid. me made men ungodly of floods the and me, compassed death of sorrows The
enemies. mine from saved be I shall so praised: be to worthy is who , Lord the upon call will I
tower. high my and salvation, my of horn the and buckler, my trust; will I whom in strength, my God, my deliverer; my and fortress, my and rock, my is Lord The
strength. my , Lord O thee, love will I
likeness. thy with awake, I when satisfied, be shall I righteousness: in face thy behold will I me, for As
babes. their to substance their of rest the leave and children, of full are they treasure: hid thy with fillest thou belly whose and life, this in portion their have which world, the of men from , Lord O hand, thy are which men From
sword: thy is which wicked, the from soul my deliver down: him cast him, disappoint , Lord O Arise,
places. secret in lurking lion young a were it as and prey, his of greedy is that lion a as Like
earth; the to down bowing eyes their set have they steps: our in us compassed now have They
proudly. speak they mouth their with fat: own their in inclosed are They
about. me compass who enemies, deadly my from me, oppress that wicked the From
wings, thy of shadow the under me hide eye, the of apple the as me Keep
them. against up rise that those from thee in trust their put which them hand right thy by savest that thou O lovingkindness, marvellous thy Shew
speech. my hear and me, unto ear thine incline God: O me, hear wilt thou for thee, upon called have I
not. slip footsteps my that paths, thy in goings my up Hold
destroyer. the of paths the from me kept have I lips thy of word the by men, of works the Concerning
transgress. not shall mouth my that purposed am I nothing; find shalt and me, tried hast thou night; the in me visited hast thou heart; mine proved hast Thou
equal. are that things the behold eyes thine let presence; thy from forth come sentence my Let
lips. feigned of out not goeth that prayer, my unto ear give cry, my unto attend , Lord O right, the Hear
evermore. for pleasures are there hand right thy at joy; of fulness is presence thy in life: of path the me shew wilt Thou
corruption. see to One Holy thine suffer thou wilt neither hell; in soul my leave not wilt thou For
hope. in rest shall also flesh my rejoiceth: glory my and glad, is heart my Therefore
moved. be not shall I hand, right my at is he because me: before always Lord the set have I
seasons. night the in me instruct also reins my counsel: me given hath who , Lord the bless will I
heritage. goodly a have I yea, places; pleasant in me unto fallen are lines The
lot. my maintainest thou cup: my of and inheritance mine of portion the is Lord The
lips. my into names their up take nor offer, not I will blood of offerings drink their god: another after hasten that multiplied be shall sorrows Their
delight. my all is whom in excellent, the to and earth, the in are that saints the to But
thee; to not extendeth goodness my Lord: my art Thou , Lord the unto said hast thou soul, my O
trust. my put I do thee in for God: O me, Preserve
moved. be never shall things these doeth that He innocent. the against reward taketh nor usury, to money his out not putteth that He
not. changeth and hurt, own his to sweareth that He . Lord the fear that them honoureth he but contemned; is person vile a eyes whose In
neighbour. his against reproach a up taketh nor neighbour, his to evil doeth nor tongue, his with not backbiteth that He
heart. his in truth the speaketh and righteousness, worketh and uprightly, walketh that He
hill? holy thy in dwell shall who tabernacle? thy in abide shall who Lord,
glad. be shall Israel and rejoice, shall Jacob people, his of captivity the back bringeth Lord the when Zion! of out come were Israel of salvation the that Oh
refuge. his is Lord the because poor, the of counsel the shamed have Ye
righteous. the of generation the in is God for fear: great in they were There
. Lord the upon not call and bread, eat they as people my up eat who knowledge? no iniquity of workers the all Have
one. not no, good, doeth that none is there filthy: become together all are they aside, gone all are They
God. seek and understand, did that any were there if see to men, of children the upon heaven from down looked Lord The
good. doeth that none is there works, abominable done have they corrupt, are They God. no is There heart, his in said hath fool The
me. with bountifully dealt hath he because , Lord the unto sing will I
salvation. thy in rejoice shall heart my mercy; thy in trusted have I But
moved. am I when rejoice me trouble that those and him; against prevailed have I say, enemy mine Lest
death; of sleep the sleep I lest eyes, mine lighten God: my Lord O me, hear and Consider
me? over exalted be enemy mine shall long how daily? heart my in sorrow having soul, my in counsel take I shall long How
me? from face thy hide thou wilt long how ever? for ? Lord O me, forget thou wilt long How
exalted. are men vilest the when side, every on walk wicked The
ever. for generation this from them preserve shalt thou , Lord O them, keep shalt Thou
times. seven purified earth, of furnace a in tried silver as words: pure are Lord the of words The
him. at puffeth that him from safety in him set will I ; Lord the saith arise, I will now needy, the of sighing the for poor, the of oppression the For
us? over lord is who own: our are lips our prevail; we will tongue our With said, have Who
things: proud speaketh that tongue the and lips, flattering all off cut shall Lord The
speak. they do heart double a with and lips flattering with neighbour: his with one every vanity speak They
men. of children the among from fail faithful the for ceaseth; man godly the for ; Lord Help,
upright. the behold doth countenance his righteousness; loveth Lord righteous the For
cup. their of portion the be shall this tempest: horrible an and brimstone, and fire snares, rain shall he wicked the Upon
hateth. soul his violence loveth that him and wicked the but righteous: the trieth Lord The
men. of children the try, eyelids his behold, eyes his heaven: in is throne 's Lord the temple, holy his in is Lord The
do? righteous the can what destroyed, be foundations the If
heart. in upright the at shoot privily may they that string, the upon arrow their ready make they bow, their bend wicked the lo, For,
mountain? your to bird a as Flee soul, my to ye say how trust: my I put Lord the In
oppress. more no may earth the of man the that oppressed, the and fatherless the judge To
hear: to ear thine cause wilt thou heart, their prepare wilt thou humble: the of desire the heard hast thou , Lord
land. his of out perished are heathen the ever: and ever for King is Lord The
none. find thou till wickedness his out seek man: evil the and wicked the of arm the thou Break
fatherless. the of helper the art thou thee; unto himself committeth poor the hand: thy with it requite to spite, and mischief beholdest thou for it; seen hast Thou
it. require not wilt Thou heart, his in said hath he God? contemn wicked the doth Wherefore
humble. the not forget hand: thine up lift God, O ; Lord O Arise,
it. see never will he face; his hideth he forgotten: hath God heart, his in said hath He
ones. strong his by fall may poor the that himself, humbleth and croucheth, He
net. his into him draweth he when poor, the catch doth he poor: the catch to wait in lieth he den: his in lion a as secretly wait in lieth He
poor. the against set privily are eyes his innocent: the murder he doth places secret the in villages: the of places lurking the in sitteth He
vanity. and mischief is tongue his under fraud: and deceit and cursing of full is mouth His
adversity. in be never shall I for moved: be not shall I heart, his in said hath He
them. at puffeth he enemies, his all for as sight: his of out above far are judgments thy grievous; always are ways His
thoughts. his all in not is God God: after seek not will countenance, his of pride the through wicked, The
abhorreth. Lord the whom covetous, the blesseth and desire, heart's his of boasteth wicked the For
imagined. have they that devices the in taken be them let poor: the persecute doth pride his in wicked The
trouble? of times in thyself thou hidest why ? Lord O off, afar thou standest Why
Selah. men. but be to themselves know may nations the that : Lord O fear, in them Put
sight. thy in judged be heathen the let prevail: man not let ; Lord O Arise,
ever. for perish not shall poor the of expectation the forgotten: be always not shall needy the For
God. forget that nations the all and hell, into turned be shall wicked The
Selah. Higgaion. hands. own his of work the in snared is wicked the executeth: he which judgment the by known is Lord The
taken. foot own their is hid they which net the in made: they that pit the in down sunk are heathen The
salvation. thy in rejoice will I Zion: of daughter the of gates the in praise thy all forth shew may I That
death: of gates the from up me liftest that thou me, hate that them of suffer I which trouble my consider ; Lord O me, upon mercy Have
humble. the of cry the not forgetteth he them: remembereth he blood, for inquisition maketh he When
doings. his people the among declare Zion: in dwelleth which , Lord the to praises Sing
thee. seek that them forsaken not hast , Lord thou, for thee: in trust their put will name thy know that they And
trouble. of times in refuge a oppressed, the for refuge a be will also Lord The
uprightness. in people the to judgment minister shall he righteousness, in world the judge shall he And
judgment. for throne his prepared hath he ever: for endure shall Lord the But
them. with perished is memorial their cities; destroyed hast thou and end: perpetual a to come are destructions enemy, thou O
ever. and ever for name their out put hast thou wicked, the destroyed hast thou heathen, the rebuked hast Thou
right. judging throne the in satest thou cause; my and right my maintained hast thou For
presence. thy at perish and fall shall they back, turned are enemies mine When
High. most thou O name, thy to praise sing will I thee: in rejoice and glad be will I
works. marvellous thy all forth shew will I heart; whole my with , Lord O thee, praise will I
earth! the all in name thy is excellent how Lord, our Lord O
seas. the of paths the through passeth whatsoever and sea, the of fish the and air, the of fowl The
field; the of beasts the and yea, oxen, and sheep All
feet: his under things all put hast thou hands; thy of works the over dominion have to him madest Thou
honour. and glory with him crowned hast and angels, the than lower little a him made hast thou For
him? visitest thou that man, of son the and him? of mindful art thou that man, is What
ordained; hast thou which stars, the and moon the fingers, thy of work the heavens, thy consider I When
avenger. the and enemy the still mightest thou that enemies, thine of because strength ordained thou hast sucklings and babes of mouth the of Out
heavens. the above glory thy set hast who earth! the all in name thy is excellent how Lord, our , Lord O
high. most Lord the of name the to praise sing will and righteousness: his to according Lord the praise will I
pate. own his upon down come shall dealing violent his and head, own his upon return shall mischief His
made. he which ditch the into fallen is and it, digged and pit, a made He
falsehood. forth brought and mischief, conceived hath and iniquity, with travaileth he Behold,
persecutors. the against arrows his ordaineth he death; of instruments the him for prepared also hath He
ready. it made and bow, his bent hath he sword; his whet will he not, turn he If
day. every wicked the with angry is God and righteous, the judgeth God
heart. in upright the saveth which God, of is defence My
reins. and hearts the trieth God righteous the for just: the establish but end; an to come wicked the of wickedness the let Oh
me. in is that integrity mine to according and righteousness, my to according , Lord O me, judge people: the judge shall Lord The
high. on thou return therefore sakes their for about: thee compass people the of congregation the shall So
commanded. hast thou that judgment the to me for awake and enemies: mine of rage the of because thyself up lift anger, thine in , Lord O Arise,
Selah. dust. the in honour mine lay and earth, the upon life my down tread him let yea, it; take and soul, my persecute enemy the Let
enemy:) mine is cause without that him delivered have I (yea, me; with peace at was that him unto evil rewarded have I If
hands; my in iniquity be there if this; done have I If God, my Lord O
deliver. to none is there while pieces, in it rending lion, a like soul my tear he Lest
me: deliver and me, persecute that them all from me save trust: my put I do thee in God, my Lord O
suddenly. ashamed be and return them let vexed: sore and ashamed be enemies mine all Let
prayer. my receive will Lord the supplication; my heard hath Lord The
weeping. my of voice the heard hath Lord the for iniquity; of workers ye all me, from Depart
enemies. mine all of because old waxeth it grief; of because consumed is eye Mine
tears. my with couch my water I swim; to bed my I make night the all groaning; my with weary am I
thanks? thee give shall who grave the in thee: of remembrance no is there death in For
sake. mercies' thy for me save oh soul: my deliver , Lord O Return,
long? how , Lord O thou, but vexed: sore also is soul My
vexed. are bones my for me; heal , Lord O weak: am I for ; Lord O me, upon mercy Have
displeasure. hot thy in me chasten neither anger, thine in not me rebuke , Lord O
shield. a with as him compass thou wilt favour with righteous; the bless wilt , Lord thou, For
thee. in joyful be name thy love that also them let them: defendest thou because joy, for shout ever them let rejoice: thee in trust their put that those all let But
thee. against rebelled have they for transgressions; their of multitude the in out them cast counsels; own their by fall them let God; O them, thou Destroy
tongue. their with flatter they sepulchre; open an is throat their wickedness; very is part inward their mouth; their in faithfulness no is there For
face. my before straight way thy make enemies; mine of because righteousness thy in , Lord O me, Lead
temple. holy thy toward worship I will fear thy in and mercy: thy of multitude the in house thy into come will I me, for as But
man. deceitful and bloody the abhor will Lord the leasing: speak that them destroy shalt Thou
iniquity. of workers all hatest thou sight: thy in stand not shall foolish The
thee. with dwell evil shall neither wickedness: in pleasure hath that God a not art thou For
up. look will and thee, unto prayer my direct I will morning the in ; Lord O morning, the in hear thou shalt voice My
pray. I will thee unto for God: my and King, my cry, my of voice the unto Hearken
meditation. my consider , Lord O words, my to ear Give
safety. in dwell me makest only , Lord thou, for sleep: and peace, in down me lay both will I
increased. wine their and corn their that time the in than more heart, my in gladness put hast Thou
us. upon countenance thy of light the up thou lift , Lord good? any us shew will Who say, that many be There
. Lord the in trust your put and righteousness, of sacrifices the Offer
Selah. still. be and bed, your upon heart own your with commune not: sin and awe, in Stand
him. unto call I when hear will Lord the himself: for godly is that him apart set hath Lord the that know But
Selah. leasing? after seek and vanity, love ye will long how shame? into glory my turn ye will long how men, of sons ye O
prayer. my hear and me, upon mercy have distress; in was I when me enlarged hast thou righteousness: my of God O call, I when me Hear
Selah. people. thy upon is blessing thy : Lord the unto belongeth Salvation
ungodly. the of teeth the broken hast thou bone; cheek the upon enemies mine all smitten hast thou for God: my O me, save ; Lord O Arise,
about. round me against themselves set have that people, of thousands ten of afraid be not will I
me. sustained Lord the for awaked; I slept; and down me laid I
Selah. hill. holy his of out me heard he and voice, my with Lord the unto cried I
head. mine of up lifter the and glory, my me; for shield a art , Lord O thou, But
Selah. God. in him for help no is There soul, my of say which be there Many
me. against up rise that they are many me! trouble that increased they are how Lord,
him. in trust their put that they all are Blessed little. a but kindled is wrath his when way, the from perish ye and angry, be he lest Son, the Kiss
trembling. with rejoice and fear, with Lord the Serve
earth. the of judges ye instructed, be kings: ye O therefore, now wise Be
vessel. potter's a like pieces in them dash shalt thou iron; of rod a with them break shalt Thou
possession. thy for earth the of parts uttermost the and inheritance, thine for heathen the thee give shall I and me, of Ask
thee. begotten I have day this Son; my art Thou me, unto said hath Lord the decree: the declare will I
Zion. of hill holy my upon king my set I have Yet
displeasure. sore his in them vex and wrath, his in them unto speak he shall Then
derision. in them have shall Lord the laugh: shall heavens the in sitteth that He
us. from cords their away cast and asunder, bands their break us Let
saying, anointed, his against and , Lord the against together, counsel take rulers the and themselves, set earth the of kings The
thing? vain a imagine people the and rage, heathen the do Why
perish. shall ungodly the of way the but righteous: the of way the knoweth Lord the For
righteous. the of congregation the in sinners nor judgment, the in stand not shall ungodly the Therefore
away. driveth wind the which chaff the like are but so: not are ungodly The
prosper. shall doeth he whatsoever and wither; not shall also leaf his season; his in fruit his forth bringeth that water, of rivers the by planted tree a like be shall he And
night. and day meditate he doth law his in and ; Lord the of law the in is delight his But
scornful. the of seat the in sitteth nor sinners, of way the in standeth nor ungodly, the of counsel the in not walketh that man the is Blessed
Psalm
days. of full and old being died, Job So
generations. four even sons, sons' his and sons, his saw and years, forty and hundred an Job lived this After
brethren. their among inheritance them gave father their and Job: of daughters the as fair so found women no were land the all in And
Kerenhappuch. third, the of name the and Kezia; second, the of name the and Jemima; first, the of name the called he And
daughters. three and sons seven also had He
asses. she thousand a and oxen, of yoke thousand a and camels, thousand six and sheep, thousand fourteen had he for beginning: his than more Job of end latter the blessed Lord the So
gold. of earring an one every and money, of piece a him gave also man every him: upon brought had Lord the that evil the all over him comforted and him, bemoaned they and house: his in him with bread eat did and before, acquaintance his of been had that they all and sisters, his all and brethren, his all him unto there came Then
before. had he as much as twice Job gave Lord the also friends: his for prayed he when Job, of captivity the turned Lord the And
Job. accepted also Lord the them: commanded Lord the as according did and went, Naamathite the Zophar and Shuhite the Bildad and Temanite the Eliphaz So
Job. servant my like right, is which thing the me of spoken not have ye that in folly, your after you with deal I lest accept: I will him for you: for pray shall Job servant my and offering; burnt a yourselves for up offer and Job, servant my to go and rams, seven and bullocks seven now you unto take Therefore
hath. Job servant my as right, is that thing the me of spoken not have ye for friends: two thy against and thee, against kindled is wrath My Temanite, the Eliphaz to said Lord the Job, unto words these spoken had Lord the after that so, was it And
ashes. and dust in repent and myself, abhor I Wherefore
thee. seeth eye mine now but ear: the of hearing the by thee of heard have I
me. unto thou declare and thee, of demand will I speak: will I and thee, beseech I Hear,
not. knew I which me, for wonderful too things not; understood I that uttered I have therefore knowledge? without counsel hideth that he is Who
thee. from withholden be can thought no that and thing, every do canst thou that know I
said, and , Lord the answered Job Then
pride. of children the all over king a is he things: high all beholdeth He
fear. without made is who like, his not is there earth Upon
hoary. be to deep the think would one him; after shine to path a maketh He
ointment. of pot a like sea the maketh he pot: a like boil to deep the maketh He
mire. the upon things pointed sharp spreadeth he him: under are stones Sharp
spear. a of shaking the at laugheth he stubble: as counted are Darts
stubble. into him with turned are slingstones flee: him make cannot arrow The
wood. rotten as brass and straw, as iron esteemeth He
habergeon. the nor dart, the spear, the hold: cannot him at layeth that him of sword The
themselves. purify they breakings of reason by afraid: are mighty the himself, up raiseth he When
millstone. nether the of piece a as hard as yea, stone; a as firm as is heart His
moved. be cannot they themselves; in firm are they together: joined are flesh his of flakes The
him. before joy into turned is sorrow and strength, remaineth neck his In
mouth. his of out goeth flame a and coals, kindleth breath His
caldron. or pot seething a of out as smoke, goeth nostrils his of Out
out. leap fire of sparks and lamps, burning go mouth his of Out
morning. the of eyelids the like are eyes his and shine, doth light a neesings his By
sundered. be cannot they that together, stick they another, to one joined are They
them. between come can air no that another, to near so is One
seal. close a with as together up shut pride, his are scales His
about. round terrible are teeth his face? his of doors the open can Who
bridle? double his with him to come can who or garment? his of face the discover can Who
proportion. comely his nor power, his nor parts, his conceal not will I
mine. is heaven whole the under is whatsoever him? repay should I that me, prevented hath Who
me? before stand to able is then who up: him stir dare that fierce so is None
him? of sight the at even down cast be one not shall vain: in is him of hope the Behold,
more. no do battle, the remember him, upon hand thine Lay
spears? fish with head his or irons? barbed with skin his fill thou Canst
merchants? the among him part they shall him? of banquet a make companions the Shall
maidens? thy for him bind thou wilt or bird? a with as him with play thou Wilt
ever? for servant a for him take thou wilt thee? with covenant a make he Will
thee? unto words soft speak he will thee? unto supplications many make he Will
thorn? a with through jaw his bore or nose? his into hook an put thou Canst
down? lettest thou which cord a with tongue his or hook? an with leviathan out draw thou Canst
snares. through pierceth nose his eyes: his with it taketh He
mouth. his into Jordan up draw can he that trusteth he not: hasteth and river, a up drinketh he Behold,
about. him compass brook the of willows the shadow; their with him cover trees shady The
fens. and reed, the of covert the in trees, shady the under lieth He
play. field the of beasts the all where food, forth him bring mountains the Surely
him. unto approach to sword his make can him made that he God: of ways the of chief the is He
iron. of bars like are bones his brass; of pieces strong as are bones His
together. wrapped are stones his of sinews the cedar: a like tail his moveth He
belly. his of navel the in is force his and loins, his in is strength his now, Lo
ox. an as grass eateth he thee; with made I which behemoth, now Behold
thee. save can hand right own thine that thee unto confess also I will Then
secret. in faces their bind and together; dust the in them Hide
place. their in wicked the down tread and low; him bring and proud, is that one every on Look
him. abase and proud, is that one every behold and wrath: thy of rage the abroad Cast
beauty. and glory with thyself array and excellency; and majesty with now thyself Deck
him? like voice a with thunder thou canst or God? like arm an thou Hast
righteous? be mayest thou that me, condemn thou wilt judgment? my disannul also thou Wilt
me. unto thou declare and thee, of demand will I man: a like now loins thy up Gird
said, and whirlwind, the of out Job unto Lord the answered Then
further. no proceed will I but twice; yea, answer: not will I but spoken; I have Once
mouth. my upon hand mine lay will I thee? answer I shall what vile; am I Behold,
said, and , Lord the answered Job Then
it. answer him let God, reproveth that he him? instruct Almighty the with contendeth that he Shall
said, and Job, answered Lord the Moreover
she. is there are, slain the where and blood: up suck also ones young Her
off. afar behold eyes her and prey, the seeketh she thence From
place. strong the and rock, the of crag the upon rock, the on abideth and dwelleth She
high? on nest her make and command, thy at up mount eagle the Doth
south? the toward wings her stretch and wisdom, thy by fly hawk the Doth
shouting. the and captains, the of thunder the off, afar battle the smelleth he and ha; Ha, trumpets, the among saith He
trumpet. the of sound the is it that he believeth neither rage: and fierceness with ground the swalloweth He
shield. the and spear glittering the him, against rattleth quiver The
sword. the from back he turneth neither affrighted; not is and fear, at mocketh He
men. armed the meet to on goeth he strength: his in rejoiceth and valley, the in paweth He
terrible. is nostrils his of glory the grasshopper? a as afraid him make thou Canst
thunder? with neck his clothed thou hast strength? horse the given thou Hast
rider. his and horse the scorneth she high, on herself up lifteth she time What
understanding. her to imparted he hath neither wisdom, of her deprived hath God Because
fear; without vain in is labour her her's: not were they though as ones, young her against hardened is She
them. break may beast wild the that or them, crush may foot the that forgetteth And
dust, in them warmeth and earth, the in eggs her leaveth Which
ostrich? the unto feathers and wings or peacocks? the unto wings goodly the thou Gavest
barn? thy into it gather and seed, thy home bring will he that him, believe thou Wilt
him? to labour thy leave thou wilt or great? is strength his because him, trust thou Wilt
thee? after valleys the harrow he will or furrow? the in band his with unicorn the bind thou Canst
crib? thy by abide or thee, serve to willing be unicorn the Will
thing. green every after searcheth he and pasture, his is mountains the of range The
driver. the of crying the he regardeth neither city, the of multitude the scorneth He
dwellings. his land barren the and wilderness, the made have I house Whose
ass? wild the of bands the loosed hath who or free? ass wild the out sent hath Who
them. unto not return and forth, go they corn; with up grow they liking, good in are ones young Their
sorrows. their out cast they ones, young their forth bring they themselves, bow They
forth? bring they when time the thou knowest or fulfil? they that months the number thou Canst
calve? do hinds the when mark thou canst or forth? bring rock the of goats wild the when time the thou Knowest
meat. of lack for wander they God, unto cry ones young his when food? his raven the for provideth Who
wait? in lie to covert the in abide and dens, their in couch they When
lions, young the of appetite the fill or lion? the for prey the hunt thou Wilt
together? fast cleave clods the and hardness, into groweth dust the When
heaven, of bottles the stay can who or wisdom? in clouds the number can Who
heart? the to understanding given hath who or parts? inward the in wisdom put hath Who
are? we Here thee, unto say and go may they that lightnings, send thou Canst
thee? cover may waters of abundance that clouds, the to voice thy up lift thou Canst
earth? the in thereof dominion the set thou canst heaven? of ordinances the thou Knowest
sons? his with Arcturus guide thou canst or season? his in Mazzaroth forth bring thou Canst
Orion? of bands the loose or Pleiades, of influences sweet the bind thou Canst
frozen. is deep the of face the and stone, a with as hid are waters The
it? gendered hath who heaven, of frost hoary the and ice? the came womb whose of Out
dew? of drops the begotten hath who or father? a rain the Hath
forth? spring to herb tender the of bud the cause to and ground; waste and desolate the satisfy To
man; no is there wherein wilderness, the on is; man no where earth, the on rain to it cause To
thunder; of lightning the for way a or waters, of overflowing the for watercourse a divided hath Who
earth? the upon wind east the scattereth which parted, light the is way what By
war? and battle of day the against trouble, of time the against reserved have I Which
hail, the of treasures the seen thou hast or snow? the of treasures the into entered thou Hast
great? is days thy of number the because or born? then wast thou because it, thou Knowest
thereof? house the to paths the know shouldest thou that and thereof, bound the to it take shouldest thou That
thereof, place the is where darkness, for as and dwelleth? light where way the is Where
all. it knowest thou if declare earth? the of breadth the perceived thou Hast
death? of shadow the of doors the seen thou hast or thee? unto opened been death of gates the Have
depth? the of search the in walked thou hast or sea? the of springs the into entered thou Hast
broken. be shall arm high the and withholden, is light their wicked the from And
garment. a as stand they and seal; the to clay as turned is It
it? of out shaken be might wicked the that earth, the of ends the of hold take might it That
place; his know to dayspring the caused and days; thy since morning the commanded thou Hast
stayed? be waves proud thy shall here and further: no but come, thou shalt Hitherto said, And
doors, and bars set and place, decreed my it for up brake And
it, for swaddlingband a darkness thick and thereof, garment the cloud the made I When
womb? the of out issued had it if as forth, brake it when doors, with sea the up shut who Or
joy? for shouted God of sons the all and together, sang stars morning the When
thereof; stone corner the laid who or fastened? thereof foundations the are Whereupon
it? upon line the stretched hath who or knowest? thou if thereof, measures the laid hath Who
understanding. hast thou if declare, earth? the of foundations the laid I when thou wast Where
me. thou answer and thee, of demand will I for man; a like loins thy now up Gird
knowledge? without words by counsel darkeneth that this is Who
said, and whirlwind, the of out Job answered Lord the Then
heart. of wise are that any not respecteth he him: fear therefore do Men
afflict. not will he justice: of plenty in and judgment, in and power, in excellent is he out: him find cannot we Almighty, the Touching
majesty. terrible is God with north: the of out cometh weather Fair
them. cleanseth and passeth, wind the but clouds: the in is which light bright the not see men now And
up. swallowed be shall he surely speak, man a if speak? I that him told be it Shall
darkness. of reason by speech our order cannot we for him; unto say shall we what us Teach
glass? looking molten a as and strong, is which sky, the out spread him with thou Hast
wind? south the by earth the quieteth he when warm, are garments thy How
knowledge? in perfect is which him of works wondrous the clouds, the of balancings the know thou Dost
shine? to cloud his of light the caused and them, disposed God when know thou Dost
God. of works wondrous the consider and still, stand Job: O this, unto Hearken
mercy. for or land, his for or correction, for whether come, to it causeth He
earth. the in world the of face the upon them commandeth he whatsoever do may they that counsels: his by about round turned is it And
cloud: bright his scattereth he cloud: thick the wearieth he watering by Also
straitened. is waters the of breadth the and given: is frost God of breath the By
north. the of out cold and whirlwind: the cometh south the of Out
places. their in remain and dens, into go beasts the Then
work. his know may men all that man; every of hand the up sealeth He
strength. his of rain great the to and rain, small the to likewise earth; the on thou Be snow, the to saith he For
comprehend. cannot we which he, doeth things great voice; his with marvellously thundereth God
heard. is voice his when them stay not will he and excellency; his of voice the with thundereth he roareth: voice a it After
earth. the of ends the unto lightning his and heaven, whole the under it directeth He
mouth. his of out goeth that sound the and voice, his of noise the attentively Hear
place. his of out moved is and trembleth, heart my also this At
vapour. the concerning also cattle the it, concerning sheweth thereof noise The
betwixt. cometh that cloud the by shine to not it commandeth and light; the covereth he clouds With
abundance. in meat giveth he people; the he judgeth them by For
sea. the of bottom the covereth and it, upon light his spreadeth he Behold,
tabernacle? his of noise the or clouds, the of spreadings the understand any can Also
abundantly. man upon distil and drop do clouds the Which
thereof: vapour the to according rain down pour they water: of drops the small maketh he For
out. searched be years his of number the can neither not, him know we and great, is God Behold,
off. afar it behold may man it; see may man Every
behold. men which work, his magnify thou that Remember
iniquity? wrought hast Thou say, can who or way? his him enjoined hath Who
him? like teacheth who power: his by exalteth God Behold,
affliction. than rather chosen thou hast this for iniquity: not regard heed, Take
place. their in off cut are people when night, the not Desire
strength. of forces the all nor gold, not no, riches? thy esteem he Will
thee. deliver cannot ransom great a then stroke: his with away thee take he lest beware wrath, is there Because
thee. on hold take justice and judgment wicked: the of judgment the fulfilled hast thou But
fatness. of full be should table thy on set be should which that and straitness; no is there where place, broad a into strait the of out thee removed have he would so Even
oppression. in ears their openeth and affliction, his in poor the delivereth He
unclean. the among is life their and youth, in die They
them. bindeth he when not cry they wrath: up heap heart in hypocrites the But
knowledge. without die shall they and sword, the by perish shall they not, obey they if But
pleasures. in years their and prosperity, in days their spend shall they him, serve and obey they If
iniquity. from return they that commandeth and discipline, to ear their also openeth He
exceeded. have they that transgressions their and work, their them sheweth he Then
affliction; of cords in holden be and fetters, in bound be they if And
exalted. are they and ever, for them establish doth he yea, throne; the on they are kings with but righteous: the from eyes his not withdraweth He
poor. the to right giveth but wicked: the of life the not preserveth He
wisdom. and strength in mighty is he any: not despiseth and mighty, is God Behold,
thee. with is knowledge in perfect is that he false: be not shall words my truly For
Maker. my to righteousness ascribe will and afar, from knowledge my fetch will I
behalf. God's on speak to yet have I that thee shew will I and little, a me Suffer
said, and proceeded, also Elihu
knowledge. without words multiplieth he vain; in mouth his open Job doth Therefore
extremity: great in not it knoweth he yet anger; his in visited hath he so, not is it because now, But
him. in thou trust therefore him; before is judgment yet him, see not shalt thou sayest thou Although
it. regard Almighty the will neither vanity, hear not will God Surely
men. evil of pride the of because answer, giveth none but cry, they There
heaven? of fowls the than wiser us maketh and earth, the of beasts the than more us teacheth Who
night; the in songs giveth who maker, my God is Where saith, none But
mighty. the of arm the of reason by out cry they cry: to oppressed the make they oppressions of multitude the of reason By
man. of son the profit may righteousness thy and art; thou as man a hurt may wickedness Thy
hand? thine of he receiveth what or him? thou givest what righteous, be thou If
him? unto thou doest what multiplied, be transgressions thy if or him? against thou doest what sinnest, thou If
thou. than higher are which clouds the behold and see; and heavens, the unto Look
thee. with companions thy and thee, answer will I
sin? my from cleansed be I if have, I shall profit What and, thee? unto be it will advantage What saidst, thou For
God's? than more is righteousness My saidst, thou that right, be to this thou Thinkest
said, and moreover, spake Elihu
God. against words his multiplieth and us, among hands his clappeth he sin, his unto rebellion addeth he For
men. wicked for answers his of because end the unto tried be may Job that is desire My
wisdom. without were words his and knowledge, without spoken hath Job
me. unto hearken man wise a let and me, tell understanding of men Let
knowest. thou what speak therefore I: not and choose; thou whether or refuse, thou whether it, recompense will he mind? thy to according be it Should
more. no do will I iniquity, done have I if me: thou teach not see I which That
more: any offend not will I chastisement, borne have I God, unto said be to meet is it Surely
ensnared. be people the lest not, reign hypocrite the That
only: man a against or nation, a against done be it whether him? behold can then who face, his hideth he when and trouble? make can then who quietness, giveth he When
afflicted. the of cry the heareth he and him, unto come to poor the of cry the cause they that So
ways: his of any consider not would and him, from back turned they Because
others; of sight open the in men wicked as them striketh He
destroyed. are they that so night, the in them overturneth he and works, their knoweth he Therefore
stead. their in others set and number, without men mighty pieces in break shall He
God. with judgment into enter should he that right; than more man upon lay not will he For
themselves. hide may iniquity of workers the where death, of shadow nor darkness, no is There
goings. his all seeth he and man, of ways the upon are eyes his For
hand. without away taken be shall mighty the and away: pass and midnight, at troubled be shall people the and die, they shall moment a In
hands. his of work the are all they for poor? the than more rich the regardeth nor princes, of persons the not accepteth that him to less much How
ungodly? are Ye princes, to and wicked? art Thou king, a to say to fit it Is
just? most is that him condemn thou wilt and govern? right hateth that he even Shall
words. my of voice the to hearken this: hear understanding, hast thou now If
dust. unto again turn shall man and together, perish shall flesh All
breath; his and spirit his himself unto gather he if man, upon heart his set he If
world? whole the disposed hath who or earth? the over charge a him given hath Who
judgment. pervert Almighty the will neither wickedly, do not will God surely Yea,
ways. his to according find to man every cause and him, unto render he shall man a of work the For
iniquity. commit should he that Almighty, the from and wickedness; do should he that God, from it be far understanding: of men ye me unto hearken Therefore
God. with himself delight should he that nothing man a profiteth It said, hath he For
men. wicked with walketh and iniquity, of workers the with company in goeth Which
water? like scorning up drinketh who Job, like is man What
transgression. without incurable is wound my right? my against lie I Should
judgment. my away taken hath God and righteous: am I said, hath Job For
good. is what ourselves among know us let judgment: us to choose us Let
meat. tasteth mouth the as words, trieth ear the For
knowledge. have that ye me, unto ear give and men; wise ye O words, my Hear
said, and answered Elihu Furthermore
wisdom. thee teach shall I and peace, thy hold me: unto hearken not, If
thee. justify to desire I for speak, me: answer say, to anything hast thou If
speak. will I and peace, thy hold me: unto hearken Job, O well, Mark
living. the of light the with enlightened be to pit, the from soul his back bring To
man, with oftentimes God worketh things these all Lo,
light. the see shall life his and pit, the into going from soul his deliver will He
not; me profited it and right, was which that perverted and sinned, have I say, any if and men, upon looketh He
righteousness. his man unto render will he for joy: with face his see shall he and him: unto favourable be will he and God, unto pray shall He
youth: his of days the to return shall he child's: a than fresher be shall flesh His
ransom. a found have I pit: the to down going from him Deliver saith, and him, unto gracious is he Then
uprightness: his man unto shew to thousand, a among one interpreter, an him, with messenger a be there If
destroyers. the to life his and grave, the unto near draweth soul his Yea,
out. stick seen not were that bones his and seen; be cannot it that away, consumed is flesh His
meat. dainty soul his and bread, abhorreth life his that So
pain: strong with bones his of multitude the and bed, his upon pain with also chastened is He
sword. the by perishing from life his and pit, the from soul his back keepeth He
man. from pride hide and purpose, his from man withdraw may he That
instruction, their sealeth and men, of ears the openeth he Then
bed; the upon slumberings in men, upon falleth sleep deep when night, the of vision a in dream, a In
not. it perceiveth man yet twice, yea once, speaketh God For
matters. his of any of account not giveth he for him? against strive thou dost Why
man. than greater is God that thee, answer will I just: not art thou this in Behold,
paths. my all marketh he stocks, the in feet my putteth He
enemy, his for me counteth he me, against occasions findeth he Behold,
me. in iniquity there is neither innocent; am I transgression, without clean am I
saying, words, thy of voice the heard have I and hearing, mine in spoken hast thou Surely
thee. upon heavy be hand my shall neither afraid, thee make not shall terror my Behold,
clay. the of out formed am also I stead: God's in wish thy to according am I Behold,
up. stand me, before order in words thy set me, answer canst thou If
life. me given hath Almighty the of breath the and me, made hath God of spirit The
clearly. knowledge utter shall lips my and heart: my of uprightness the of be shall words My
mouth. my in spoken hath tongue my mouth, my opened have I now Behold,
words. my all to hearken and speeches, my hear thee, pray I Job, Wherefore,
away. me take soon would maker my doing so in titles; flattering give to not know I For
man. unto titles flattering give me let neither person, man's any accept you, pray I not, me Let
answer. and lips my open will I refreshed: be may I that speak, will I
bottles. new like burst to ready is it vent; no hath which wine as is belly my Behold,
me. constraineth me within spirit the matter, of full am I For
opinion. mine shew will also I part, my also answer will I said, I
more;) no answered and still, stood but not, spake they (for waited, had I When
speaking. off left they more: no answered they amazed, were They
speeches. your with him answer I will neither me: against words his directed not hath he Now
man. not down, him thrusteth God wisdom: out found have We say, should ye Lest
words: his answered that or Job, convinced that you of none was there behold, and, you, unto attended I Yea,
say. to what out searched ye whilst reasons, your to ear gave I words; your for waited I Behold,
opinion. mine shew will also I me; to Hearken said, I Therefore
judgment. understand aged the do neither wise: always not are men Great
understanding. them giveth Almighty the of inspiration the and man: in spirit a is there But
wisdom. teach should years of multitude and speak, should Days said, I
opinion. mine you shew not durst and afraid, was I wherefore old; very are ye and young, am I said, and answered Buzite the Barachel of son the Elihu And
kindled. was wrath his then men, three these of mouth the in answer no was there that saw Elihu When
he. than elder were they because spoken, had Job till waited had Elihu Now
Job. condemned had yet and answer, no found had they because kindled, wrath his was friends three his against Also
God. than rather himself justified he because kindled, wrath his was Job against Ram: of kindred the of Buzite, the Barachel of son the Elihu of wrath the kindled was Then
eyes. own his in righteous was he because Job, answer to ceased men three these So
ended. are Job of words The barley. of instead cockle and wheat, of instead grow thistles Let
life: their lose to thereof owners the caused have or money, without thereof fruits the eaten have I If
complain; thereof likewise furrows the that or me, against cry land my If
him. unto near go I would prince a as steps; my of number the him unto declare would I
me. to crown a as it bind and shoulder, my upon it take would I Surely
book. a written had adversary mine that and me, answer would Almighty the that is, desire my behold, me! hear would one that Oh
door? the of out not went and silence, kept I that me, terrify families of contempt the did or multitude, great a fear I Did
bosom: my in iniquity mine hiding by Adam, as transgressions my covered I If
traveller. the to doors my opened I but street: the in lodge not did stranger The
satisfied. be cannot we flesh! his of had we that Oh not, said tabernacle my of men the If
soul. his to curse a wishing by sin to mouth my suffered I have Neither
him: found evil when myself up lifted or me, hated that him of destruction the at rejoice I If
above. is that God the denied have should I for judge: the by punished be to iniquity an were also This
hand: my kissed hath mouth my or enticed, secretly been hath heart my And
brightness; in walking moon the or shined, it when sun the beheld I If
much; gotten had hand mine because and great, was wealth my because rejoice I If
confidence; my art Thou gold, fine the to said have or hope, my gold made have I If
endure. not could I highness his of reason by and me, to terror a was God from destruction For
bone. the from broken be arm mine and blade, shoulder my from fall arm mine let Then
gate: the in help my saw I when fatherless, the against hand my up lifted have I If
sheep; my of fleece the with warmed not were he if and me, blessed not have loins his If
covering; without poor any or clothing, of want for perish any seen have I If
womb;) mother's my from her guided have I and father, a with as me, with up brought was he youth my from (For
thereof; eaten not hath fatherless the and alone, myself morsel my eaten have Or
fail; to widow the of eyes the caused have or desire, their from poor the withheld have I If
womb? the in us fashion one not did and him? make womb the in me made that he not Did
him? answer I shall what visiteth, he when and up? riseth God when do I shall then What
me; with contended they when maidservant, my of or manservant my of cause the despise did I If
increase. mine all out root would and destruction, to consumeth that fire a is it For
judges. the by punished be to iniquity an is it yea, crime; heinous an is this For
her. upon down bow others let and another, unto grind wife my let Then
door; neighbour's my at wait laid have I if or woman, a by deceived been have heart mine If
out. rooted be offspring my let yea, eat; another let and sow, me let Then
hands; mine to cleaved hath blot any if and eyes, mine after walked heart mine and way, the of out turned hath step my If
integrity. mine know may God that balance even an in weighed be me Let
deceit; to hasted hath foot my if or vanity, with walked have I If
steps? my all count and ways, my see he not Doth
iniquity? of workers the to punishment strange a and wicked? the to destruction not Is
high? on from Almighty the of inheritance what and above? from there is God of portion what For
maid? a upon think I should then why eyes; mine with covenant a made I
weep. that them of voice the into organ my and mourning, to turned is also harp My
heat. with burned are bones my and me, upon black is skin My
owls. to companion a and dragons, to brother a am I
congregation. the in cried I and up, stood I sun: the without mourning went I
me. prevented affliction of days the not: rested and boiled, bowels My
darkness. came there light, for waited I when and me: unto came evil then good, for looked I When
poor? the for grieved soul my not was trouble? in was that him for weep I not Did
destruction. his in cry they though grave, the to hand his out stretch not will he Howbeit
living. all for appointed house the to and death, to me bring wilt thou that know I For
substance. my dissolvest and it, upon ride to me causest thou wind; the to up me liftest Thou
me. against thyself opposest thou hand strong thy with me: to cruel become art Thou
not. me regardest thou and up, stand I me: hear not dost thou and thee, unto cry I
ashes. and dust like become am I and mire, the into me cast hath He
coat. my of collar the as about me bindeth it changed: garment my is disease my of force great the By
rest. no take sinews my and season: night the in me in pierced are bones My
me. upon hold taken have affliction of days the me; upon out poured is soul my now And
cloud. a as away passeth welfare my and wind: the as soul my pursue they me: upon turned are Terrors
me. upon themselves rolled they desolation the in waters: of in breaking wide a as me upon came They
helper. no have they calamity, my forward set they path, my mar They
destruction. their of ways the me against up raise they and feet, my away push they youth; the rise hand right my Upon
me. before bridle the loose let also have they me, afflicted and cord, my loosed hath he Because
face. my in spit to not spare and me, from far flee they me, abhor They
byword. their am I yea, song, their I am now And
earth. the than viler were they men: base of children yea, fools, of children were They
together. gathered were they nettles the under brayed; they bushes the Among
rocks. the in and earth, the of caves in valleys, the of cliffs the in dwell To
thief;) a after as them after cried (they men, among from forth driven were They
meat. their for roots juniper and bushes, the by mallows up cut Who
waste. and desolate time former in wilderness the into fleeing solitary; were they famine and want For
perished? was age old whom in me, profit hands their of strength the might whereto Yea,
flock. my of dogs the with set have to disdained have would I fathers whose derision, in me have I than younger are that they now But
mourners. the comforteth that one as army, the in king a as dwelt and chief, sat and way, their out chose I
down. not cast they countenance my of light the and not; it believed they them, on laughed I If
rain. latter the for as wide mouth their opened they and rain; the for as me for waited they And
them. upon dropped speech my and again; not spake they words my After
counsel. my at silence kept and waited, and ear, gave men me Unto
hand. my in renewed was bow my and me, in fresh was glory My
branch. my upon night all lay dew the and waters, the by out spread was root My
sand. the as days my multiply shall I and nest, my in die shall I said, I Then
teeth. his of out spoil the plucked and wicked, the of jaws the brake I And
out. searched I not knew I which cause the and poor: the to father a was I
lame. the to I was feet and blind, the to eyes was I
diadem. a and robe a as was judgment my me: clothed it and righteousness, on put I
joy. for sing to heart widow's the caused I and me: upon came perish to ready was that him of blessing The
him. help to none had that him and fatherless, the and cried, that poor the delivered I Because
me: to witness gave it me, saw eye the when and me; blessed it then me, heard ear the When
mouth. their of roof the to cleaved tongue their and peace, their held nobles The
mouth. their on hand their laid and talking, refrained princes The
up. stood and arose, aged the and themselves: hid and me, saw men young The
street! the in seat my prepared I when city, the through gate the to out went I When
oil; of rivers out me poured rock the and butter, with steps my washed I When
me; about were children my when me, with yet was Almighty the When
tabernacle; my upon was God of secret the when youth, my of days the in was I As
darkness; through walked I light his by when and head, my upon shined candle his When
me; preserved God when days the in as past, months in as were I that Oh
said, and parable, his continued Job Moreover
understanding. is evil from depart to and wisdom; is that , Lord the of fear the Behold, said, he man unto And
out. it searched and yea, it, prepared he it; declare and it, see he did Then
thunder: the of lightning the for way a and rain, the for decree a made he When
measure. by waters the weigheth he and winds; the for weight the make To
heaven; whole the under seeth and earth, the of ends the to looketh he For
thereof. place the knoweth he and thereof, way the understandeth God
ears. our with thereof fame the heard have We say, death and Destruction
air. the of fowls the from close kept and living, all of eyes the from hid is it Seeing
understanding? of place the is where and wisdom? cometh then Whence
gold. pure with valued be it shall neither it, equal not shall Ethiopia of topaz The
rubies. above is wisdom of price the for pearls: of or coral, of made be shall mention No
gold. fine of jewels for be not shall it of exchange the and it: equal cannot crystal the and gold The
sapphire. the or onyx, precious the with Ophir, of gold the with valued be cannot It
thereof. price the for weighed be silver shall neither gold, for gotten be cannot It
me. with not is It saith, sea the and me: in not is It saith, depth The
living. the of land the in found it is neither thereof; price the not knoweth Man
understanding? of place the is where and found? be wisdom shall where But
light. to forth he bringeth hid is that thing the and overflowing; from floods the bindeth He
thing. precious every seeth eye his and rocks; the among rivers out cutteth He
roots. the by mountains the overturneth he rock; the upon hand his forth putteth He
it. by passed lion fierce the nor it, trodden not have whelps lion's The
seen: not hath eye vulture's the which and knoweth, fowl no which path a is There
gold. of dust hath it and sapphires: of place the are it of stones The
fire. were it as up turned is it under and bread: cometh it of out earth, the for As
men. from away gone are they up, dried are they foot: the of forgotten waters the even inhabitant; the from out breaketh flood The
death. of shadow the and darkness, of stones the perfection: all out searcheth and darkness, to end an setteth He
stone. the of out molten is brass and earth, the of out taken is Iron
it. fine they where gold for place a and silver, the for vein a is there Surely
place. his of out him hiss shall and him, at hands their clap shall Men
hand. his of out flee fain would he spare: not and him, upon cast shall God For
place. his of out him hurleth storm a as and departeth: he and away, him carrieth wind east The
night. the in away him stealeth tempest a waters, as him on hold take Terrors
not. is he and eyes, his openeth he gathered: be not shall he but down, lie shall man rich The
maketh. keeper the that booth a as and moth, a as house his buildeth He
silver. the divide shall innocent the and on, it put shall just the but it, prepare may He
clay; the as raiment prepare and dust, the as silver up heap he Though
weep. not shall widows his and death: in buried be shall him of remain that Those
bread. with satisfied be not shall offspring his and sword: the for is it multiplied, be children his If
Almighty. the of receive shall they which oppressors, of heritage the and God, with man wicked a of portion the is This
vain? altogether thus ye are then why it; seen have yourselves ye all Behold,
conceal. not I will Almighty the with is which that God: of hand the by you teach will I
God? upon call always he will Almighty? the in himself delight he Will
him? upon cometh trouble when cry his hear God Will
soul? his away taketh God when gained, hath he though hypocrite, the of hope the is what For
unrighteous. the as me against up riseth that he and wicked, the as be enemy mine Let
live. I as long so me reproach not shall heart my go: it let not will and fast, hold I righteousness My
me. from integrity mine remove not will I die I till you: justify should I that forbid God
deceit. utter tongue my nor wickedness, speak not shall lips My
nostrils; my in is God of spirit the and me, in is breath my while the All
soul; my vexed hath who Almighty, the and judgment; my away taken hath who liveth, God As
said, and parable, his continued Job Moreover
understand? can who power his of thunder the but him? of heard is portion a little how but ways: his of parts are these Lo,
serpent. crooked the formed hath hand his heavens; the garnished hath he spirit his By
proud. the through smiteth he understanding his by and power, his with sea the divideth He
reproof. his at astonished are and tremble heaven of pillars The
end. an to come night and day the until bounds, with waters the compassed hath He
it. upon cloud his spreadeth and throne, his of face the back holdeth He
them. under rent not is cloud the and clouds; thick his in waters the up bindeth He
nothing. upon earth the hangeth and place, empty the over north the out stretcheth He
covering. no hath destruction and him, before naked is Hell
thereof. inhabitants the and waters, the under from formed are things Dead
thee? from came spirit whose and words? uttered thou hast whom To
is? it as thing the declared plentifully thou hast how and wisdom? no hath that him counselled thou hast How
strength? no hath that arm the thou savest how power? without is that him helped thou hast How
said, and answered Job But
worm? a is which man, of son the and worm? a is that man, less much How
sight. his in pure not are stars the yea, not; shineth it and moon, the to even Behold
woman? a of born is that clean be he can how or God? with justified be man can then How
arise? light his not doth whom upon and armies? his of number any there Is
places. high his in peace maketh he him, with are fear and Dominion
said, and Shuhite, the Bildad answered Then
worth? nothing speech my make and liar, a me make will who now, so not be it if And
corn. of ears the of tops the as off cut and other, all as way the of out taken are they low; brought and gone are but while, little a for exalted are They
ways. their upon are eyes his yet resteth; he whereon safety, in be to him given be it Though
life. of sure is man no and up, riseth he power: his with mighty the also draweth He
widow. the to good not doeth and not: beareth that barren the entreateth evil He
tree. a as broken be shall wickedness and remembered; more no be shall he him; on sweetly feed shall worm the him; forget shall womb The
sinned. have which those grave the doth so waters: snow the consume heat and Drought
vineyards. the of way the not beholdeth he earth: the in cursed is portion their waters; the as swift is He
death. of shadow the of terrors the in are they them, know one if death: of shadow the as even them to is morning the For
light. the not know they daytime: the in themselves for marked had they which houses, through dig they dark the In
face. his disguiseth and me: see shall eye No saying, twilight, the for waiteth adulterer the of also eye The
thief. a as is night the in and needy, and poor the killeth light the with rising murderer The
thereof. paths the in abide nor thereof, ways the not know they light; the against rebel that those of are They
them. to folly not layeth God yet out: crieth wounded the of soul the and city, the of out from groan Men
thirst. suffer and winepresses, their tread and walls, their within oil make Which
hungry; the from sheaf the away take they and clothing, without naked go to him cause They
poor. the of pledge a take and breast, the from fatherless the pluck They
shelter. a of want for rock the embrace and mountains, the of showers the with wet are They
cold. the in covering no have they that clothing, without lodge to naked the cause They
wicked. the of vintage the gather they and field: the in corn his one every reap They
children. their for and them for food yieldeth wilderness the prey: a for betimes rising work; their to forth they go desert, the in asses wild as Behold,
together. themselves hide earth the of poor the way: the of out needy the turn They
pledge. a for ox widow's the take they fatherless, the of ass the away drive They
thereof. feed and flocks, away take violently they landmarks; the remove Some
days? his see not him know that they do Almighty, the from hidden not are times seeing Why,
face. my from darkness the covered he hath neither darkness, the before off cut not was I Because
me: troubleth Almighty the and soft, heart my maketh God For
him. of afraid am I consider, I when presence: his at troubled I am Therefore
him. with are things such many and me: for appointed is that thing the performeth he For
doeth. he that even desireth, soul his what and him? turn can who and mind, one in is he But
food. necessary my than more mouth his of words the esteemed have I lips; his of commandment the from back gone I have Neither
declined. not and kept, I have way his steps, his held hath foot My
gold. as forth come shall I me, tried hath he when take: I that way the knoweth he But
him: see cannot I that hand, right the on himself hideth he him: behold cannot I but work, doth he where hand, left the On
him: perceive cannot I but backward, and there; not is he but forward, go I Behold,
judge. my from ever for delivered be I should so him; with dispute might righteous the There
me. in strength put would he but No; power? great his with me against plead he Will
me. unto say would he what understand and me, answer would he which words the know would I
arguments. with mouth my fill and him, before cause my order would I
seat! his to even come might I that him! find might I where knew I that Oh
groaning. my than heavier is stroke my bitter: complaint my is day to Even
said, and answered Job Then
hands. thine of pureness the by delivered is it and innocent: the of island the deliver shall He
person. humble the save shall he and up; lifting is There say, shalt thou then down, cast are men When
ways. thy upon shine shall light the and thee: unto established be shall it and thing, a decree also shalt Thou
vows. thy pay shalt thou and thee, hear shall he and him, unto prayer thy make shalt Thou
God. unto face thy up lift shalt and Almighty, the in delight thy have thou shalt then For
silver. of plenty have shalt thou and defence, thy be shall Almighty the Yea,
brooks. the of stones the as Ophir of gold the and dust, as gold up lay thou shalt Then
tabernacles. thy from far iniquity away put shalt thou up, built be shalt thou Almighty, the to return thou If
heart. thine in words his up lay and mouth, his from law the thee, pray I Receive,
thee. unto come shall good thereby peace: at be and him, with thyself now Acquaint
consumeth. fire the them of remnant the but down, cut not is substance our Whereas
scorn. to them laugh innocent the and glad: are and it, see righteous The
me. from far is wicked the of counsel the but things: good with houses their filled he Yet
them? for do Almighty the can what and us: from Depart God, unto said Which
flood: a with overflown was foundation whose time, of out down cut were Which
trodden? have men wicked which way old the marked thou Hast
heaven. of circuit the in walketh he and not; seeth he that him, to covering a are clouds Thick
cloud? dark the through judge he can know? God doth How sayest, thou And
are! they high how stars, the of height the behold and heaven? of height the in God not Is
thee. cover waters of abundance and see; not canst thou that darkness, Or
thee; troubleth fear sudden and thee, about round are snares Therefore
broken. been have fatherless the of arms the and empty, away widows sent hast Thou
it. in dwelt man honourable the and earth; the had he man, mighty the for as But
hungry. the from bread withholden hast thou and drink, to weary the to water given not hast Thou
clothing. their of naked the stripped and nought, for brother thy from pledge a taken hast thou For
infinite? iniquities thine and great? wickedness thy not Is
judgment? into thee with enter he will thee? of fear for thee reprove he Will
perfect? ways thy makest thou that him, to gain it is or righteous? art thou that Almighty, the to pleasure any it Is
himself? unto profitable be may wise is that he as God, unto profitable be man a Can
said, and answered Temanite the Eliphaz Then
falsehood? remaineth there answers your in seeing vain, in me ye comfort then How
him. before innumerable are there as him, after draw shall man every and him, unto sweet be shall valley the of clods The
tomb. the in remain shall and grave, the to brought be he shall Yet
done? hath he what him repay shall who and face? his to way his declare shall Who
wrath. of day the to forth brought be shall they destruction? of day the to reserved is wicked the That
tokens, their know not ye do and way? the by go that them asked not ye Have
wicked? the of places dwelling the are where and prince? the of house the is Where say, ye For
me. against imagine wrongfully ye which devices the and thoughts, your know I Behold,
them. cover shall worms the and dust, the in alike down lie shall They
pleasure. with eateth never and soul, his of bitterness the in dieth another And
marrow. with moistened are bones his and milk, of full are breasts His
quiet. and ease at wholly being strength, full his in dieth One
high. are that those judgeth he seeing knowledge? God teach any Shall
midst? the in off cut is months his of number the when him, after house his in he hath pleasure what For
Almighty. the of wrath the of drink shall he and destruction, his see shall eyes His
it. know shall he and him, rewardeth he children: his for iniquity his up layeth God
away. carrieth storm the that chaff as and wind, the before stubble as are They
anger. his in sorrows distributeth God them! upon destruction their cometh oft how and out! put wicked the of candle the is oft How
me. from far is wicked the of counsel the hand: their in not is good their Lo,
him? unto pray we if have, we should profit what and him? serve should we that Almighty, the is What
ways. thy of knowledge the not desire we for us; from Depart God, unto say they Therefore
grave. the to down go moment a in and wealth, in days their spend They
organ. the of sound the at rejoice and harp, and timbrel the take They
dance. children their and flock, a like ones little their forth send They
calf. her not casteth and calveth, cow their not; faileth and gendereth, bull Their
them. upon God of rod the is neither fear, from safe are houses Their
eyes. their before offspring their and them, with sight their in established is seed Their
power? in mighty are yea, old, become live, wicked the do Wherefore
flesh. my on hold taketh trembling and afraid, am I remember I when Even
mouth. your upon hand your lay and astonished, be and me, Mark
troubled? be spirit my not should why so, were it if and man? to complaint my is me, for As
on. mock spoken, have I that after and speak; may I that me Suffer
consolations. your be this let and speech, my diligently Hear
said, and answered Job But
God. by him unto appointed heritage the and God, from man wicked a of portion the is This
wrath. his of day the in away flow shall goods his and depart, shall house his of increase The
him. against up rise shall earth the and iniquity; his reveal shall heaven The
tabernacle. his in left is that him with ill go shall it him; consume shall blown not fire a places: secret his in hid be shall darkness All
him. upon are terrors gall: his of out cometh sword glittering the yea, body; the of out cometh and drawn, is It
through. him strike shall steel of bow the and weapon, iron the from flee shall He
eating. is he while him upon it rain shall and him, upon wrath his of fury the cast shall God belly, his fill to about is he When
him. upon come shall wicked the of hand every straits: in be shall he sufficiency his of fulness the In
goods. his for look man no shall therefore left; be meat his of none shall There
desired. he which that of save not shall he belly, his in quietness feel not shall he Surely
not; builded he which house an away taken violently hath he because poor; the forsaken hath and oppressed hath he Because
therein. rejoice not shall he and be, restitution the shall substance his to according down: it swallow not shall and restore, he shall for laboured he which That
butter. and honey of brooks the floods, the rivers, the see not shall He
him. slay shall tongue viper's the asps: of poison the suck shall He
belly. his of out them cast shall God again: up them vomit shall he and riches, down swallowed hath He
him. within asps of gall the is it turned, is bowels his in meat his Yet
mouth: his within still it keep but not; it forsake and it, spare he Though
tongue; his under it hide he though mouth, his in sweet be wickedness Though
dust. the in him with down lie shall which youth, his of sin the of full are bones His
goods. their restore shall hands his and poor, the please to seek shall children His
him. behold more any place his shall neither more; no him see shall him saw which also eye The
night. the of vision a as away chased be shall he yea, found: be not shall and dream, a as away fly shall He
he? is Where say, shall him seen have which they dung: own his like ever for perish shall he Yet
clouds; the unto reach head his and heavens, the to up mount excellency his Though
moment? a for but hypocrite the of joy the and short, is wicked the of triumphing the That
earth, upon placed was man since old, of this not thou Knowest
answer. to me causeth understanding my of spirit the and reproach, my of check the heard have I
haste. make I this for and answer, to me cause thoughts my do Therefore
said, and Naamathite, the Zophar answered Then
judgment. a is there know may ye that sword, the of punishments the bringeth wrath for sword: the of afraid ye Be
me? in found is matter the of root the seeing him, we persecute Why say, should ye But
me. within consumed be reins my though another; not and behold, shall eyes mine and myself, for see shall I Whom
God: see I shall flesh my in yet body, this destroy worms skin my after though And
earth: the upon day latter the at stand shall he that and liveth, redeemer my that know I For
ever! for rock the in lead and pen iron an with graven were they That
book! a in printed were they that oh written! now were words my that Oh
flesh? my with satisfied not are and God, as me persecute ye do Why
me. touched hath God of hand the for friends; my ye O me, upon pity have me, upon pity Have
teeth. my of skin the with escaped am I and flesh, my to and skin my to cleaveth bone My
me. against turned are loved I whom they and me: abhorred friends inward my All
me. against spake they and arose, I me; despised children young Yea,
body. own mine of sake children's the for intreated I though wife, my to strange is breath My
mouth. my with him intreated I answer; no me gave he and servant, my called I
sight. their in alien an am I stranger: a for me count maids, my and house, mine in dwell that They
me. forgotten have friends familiar my and failed, have kinsfolk My
me. from estranged verily are acquaintance mine and me, from far brethren my put hath He
tabernacle. my about round encamp and me, against way their up raise and together, come troops His
enemies. his of one as him unto me counteth he and me, against wrath his kindled also hath He
tree. a like removed he hath hope mine and gone: am I and side, every on me destroyed hath He
head. my from crown the taken and glory, my of me stripped hath He
paths. my in darkness set hath he and pass, cannot I that way my up fenced hath He
judgment. no is there but aloud, cry I heard: not am I but wrong, of out cry I Behold,
net. his with me compassed hath and me, overthrown hath God that now Know
reproach: my me against plead and me, against yourselves magnify will ye indeed If
myself. with remaineth error mine erred, have I that indeed it be And
me. to strange yourselves make ye that ashamed not are ye me: reproached ye have times ten These
words? with pieces in me break and soul, my vex ye will long How
said, and answered Job Then
God. not knoweth that him of place the is this and wicked, the of dwellings the are such Surely
affrighted. were before went that they as day, his at astonied be shall him after come that They
dwellings. his in remaining any nor people, his among nephew nor son have neither shall He
world. the of out chased and darkness, into light from driven be shall He
street. the in name no have shall he and earth, the from perish shall remembrance His
off. cut be branch his shall above and beneath, up dried be shall roots His
habitation. his upon scattered be shall brimstone his: of none is it because tabernacle, his in dwell shall It
terrors. of king the to him bring shall it and tabernacle, his of out rooted be shall confidence His
strength. his devour shall death of firstborn the even skin: his of strength the devour shall It
side. his at ready be shall destruction and hungerbitten, be shall strength His
feet. his to him drive shall and side, every on afraid him make shall Terrors
way. the in him for trap a and ground, the in him for laid is snare The
him. against prevail shall robber the and heel, the by him take shall gin The
snare. a upon walketh he and feet, own his by net a into cast is he For
down. him cast shall counsel own his and straitened, be shall strength his of steps The
him. with out put be shall candle his and tabernacle, his in dark be shall light The
shine. not shall fire his of spark the and out, put be shall wicked the of light the Yea,
place? his of out removed be rock the shall and thee? for forsaken be earth the shall anger: his in himself teareth He
sight? your in vile reputed and beasts, as counted we are Wherefore
speak. will we afterwards and mark, words? of end an make ye ere be it will long How
said, and Shuhite, the Bildad answered Then
dust. the in is together rest our when pit, the of bars the to down go shall They
it? see shall who hope, my for as hope? my now is where And
sister. my and mother, my art Thou worm, the to father: my art Thou corruption, to said have I
darkness. the in bed my made have I house: mine is grave the wait, I If
darkness. of because short is light the day: into night the change They
heart. my of thoughts the even off, broken are purposes my past, are days My
you. among man wise one find cannot I for now: come and return, ye do all, you for as But
stronger. and stronger be shall hands clean hath that he and way, his on hold shall also righteous The
hypocrite. the against himself up stir shall innocent the and this, at astonied be shall men Upright
shadow. a as are members my all and sorrow, of reason by dim is also eye Mine
tabret. a as was I aforetime and people; the of byword a also me made hath He
fail. shall children his of eyes the even friends, his to flattery speaketh that He
them. exalt not thou shalt therefore understanding: from heart their hid hast thou For
me? with hands strike will that he is who thee; with surety a in me put now, down Lay
provocation? their in continue eye mine not doth and me? with mockers not there Are
me. for ready are graves the extinct, are days my corrupt, is breath My
return. not shall I whence way the go shall I then come, are years few a When
neighbour! his for pleadeth man a as God, with man a for plead might one that O
God. unto tears out poureth eye mine but me: scorn friends My
high. on is record my and heaven, in is witness my behold, now, Also
place. no have cry my let and blood, my thou not cover earth, O
pure. is prayer my also hands: mine in injustice any for Not
death; of shadow the is eyelids my on and weeping, with foul is face My
dust. the in horn my defiled and skin, my upon sackcloth sewed have I
giant. a like me upon runneth he breach, upon breach with me breaketh He
ground. the upon gall my out poureth he spare; not doth and asunder, reins my cleaveth he about, round me compass archers His
mark. his for up me set and pieces, to me shaken and neck, my by me taken also hath he asunder: me broken hath he but ease, at was I
wicked. the of hands the into over me turned and ungodly, the to me delivered hath God
me. against together themselves gathered have they reproachfully; cheek the upon me smitten have they mouth; their with me upon gaped have They
me. upon eyes his sharpeneth enemy mine teeth; his with me upon gnasheth he me: hateth who wrath, his in me teareth He
face. my to witness beareth me in up rising leanness my and me: against witness a is which wrinkles, with me filled hast thou And
company. my all desolate made hast thou weary: me made hath he now But
eased? I am what forbear, I though and asswaged: not is grief my speak, I Though
grief. your asswage should lips my of moving the and mouth, my with you strengthen would I But
you. at head mine shake and you, against words up heap could I stead, soul's my in were soul your if do: ye as speak could also I
answerest? thou that thee emboldeneth what or end? an have words vain Shall
all. ye are comforters miserable things: such many heard have I
said, and answered Job Then
deceit. prepareth belly their and vanity, forth bring and mischief, conceive They
bribery. of tabernacles the consume shall fire and desolate, be shall hypocrites of congregation the For
olive. the as flower his off cast shall and vine, the as grape unripe his off shake shall He
green. be not shall branch his and time, his before accomplished be shall It
recompence. his be shall vanity for vanity: in trust deceived is that him not Let
away. go he shall mouth his of breath the by and branches, his up dry shall flame the darkness; of out depart not shall He
earth. the upon thereof perfection the prolong he shall neither continue, substance his shall neither rich, be not shall He
heaps. become to ready are which inhabiteth, man no which houses in and cities, desolate in dwelleth he And
flanks. his on fat of collops maketh and fatness, his with face his covereth he Because
bucklers: his of bosses thick the upon neck, his on even him, upon runneth He
Almighty. the against himself strengtheneth and God, against hand his out stretcheth he For
battle. the to ready king a as him, against prevail shall they afraid; him make shall anguish and Trouble
hand. his at ready is darkness of day the that knoweth he it? is Where saying, bread, for abroad wandereth He
sword. the of for waited is he and darkness, of out return shall he that not believeth He
him. upon come shall destroyer the prosperity in ears: his in is sound dreadful A
oppressor. the to hidden is years of number the and days, his all pain with travaileth man wicked The
them. among passed stranger no and given, was earth the alone whom Unto
it: hid not have and fathers, their from told have men wise Which
declare; will I seen have I which that and me; hear thee, shew will I
water? like iniquity drinketh which man, is filthy and abominable more much How
sight. his in clean not are heavens the yea, saints; his in trust no putteth he Behold,
righteous? be should he that woman, a of born is which he and clean? be should he that man, is What
mouth? thy of out go words such lettest and God, against spirit thy turnest thou That
at, wink eyes thy do what and away? thee carry heart thine doth Why
thee? with thing secret any there is thee? with small God of consolations the Are
father. thy than elder much men, aged very and grayheaded the both are us With
us? in not is which thou, understandest what not? know we that thou, knowest What
thyself? to wisdom restrain thou dost and God? of secret the heard thou Hast
hills? the before made thou wast or born? was that man first the thou Art
thee. against testify lips own thine yea, I: not and thee, condemneth mouth own Thine
crafty. the of tongue the choosest thou and iniquity, thine uttereth mouth thy For
God. before prayer restrainest and fear, off castest thou Yea,
good? no do can he wherewith speeches with or talk? unprofitable with reason he Should
wind? east the with belly his fill and knowledge, vain utter man wise a Should
said, and Temanite, the Eliphaz answered Then
mourn. shall him within soul his and pain, have shall him upon flesh his But
them. of not it perceiveth he but low, brought are they and not; it knoweth he and honour, to come sons His
away. him sendest and countenance, his changest thou passeth: he and him, against ever for prevailest Thou
man. of hope the destroyest thou and earth; the of dust the of out grow which things the away washest thou stones: the wear waters The
place. his of out removed is rock the and nought, to cometh falling mountains the surely And
iniquity. mine up sewest thou and bag, a in up sealed is transgression My
sin? my over watch not thou dost steps: my numberest thou now For
hands. thine of work the to desire a have wilt thou thee: answer will I and call, shalt Thou
come. change my till wait, I will time appointed my of days the all again? live he shall die, man a If
me! remember and time, set a me appoint wouldest thou that past, be wrath thy until secret, me keep wouldest thou that grave, the in me hide wouldest thou that O
sleep. their of out raised be nor awake, not shall they more, no be heavens the till not: riseth and down, lieth man So
up: drieth and decayeth flood the and sea, the from fail waters the As
he? is where and ghost, the up giveth man yea, away: wasteth and dieth, man But
plant. a like boughs forth bring and bud, will it water of scent the through Yet
ground; the in die thereof stock the and earth, the in old wax thereof root the Though
cease. not will thereof branch tender the that and again, sprout will it that down, cut be it if tree, a of hope is there For
day. his hireling, an as accomplish, shall he till rest, may he that him, from Turn
pass; cannot he that bounds his appointed hast thou thee, with are months his of number the determined, are days his Seeing
one. not unclean? an of out thing clean a bring can Who
thee? with judgment into me bringest and one, an such upon eyes thine open thou doth And
not. continueth and shadow, a as also fleeth he down: cut is and flower, a like forth cometh He
trouble. of full and days few of is woman a of born is that Man
eaten. moth is that garment a as consumeth, thing, rotten a as he, And
feet. my of heels the upon print a settest thou paths; my all unto narrowly lookest and stocks, the in also feet my puttest Thou
youth. my of iniquities the possess to me makest and me, against things bitter writest thou For
stubble? dry the pursue thou wilt and fro? and to driven leaf a break thou Wilt
enemy? thine for me holdest and face, thy thou hidest Wherefore
sin. my and transgression my know to me make sins? and iniquities mine are many How
me. thou answer and speak, me let or answer: will I and thou, call Then
afraid. me make dread thy not let and me: from far hand thine Withdraw
thee. from myself hide not I will then me: unto things two not do Only
ghost. the up give shall I tongue, my hold I if now, for me? with plead will that he is Who
justified. be shall I that know I cause; my ordered have I now, Behold
ears. your with declaration my and speech, my diligently Hear
him. before come not shall hypocrite an for salvation: my be shall also He
him. before ways own mine maintain will I but him: in trust I will yet me, slay he Though
hand? mine in life my put and teeth, my in flesh my take I do Wherefore
will. what me on come let and speak, may I that alone, me let peace, your Hold
clay. of bodies to bodies your ashes, unto like are remembrances Your
you? upon fall dread his and afraid? you make excellency his not Shall
persons. accept secretly do ye if you, reprove surely will He
him? mock so ye do another, mocketh man one as or out? you search should he that good it Is
God? for contend ye will person? his accept ye Will
him? for deceitfully talk and God? for wickedly speak ye Will
lips. my of pleadings the to hearken and reasoning, my now Hear
wisdom. your be should it and peace! your hold altogether would ye that O
value. no of physicians all are ye lies, of forgers are ye But
God. with reason to desire I and Almighty, the to speak would I Surely
you. unto inferior not am I also: know I do same the know, ye What
it. understood and heard hath ear mine this, all seen hath eye mine Lo,
man. drunken a like stagger to them maketh he and light, without dark the in grope They
way. no is there where wilderness a in wander to them causeth and earth, the of people the of chief the of heart the away taketh He
again. them straiteneth and nations, the enlargeth he them: destroyeth and nations, the increaseth He
death. of shadow the light to out bringeth and darkness, of out things deep discovereth He
mighty. the of strength the weakeneth and princes, upon contempt poureth He
aged. the of understanding the away taketh and trusty, the of speech the away removeth He
mighty. the overthroweth and spoiled, away princes leadeth He
girdle. a with loins their girdeth and kings, of bond the looseth He
fools. judges the maketh and spoiled, away counsellors leadeth He
his. are deceiver the and deceived the wisdom: and strength is him With
earth. the overturn they and out, them sendeth he also up: dry they and waters, the withholdeth he Behold,
opening. no be can there and man, a up shutteth he again: built be cannot it and down, breaketh he Behold,
understanding. and counsel hath he strength, and wisdom is him With
understanding. days of length in and wisdom; is ancient the With
meat? his taste mouth the and words? try ear the not Doth
mankind. all of breath the and thing, living every of soul the is hand whose In
this? wrought hath Lord the of hand the that these all in not knoweth Who
thee. unto declare shall sea the of fishes the and thee: teach shall it and earth, the to speak Or
thee: tell shall they and air, the of fowls the and thee; teach shall they and beasts, the now ask But
abundantly. bringeth God hand whose into secure; are God provoke that they and prosper, robbers of tabernacles The
ease. at is that him of thought the in despised lamp a as is feet his with slip to ready is that He
scorn. to laughed is man upright just the him: answereth he and God, upon calleth who neighbour, his of mocked one as am I
these? as things such not knoweth who yea, you: to inferior not am I you; as well as understanding have I But
you. with die shall wisdom and people, the are ye but doubt No
said, and answered Job And
ghost. the of up giving the as be shall hope their and escape, not shall they and fail, shall wicked the of eyes the But
thee. unto suit make shall many yea, afraid; thee make shall none and down, lie shalt thou Also
safety. in rest thy take shalt thou and thee, about dig shalt thou yea, hope; is there because secure, be shalt thou And
morning. the as be shalt thou forth, shine shalt thou noonday: the than clearer be shall age thine And
away: pass that waters as it remember and misery, thy forget shalt thou Because
fear: not shalt and stedfast, be shalt thou yea, spot; without face thy up lift thou shalt then For
tabernacles. thy in dwell wickedness not let and away, far it put hand, thine in be iniquity If
him; toward hands thine out stretch and heart, thine prepare thou If
colt. ass's wild a like born be man though wise, be would men vain For
it? consider then not he will also; wickedness seeth he men: vain knoweth he For
him? hinder can who then together, gather or up, shut and off, cut he If
sea. the than broader and earth, the than longer is thereof measure The
know? thou canst what hell; than deeper do? thou canst what heaven; as high as is It
perfection? unto Almighty the out find thou canst God? out find searching by thou Canst
deserveth. iniquity thine than less thee of exacteth God that therefore Know is! which that to double are they that wisdom, of secrets the thee shew would he that And
thee; against lips his open and speak, would God that oh But
eyes. thine in clean am I and pure, is doctrine My said, hast thou For
ashamed? thee make man no shall mockest, thou when and peace? their hold men make lies thy Should
justified? be talk of full man a should and answered? be words of multitude the not Should
said, and Naamathite, the Zophar answered Then
darkness. as is light the where and order, any without death, of shadow the of and itself; darkness as darkness, of land A
death; of shadow the and darkness of land the to even return, not shall I whence go I Before
little, a comfort take may I that alone, me let and then, cease few? days my not Are
grave. the to womb the from carried been have should I been; not had I though as been have should I
me! seen had eye no and ghost, the up given had I that Oh womb? the of out forth me brought thou hast then Wherefore
me. against are war and changes me; upon indignation thine increasest and me, against witnesses thy renewest Thou
me. upon marvellous thyself shewest thou again and lion: fierce a as me huntest Thou increaseth. it For
affliction; mine thou see therefore confusion; of full am I head. my up lift not I will yet righteous, be I if and me; unto woe wicked, be I If
iniquity. mine from me acquit not wilt thou and me, markest thou then sin, I If
thee. with is this that know I heart: thine in hid thou hast things these And
spirit. my preserved hath visitation thy and favour, and life me granted hast Thou
sinews. and bones with me fenced hast and flesh, and skin with me clothed hast Thou
cheese? like me curdled and milk, as out me poured not thou Hast
again? dust into me bring thou wilt and clay; the as me made hast thou that thee, beseech I Remember,
me. destroy dost thou yet about; round together me fashioned and me made have hands Thine
hand. thine of out deliver can that none is there and wicked; not am I that knowest Thou
sin? my after searchest and iniquity, mine after enquirest thou That
days, man's as years thy are man? of days the as days thy Are
seeth? man as thou seest or flesh? of eyes thou Hast
wicked? the of counsel the upon shine and hands, thine of work the despise shouldest thou that oppress, shouldest thou that thee unto good it Is
me. with contendest thou wherefore me shew me; condemn not Do God, unto say will I
soul. my of bitterness the in speak will I myself; upon complaint my leave will I life; my of weary is soul My
me. with so not is it but him; fear not and speak, I would Then
me: terrify fear his not let and me, from away rod his take him Let
both. us upon hand his lay might that us, betwixt daysman any there is Neither
judgment. in together come should we and him, answer should I that am, I as man, a not is he For
me. abhor shall clothes own mine and ditch, the in me plunge thou shalt Yet
clean; so never hands my make and water, snow with myself wash I If
vain? in I labour then why wicked, be I If
innocent. me hold not wilt thou that know I sorrows, my all of afraid am I
myself: comfort and heaviness, my off leave will I complaint, my forget will I say, I If
prey. the to hasteth that eagle the as ships: swift the as away passed are They
good. no see they away, flee they post: a than swifter are days my Now
he? is who and where, not, if thereof; judges the of faces the covereth he wicked: the of hand the into given is earth The
innocent. the of trial the at laugh will he suddenly, slay scourge the If
wicked. the and perfect the destroyeth He it, said I therefore thing, one is This
life. my despise would I soul: my know not I would yet perfect, were I Though
perverse. me prove also shall it perfect, am I say, I if me: condemn shall mouth own mine myself, justify I If
plead? to time a me set shall who judgment, of if and strong: is he lo, strength, of speak I If
bitterness. with me filleth but breath, my take to me suffer not will He
cause. without wounds my multiplieth and tempest, a with me breaketh he For
voice. my unto hearkened had he that believe not I would yet me; answered had he and called, had I If
judge. my to supplication make would I but answer, not I would yet righteous, were I though Whom,
him? with reason to words my out choose and him, answer I shall less much How
him. under stoop do helpers proud the anger, his withdraw not will God If
thou? doest What him, unto say will who him? hinder can who away, taketh he Behold,
not. him perceive I but also, on passeth he not: him see I and me, by goeth he Lo,
number. without wonders and yea, out; finding past things great doeth Which
south. the of chambers the and Pleiades, and Orion, Arcturus, maketh Which
sea. the of waves the upon treadeth and heavens, the out spreadeth alone Which
stars. the up sealeth and not; riseth it and sun, the commandeth Which
tremble. thereof pillars the and place, her of out earth the shaketh Which
anger. his in them overturneth which not: know they and mountains, the removeth Which
prospered? hath and him, against himself hardened hath who strength: in mighty and heart, in wise is He
thousand. a of one him answer cannot he him, with contend will he If
God? with just be man should how but truth: a of so is it know I
said, and answered Job Then
nought. to come shall wicked the of place dwelling the and shame; with clothed be shall thee hate that They
rejoicing. with lips thy and laughing, with mouth thy fill he Till
doers: evil the help he will neither man, perfect a away cast not will God Behold,
grow. others shall earth the of out and way, his of joy the is this Behold,
thee. seen not have I saying, him, deny shall it then place, his from him destroy he If
stones. of place the seeth and heap, the about wrapped are roots His
garden. his in forth shooteth branch his and sun, the before green is He
endure. not shall it but fast, it hold shall he stand: not shall it but house, his upon lean shall He
web. spider's a be shall trust whose and off, cut be shall hope Whose
perish: shall hope hypocrite's the and God; forget that all of paths the are So
herb. other any before withereth it down, cut not and greenness, his in yet is it Whilst
water? without grow flag the can mire? without up grow rush the Can
heart? their of out words utter and thee, tell and thee, teach they not Shall
shadow:) a are earth upon days our because nothing, know and yesterday, of but are we (For
fathers: their of search the to thyself prepare and age, former the of thee, pray I enquire, For
increase. greatly should end latter thy yet small, was beginning thy Though
prosperous. righteousness thy of habitation the make and thee, for awake would he now surely upright; and pure wert thou If
Almighty; the to supplication thy make and betimes, God unto seek wouldest thou If
transgression; their for away them cast have he and him, against sinned have children thy If
justice? pervert Almighty the doth or judgment? pervert God Doth
wind? strong a like be mouth thy of words the shall long how and things? these speak thou wilt long How
said, and Shuhite, the Bildad answered Then
be. not shall I but morning, the in me seek shalt thou and dust; the in sleep I shall now for iniquity? my away take and transgression, my pardon not thou dost why And
myself? to burden a am I that so thee, against mark a as me set thou hast why men? of preserver thou O thee, unto do I shall what sinned; have I
spittle? my down swallow I till alone me let nor me, from depart not thou wilt long How
moment? every him try and morning, every him visit shouldest thou that And
him? upon heart thine set shouldest thou that and him? magnify shouldest thou that man, is What
vanity. are days my for alone; me let alway: live not would I it; loathe I
life. my than rather death and strangling, chooseth soul my that So
visions: through me terrifiest and dreams, with me scarest thou Then
complaints; my ease shall couch my me, comfort shall bed My say, I When
me? over watch a settest thou that whale, a or sea, a I Am
soul. my of bitterness the in complain will I spirit; my of anguish the in speak will I mouth; my refrain not will I Therefore
more. any him know place his shall neither house, his to more no return shall He
more. no up come shall grave the to down goeth that he so away: vanisheth and consumed is cloud the As
not. am I and me, upon are eyes thine more: no me see shall me seen hath that him of eye The
good. see more no shall eye mine wind: is life my that remember O
hope. without spent are and shuttle, weaver's a than swifter are days My
loathsome. become and broken, is skin my dust; of clods and worms with clothed is flesh My
day. the of dawning the unto fro and to tossings of full am I and gone? be night the and arise, I shall When say, I down, lie I When
me. to appointed are nights wearisome and vanity, of months possess to made I am So
work: his of reward the for looketh hireling an as and shadow, the desireth earnestly servant a As
hireling? an of days the like also days his not are earth? upon man to time appointed an not there Is
things? perverse discern taste my cannot tongue? my in iniquity there Is
it. in is righteousness my again, return yea, iniquity; be not it let you, pray I Return,
lie. I if you unto evident is it for me; upon look content, be therefore Now
friend. your for pit a dig ye and fatherless, the overwhelm ye Yea,
wind? as are which desperate, is that one of speeches the and words, reprove to imagine ye Do
reprove? arguing your doth what but words! right are forcible How
erred. have I wherein understand to me cause and tongue: my hold will I and me, Teach
mighty? the of hand the from me Redeem or, hand? enemy's the from me Deliver Or,
substance? your of me for reward a Give or, me? unto Bring say, I Did
afraid. are and down, casting my see ye nothing; are ye now For
ashamed. were and thither, came they hoped; had they because confounded were They
them. for waited Sheba of companies the looked, Tema of troops The
perish. and nothing, to go they aside; turned are way their of paths The
place. their of out consumed are they hot, is it when vanish: they warm, wax they time What
hid: is snow the wherein and ice, the of reason by blackish are Which
away; pass they brooks of stream the as and brook, a as deceitfully dealt have brethren My
Almighty. the of fear the forsaketh he but friend; his from shewed be should pity afflicted is that him To
me? from quite driven wisdom is and me? in help my not Is
brass? of flesh my is or stones? of strength the strength my Is
life? my prolong should I that end, mine is what and hope? should I that strength, my is What
One. Holy the of words the concealed not have I for spare; not him let sorrow: in myself harden would I yea, comfort; have yet I should Then
off! me cut and hand, his loose let would he that me; destroy to God please would it that Even
for! long I that thing the me grant would God that and request; my have might I that Oh
meat. sorrowful my as are touch to refused soul my that things The
egg? an of white the in taste any there is or salt? without eaten be unsavoury is which that Can
fodder? his over ox the loweth or grass? hath he when bray ass wild the Doth
me. against array in themselves set do God of terrors the spirit: my up drinketh whereof poison the me, within are Almighty the of arrows the For
up. swallowed are words my therefore sea: the of sand the than heavier be would it now For
together! balances the in laid calamity my and weighed, throughly were grief my that Oh
said, and answered Job But
good. thy for it thou know and it, hear is; it so it, searched have we this, Lo
season. his in in cometh corn of shock a as like age, full a in grave thy to come shalt Thou
earth. the of grass the as offspring thine and great, be shall seed thy that also know shalt Thou
sin. not shalt and habitation, thy visit shalt thou and peace; in be shall tabernacle thy that know shalt thou And
thee. with peace at be shall field the of beasts the and field: the of stones the with league in be shalt thou For
earth. the of beasts the of afraid be thou shalt neither laugh: shalt thou famine and destruction At
cometh. it when destruction of afraid be thou shalt neither tongue: the of scourge the from hid be shalt Thou
sword. the of power the from war in and death: from thee redeem shall he famine In
thee. touch evil no shall there seven in yea, troubles: six in thee deliver shall He
whole. make hands his and woundeth, he up: bindeth and sore, maketh he For
Almighty: the of chastening the thou not despise therefore correcteth: God whom man the is happy Behold,
mouth. her stoppeth iniquity and hope, hath poor the So
mighty. the of hand the from and mouth, their from sword, the from poor the saveth he But
night. the in as noonday the in grope and time, day the in darkness with meet They
headlong. carried is froward the of counsel the and craftiness: own their in wise the taketh He
enterprise. their perform cannot hands their that so crafty, the of devices the disappointeth He
safety. to exalted be may mourn which those that low; be that those high on up set To
fields: the upon waters sendeth and earth, the upon rain giveth Who
number: without things marvellous unsearchable; and things great doeth Which
cause: my commit I would God unto and God, unto seek would I
upward. fly sparks the as trouble, unto born is man Yet
ground; the of out spring trouble doth neither dust, the of forth not cometh affliction Although
substance. their up swalloweth robber the and thorns, the of out even it taketh and up, eateth hungry the harvest Whose
them. deliver to any there is neither gate, the in crushed are they and safety, from far are children His
habitation. his cursed I suddenly but root: taking foolish the seen have I
one. silly the slayeth envy and man, foolish the killeth wrath For
turn? thou wilt saints the of which to and thee; answer will that any be there if now, Call
wisdom. without even die, they away? go them in is which excellency their not Doth
it. regarding any without ever for perish they evening: to morning from destroyed are They
moth? the before crushed are which dust, the in is foundation whose clay, of houses in dwell that them in less much How
folly: with charged he angels his and servants; his in trust no put he Behold,
maker? his than pure more be man a shall God? than just more be man mortal Shall
saying, voice, a heard I and silence, was there eyes, mine before was image an thereof: form the discern not could I but still, stood It
up: stood flesh my of hair the face; my before passed spirit a Then
shake. to bones my all made which trembling, and me, upon came Fear
men, on falleth sleep deep when night, the of visions the from thoughts In
thereof. little a received ear mine and me, to brought secretly was thing a Now
abroad. scattered are whelps lion's stout the and prey, of lack for perisheth lion old The
broken. are lions, young the of teeth the and lion, fierce the of voice the and lion, the of roaring The
consumed. they are nostrils his of breath the by and perish, they God of blast the By
same. the reap wickedness, sow and iniquity, plow that they seen, have I as Even
off? cut righteous the were where or innocent? being perished, ever who thee, pray I Remember,
ways? thy of uprightness the and hope, thy confidence, thy fear, thy this not Is
troubled. art thou and thee, toucheth it faintest; thou and thee, upon come is it now But
knees. feeble the strengthened hast thou and falling, was that him upholden have words Thy
hands. weak the strengthened hast thou and many, instructed hast thou Behold,
speaking? from himself withhold can who but grieved? be thou wilt thee, with commune to assay we If
said, and answered Temanite the Eliphaz Then
came. trouble yet quiet; I was neither rest, I had neither safety, in not was I
me. unto come is of afraid was I which that and me, upon come is feared greatly I which thing the For
waters. the like out poured are roarings my and eat, I before cometh sighing my For
in? hedged hath God whom and hid, is way whose man a to given light is Why
grave? the find can they when glad, are and exceedingly, rejoice Which
treasures; hid for than more it for dig and not; cometh it but death, for long Which
soul; in bitter the unto life and misery, in is that him to given light is Wherefore
master. his from free is servant the and there; are great and small The
oppressor. the of voice the not hear they together; rest prisoners the There
rest. at be weary the there and troubling; from cease wicked the There
light. saw never which infants as been; not had I birth untimely hidden an as Or
silver: with houses their filled who gold, had that princes with Or
themselves; for places desolate build which earth, the of counsellors and kings With
rest, at been I had then slept: have should I quiet, been and still lain have I should now For
suck? should I that breasts the why or me? prevent knees the did Why
belly? the of out came I when ghost the up give not I did why womb? the from not I died Why
eyes. mine from sorrow hid nor womb, mother's my of doors the up not shut it Because
day: the of dawning the see it let neither none; have but light, for look it let dark; be thereof twilight the of stars the Let
mourning. their up raise to ready are who day, the curse that it curse them Let
therein. come voice joyful no let solitary, be night that let Lo,
months. the of number the into come not it let year, the of days the unto joined be not it let it; upon seize darkness let night, that for As
it. terrify day the of blackness the let it; upon dwell cloud a let it; stain death of shadow the and darkness Let
it. upon shine light the let neither above, from it regard God not let darkness; be day that Let
conceived. child man a is There said, was it which in night the and born, was I wherein perish day the Let
said, and spake, Job And
day. his cursed and mouth, his Job opened this After
great. very was grief his that saw they for him: unto word a spake none and nights, seven and days seven ground the upon him with down sat they So
heaven. toward heads their upon dust sprinkled and mantle, his one every rent they and wept; and voice, their up lifted they not, him knew and off, afar eyes their up lifted they when And
him. comfort to and him with mourn to come to together appointment an made had they for Naamathite: the Zophar and Shuhite, the Bildad and Temanite, the Eliphaz place; own his from one every came they him, upon come was that evil this all of heard friends three Job's when Now
lips. his with sin Job not did this all In evil? receive not we shall and God, of hand the at good receive we shall What? speaketh. women foolish the of one as speakest Thou her, unto said he But
die. and God, curse integrity? thine retain still thou Dost him, unto wife his said Then
ashes. the among down sat he and withal; himself scrape to potsherd a him took he And
crown. his unto foot his of sole the from boils sore with Job smote and , Lord the of presence the from forth Satan went So
life. his save but hand; thine in is he Behold, Satan, unto said Lord the And
face. thy to thee curse will he and flesh, his and bone his touch and now, hand thine forth put But
life. his for give he will hath man a that all yea, skin, for Skin said, and , Lord the answered Satan And
cause. without him destroy to him, against me movedst thou although integrity, his fast holdeth he still and evil? escheweth and God, feareth that one man, upright an and perfect a earth, the in him like none is there that Job, servant my considered thou Hast Satan, unto said Lord the And
it. in down and up walking from and earth, the in fro and to going From said, and , Lord the answered Satan And thou? comest whence From Satan, unto said Lord the And
. Lord the before himself present to them among also came Satan and , Lord the before themselves present to came God of sons the when day a was there Again
foolishly. God charged nor not, sinned Job this all In
. Lord the of name the be blessed away; taken hath Lord the and gave, Lord the thither: return I shall naked and womb, mother's my of out I came Naked said, And
worshipped, and ground, the upon down fell and head, his shaved and mantle, his rent and arose, Job Then
thee. tell to alone escaped am only I and dead; are they and men, young the upon fell it and house, the of corners four the smote and wilderness, the from wind great a came there behold, And,
house: brother's eldest their in wine drinking and eating were daughters thy and sons Thy said, and another, also came there speaking, yet was he While
thee. tell to alone escaped am only I and sword; the of edge the with servants the slain and yea, away, them carried have and camels, the upon fell and bands, three out made Chaldeans The said, and another, also came there speaking, yet was he While
thee. tell to alone escaped am only I and them; consumed and servants, the and sheep, the up burned hath and heaven, from fallen is God of fire The said, and another, also came there speaking, yet was he While
thee. tell to alone escaped am only I and sword; the of edge the with servants the slain have they yea, away; them took and them, upon fell Sabeans the And
them: beside feeding asses the and plowing, were oxen The said, and Job, unto messenger a came there And
house: brother's eldest their in wine drinking and eating were daughters his and sons his when day a was there And
. Lord the of presence the from forth went Satan So hand. thine forth not put himself upon only power; thy in is hath he that all Behold, Satan, unto said Lord the And
face. thy to thee curse will he and hath, he that all touch and now, hand thine forth put But
land. the in increased is substance his and hands, his of work the blessed hast thou side? every on hath he that all about and house, his about and him, about hedge an made thou not Hast
nought? for God fear Job Doth said, and , Lord the answered Satan Then
evil? escheweth and God, feareth that one man, upright an and perfect a earth, the in him like none is there that Job, servant my considered thou Hast Satan, unto said Lord the And
it. in down and up walking from and earth, the in fro and to going From said, and , Lord the answered Satan Then thou? comest Whence Satan, unto said Lord the And
them. among also came Satan and , Lord the before themselves present to came God of sons the when day a was there Now
continually. Job did Thus hearts. their in God cursed and sinned, have sons my that be may It said, Job for all: them of number the to according offerings burnt offered and morning, the in early up rose and them, sanctified and sent Job that about, gone were feasting their of days the when so, was it And
them. with drink to and eat to sisters three their for called and sent and day; his one every houses, their in feasted and went sons his And
east. the of men the all of greatest the was man this that so household; great very a and asses, she hundred five and oxen, of yoke hundred five and camels, thousand three and sheep, thousand seven was also substance His
daughters. three and sons seven him unto born were there And
evil. eschewed and God, feared that one and upright, and perfect was man that and Job; was name whose Uz, of land the in man a was There
Job
seed. his all to peace speaking and people, his of wealth the seeking brethren, his of multitude the of accepted and Jews, the among great and Ahasuerus, king unto next was Jew the Mordecai For
Persia? and Media of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are him, advanced king the whereunto Mordecai, of greatness the of declaration the and might, his of and power his of acts the all And
sea. the of isles the upon and land, the upon tribute a laid Ahasuerus king the And
book. the in written was it and Purim; of matters these confirmed Esther of decree the And
cry. their and fastings the of matters the seed, their for and themselves for decreed had they as and them, enjoined had queen the Esther and Jew the Mordecai as according appointed, times their in Purim of days these confirm To
truth, and peace of words with Ahasuerus, of kingdom the of provinces seven and twenty hundred the to Jews, the all unto letters the sent he And
Purim. of letter second this confirm to authority, all with wrote Jew, the Mordecai and Abihail, of daughter the queen, the Esther Then
seed. their from perish them of memorial the nor Jews, the among from fail not should Purim of days these that and city; every and province, every family, every generation, every throughout kept and remembered be should days these that And
year; every time appointed their to according and writing, their to according days two these keep would they that fail, not should it as so them, unto themselves joined as such all upon and seed, their upon and them, upon took and ordained, Jews The
them, unto come had which and matter, this concerning seen had they which that of and letter, this of words the all for Therefore Pur. of name the after Purim days these called they Wherefore
gallows. the on hanged be should sons his and he that and head, own his upon return should Jews, the against devised he which device, wicked his that letters by commanded he king, the before came Esther when But
them; destroy to and them, consume to lot, the is, that Pur, cast had and them, destroy to Jews the against devised had Jews, the all of enemy the Agagite, the Hammedatha, of son the Haman Because
them; unto written had Mordecai as and begun, had they as do to undertook Jews the And
poor. the to gifts and another, to one portions sending of and joy, and feasting of days them make should they that day: good a into mourning from and joy, to sorrow from them unto turned was which month the and enemies, their from rested Jews the wherein days the As
yearly, same, the of day fifteenth the and Adar, month the of day fourteenth the keep should they that them, among this stablish To
far, and nigh both Ahasuerus, king the of provinces the all in were that Jews the all unto letters sent and things, these wrote Mordecai And
another. to one portions sending of and day, good a and feasting, and gladness of day a Adar month the of day fourteenth the made towns, unwalled the in dwelt that villages, the of Jews the Therefore
gladness. and feasting of day a it made and rested, they same the of day fifteenth the on and thereof; fourteenth the on and thereof, day thirteenth the on together assembled Shushan at were that Jews the But
gladness. and feasting of day a it made and they, rested same the of day fourteenth the on and Adar; month the of day thirteenth the On
prey, the on hands their not laid they but thousand, five and seventy foes their of slew and enemies, their from rest had and lives, their for stood and together, themselves gathered provinces king's the in were that Jews other the But
hand. their not laid they prey the on but Shushan; at men hundred three slew and Adar, month the of also day fourteenth the on together themselves gathered Shushan in were that Jews the For
sons. ten Haman's hanged they and Shushan; at given was decree the and done: be to so it commanded king the And
gallows. the upon hanged be sons ten Haman's let and decree, day's this unto according also morrow to do to Shushan in are which Jews the to granted be it let king, the please it If Esther, said Then
done. be shall it and further? request thy is what or thee: granted be shall it and petition? thy is what now provinces? king's the of rest the in done they have what Haman; of sons ten the and palace, the Shushan in men hundred five destroyed and slain have Jews The queen, the Esther unto said king the And
king. the before brought was palace the Shushan in slain were that those of number the day that On
hand. their not they laid spoil the on but they; slew Jews, the of enemy the Hammedatha, of son the Haman of sons ten The
Vajezatha, and Aridai, and Arisai, and Parmashta, And
Aridatha, and Adalia, and Poratha, And
Aspatha, and Dalphon, and Parshandatha, And
men. hundred five destroyed and slew Jews the palace the Shushan in And
them. hated that those unto would they what did and destruction, and slaughter, and sword, the of stroke the with enemies their all smote Jews the Thus
greater. and greater waxed Mordecai man this for provinces: the all throughout out went fame his and house, king's the in great was Mordecai For
them. upon fell Mordecai of fear the because Jews; the helped king, the of officers and deputies, the and lieutenants, the and provinces, the of rulers the all And
people. all upon fell them of fear the for them; withstand could man no and hurt: their sought as such on hand lay to Ahasuerus, king the of provinces the all throughout cities their in together themselves gathered Jews The
them;) hated that them over rule had Jews the that contrary, the to turned was it (though them, over power have to hoped Jews the of enemies the that day the in execution, in put be to near drew decree his and commandment king's the when same, the of day thirteenth the on Adar, month the is, that month, twelfth the in Now
them. upon fell Jews the of fear the for Jews; became land the of people the of many And day. good a and feast a gladness, and joy had Jews the came, decree his and commandment king's the whithersoever city, every in and province, every in And
honour. and joy, and gladness, and light, had Jews The
glad. was and rejoiced Shushan of city the and purple: and linen fine of garment a with and gold, of crown great a with and white, and blue of apparel royal in king the of presence the from out went Mordecai And
palace. the Shushan at given was decree the And commandment. king's the by on pressed and hastened being out, went camels and mules upon rode that posts the So
enemies. their on themselves avenge to day that against ready be should Jews the that and people, all unto published was province every in given be to commandment a for writing the of copy The
Adar. month the is which month, twelfth the of day thirteenth the upon namely, Ahasuerus, king of provinces the all in day one Upon
prey, a for them of spoil the take to and women, and ones little both them, assault would that province and people the of power the all perish, to cause to and slay to destroy, to life, their for stand to and together, themselves gather to city every in were which Jews the granted king the Wherein
dromedaries: young and camels, mules, on riders and horseback, on posts by letters sent and ring, king's the with it sealed and name, Ahasuerus' king the in wrote he And
language. their to according and writing, their to according Jews the to and language, their after people every unto and thereof, writing the to according province every unto provinces, seven and twenty hundred an Ethiopia, unto India from are which provinces the of rulers and deputies the and lieutenants, the to and Jews, the unto commanded Mordecai that all to according written was it and thereof; day twentieth and three the on Sivan, month the is, that month, third the in time that at called scribes king's the were Then
reverse. man no may ring, king's the with sealed and name, king's the in written is which writing the for ring: king's the with it seal and name, king's the in you, liketh it as Jews, the for also ye Write
Jews. the upon hand his laid he because gallows, the upon hanged have they him and Haman, of house the Esther given have I Behold, Jew, the Mordecai to and queen the Esther unto said Ahasuerus king the Then
kindred? my of destruction the see to endure I can how or people? my unto come shall that evil the see to endure I can how For
provinces: king's the all in are which Jews the destroy to wrote he which Agagite, the Hammedatha of son the Haman by devised letters the reverse to written be it let eyes, his in pleasing be I and king, the before right seem thing the and sight, his in favour have I if and king, the please it If said, And
king, the before stood and arose, Esther So Esther. toward sceptre golden the out held king the Then
Jews. the against devised had he that device his and Agagite, the Haman of mischief the away put to tears with him besought and feet, his at down fell and king, the before again yet spake Esther And
Haman. of house the over Mordecai set Esther And Mordecai. unto it gave and Haman, from taken had he which ring, his off took king the And
her. unto was he what told had Esther for king; the before came Mordecai And queen. the Esther unto enemy Jews' the Haman of house the give Ahasuerus king the did day that On
pacified. wrath king's the was Then Mordecai. for prepared had he that gallows the on Haman hanged they So
thereon. him Hang said, king the Then Haman. of house the in standeth king, the for good spoken who Mordecai, for made had Haman which high, cubits fifty gallows the also, Behold king, the before said chamberlains, the of one Harbonah, And
face. Haman's covered they mouth, king's of out went word the As house? the in me before also queen the force he Will king, the said Then was. Esther whereon bed the upon fallen was Haman and wine; of banquet the of place the into garden palace the of out returned king the Then
king. the by him against determined evil was there that saw he for queen; the Esther to life his for request make to up stood Haman and garden: palace the into went wrath his in wine of banquet the from arising king the And
queen. the and king the before afraid was Haman Then Haman. wicked this is enemy and adversary The said, Esther And
so? do to heart his in presume durst that he, is where and he, is Who queen, the Esther unto said and answered Ahasuerus king the Then
damage. king's the countervail not could enemy the although tongue, my held had I bondwomen, and bondmen for sold been had we if But perish. to and slain, be to destroyed, be to people, my and I sold, are we For
request: my at people my and petition, my at me given be life my let king, the please it if and king, O sight, thy in favour found have I If said, and answered queen the Esther Then
kingdom. the of half the to even performed, be shall it and request? thy is what and thee: granted be shall it and Esther? queen petition, thy is What wine, of banquet the at day second the on Esther unto again said king the And
queen. the Esther with banquet to came Haman and king the So
prepared. had Esther that banquet the unto Haman bring to hasted and chamberlains, king's the came him, with talking yet were they while And
him. before fall surely shalt but him, against prevail not shalt thou fall, to begun hast thou whom before Jews, the of seed the of be Mordecai If him, unto wife his Zeresh and men wise his said Then him. befallen had that thing every friends his all and wife his Zeresh told Haman And
covered. head his having and mourning, house his to hasted Haman But gate. king's the to again came Mordecai And
honour. to delighteth king the whom man the unto done be it shall Thus him, before proclaimed and city, the of street the through horseback on him brought and Mordecai, arrayed and horse, the and apparel the Haman took Then
spoken. hast thou that all of fail nothing let gate: king's the at sitteth that Jew, the Mordecai to so even do and said, hast thou as horse, the and apparel the take and haste, Make Haman, to said king the Then
honour. to delighteth king the whom man the to done be it shall Thus him, before proclaim and city, the of street the through horseback on him bring and honour, to delighteth king the whom withal man the array may they that princes, noble most king's the of one of hand the to delivered be horse and apparel this let And
head: his upon set is which royal crown the and upon, rideth king the that horse the and wear, to useth king the which brought be apparel royal the Let
honour, to delighteth king the whom man the For king, the answered Haman And
myself? to than more honour do to delight king the would whom To heart, his in thought Haman Now honour? to delighteth king the whom man the unto done be shall What him, unto said king the And in. came Haman So
in. come him Let said, king the And court. the in standeth Haman Behold, him, unto said servants king's the And
him. for prepared had he that gallows the on Mordecai hang to king the unto speak to house, king's the of court outward the into come was Haman Now court? the in is Who said, king the And
him. for done nothing is There him, unto ministered that servants king's the said Then this? for Mordecai to done been hath dignity and honour What said, king the And
Ahasuerus. king the on hand lay to sought who door, the of keepers the chamberlains, king's the of two Teresh, and Bigthana of told had Mordecai that written, found was it And
king. the before read were they and chronicles; the of records of book the bring to commanded he and sleep, king the not could night that On
made. be to gallows the caused he and Haman; pleased thing the And banquet. the unto king the with merrily in thou go then thereon: hanged be may Mordecai that king the unto thou speak morrow to and high, cubits fifty of made be gallows a Let him, unto friends his all and wife his Zeresh said Then
gate. king's the at sitting Jew the Mordecai see I as long so nothing, me availeth this all Yet
king. the with also her unto invited I am morrow to and myself; but prepared had she that banquet the unto king the with in come man no let did queen the Esther Yea, moreover, said Haman
king. the of servants and princes the above him advanced had he how and him, promoted had king the wherein things the all and children, his of multitude the and riches, his of glory the of them told Haman And
wife. his Zeresh and friends, his for called and sent he home, came he when and himself: refrained Haman Nevertheless
Mordecai. against indignation of full was he him, for moved nor up, not stood he that gate, king's the in Mordecai saw Haman when but heart: glad a with and joyful day that forth Haman went Then
said. hath king the as morrow to do will I and them, for prepare shall I that banquet the to come Haman and king the let request, my perform to and petition, my grant to king the please it if and king, the of sight the in favour found have I If
is; request my and petition My said, and Esther, answered Then
performed. be shall it kingdom the of half the to even request? thy is what and thee: granted be shall it and petition? thy is What wine, of banquet the at Esther unto said king the And
prepared. had Esther that banquet the to came Haman and king the So said. hath Esther as do may he that haste, make to Haman Cause said, king the Then
him. for prepared have I that banquet the unto day this come Haman and king the let king, the unto good seem it If answered, Esther And
kingdom. the of half the to thee given even be shall it request? thy is what and Esther? queen thou, wilt What her, unto king the said Then
sceptre. the of top the touched and near, drew Esther So hand. his in was that sceptre golden the Esther to out held king the and sight: his in favour obtained she that court, the in standing queen the Esther saw king the when so, was it And
house. the of gate the against over house, royal the in throne royal his upon sat king the and house: king's the against over house, king's the of court inner the in stood and apparel, royal her on put Esther that day, third the on pass to came it Now
him. commanded had Esther that all to according did and way, his went Mordecai So
perish. I perish, I if and law: the to according not is which king, the unto in go I will so and likewise; fast will maidens my and also I day: or night days, three drink nor eat neither and me, for ye fast and Shushan, in present are that Jews the all together gather Go,
answer, this Mordecai return them bade Esther Then
this? as time a such for kingdom the to come art thou whether knoweth who and destroyed: be shall house father's thy and thou but place; another from Jews the to arise deliverance and enlargement there shall then time, this at peace thy holdest altogether thou if For
Jews. the all than more house, king's the in escape shalt thou that thyself with not Think Esther, answer to commanded Mordecai Then
words. Esther's Mordecai to told they And
days. thirty these king the unto in come to called been not have I but live: may he that sceptre, golden the out hold shall king the whom to such except death, to him put to his of law one is there called, not is who court, inner the into king the unto come shall women, or man whether whosoever, that know, do provinces, king's the of people the and servants, king's the All
Mordecai; unto commandment him gave and Hatach, unto spake Esther Again
Mordecai. of words the Esther told and came Hatach And
people. her for him before request make to and him, unto supplication make to king, the unto in go should she that her charge to and her, unto it declare to and Esther, unto it shew to them, destroy to Shushan at given was that decree the of writing the of copy the him gave he Also
them. destroy to Jews, the for treasuries king's the to pay to promised had Haman that money the of sum the of and him, unto happened had that all of him told Mordecai And
gate. king's the before was which city, the of street the unto Mordecai to forth went Hatach So
was. it why and was, it what know to Mordecai, to commandment a him gave and her, upon attend to appointed had he whom chamberlains, king's the of one Hatach, for Esther called Then
not. it received he but him: from sackcloth his away take to and Mordecai, clothe to raiment sent she and grieved; exceedingly queen the was Then her. it told and came chamberlains her and maids Esther's So
ashes. and sackcloth in lay many and wailing; and weeping, and fasting, and Jews, the among mourning great was there came, decree his and commandment king's the whithersoever province, every in And
sackcloth. with clothed gate king's the into enter might none for gate: king's the before even came And
cry; bitter a and loud a with cried and city, the of midst the into out went and ashes, with sackcloth on put and clothes, his rent Mordecai done, was that all perceived Mordecai When
perplexed. was Shushan city the but drink; to down sat Haman and king the And palace. the Shushan in given was decree the and commandment, king's the by hastened being out, went posts The
day. that against ready be should they that people, all unto published was province every in given be to commandment a for writing the of copy The
prey. a for them of spoil the take to and Adar, month the is which month, twelfth the of day thirteenth the upon even day, one in women, and children little old, and young both Jews, all perish, to cause to and kill, to destroy, to provinces, king's the all into posts by sent were letters the And
ring. king's the with sealed and written, it was Ahasuerus king of name the in language; their after people every to and thereof, writing the to according province every of people every of rulers the to and province, every over were that governors the to and lieutenants, king's the unto commanded had Haman that all to according written was there and month, first the of day thirteenth the on called scribes king's the were Then
thee. to good seemeth it as them with do to also, people the thee, to given is silver The Haman, unto said king the And
enemy. Jews' the Agagite, the Hammedatha of son the Haman unto it gave and hand, his from ring his took king the And
treasuries. king's the into it bring to business, the of charge the have that those of hands the to silver of talents thousand ten pay will I and destroyed: be may they that written be it let king, the please it If
them. suffer to profit king's the for not is it therefore laws: king's the they keep neither people; all from diverse are laws their and kingdom; thy of provinces the all in people the among dispersed and abroad scattered people certain a is There Ahasuerus, king unto said Haman And
Adar. month the is, that month, twelfth the to month, to month from and day, to day from Haman before lot, the is, that Pur, cast they Ahasuerus, king of year twelfth the in Nisan, month the is, that month, first the In
Mordecai. of people the even Ahasuerus, of kingdom whole the throughout were that Jews the all destroy to sought Haman wherefore Mordecai: of people the him shewed had they for alone; Mordecai on hands lay to scorn thought he And
wrath. of full Haman was then reverence, him did nor not, bowed Mordecai that saw Haman when And
Jew. a was he that them told had he for stand: would matters Mordecai's whether see to Haman, told they that them, unto not hearkened he and him, unto daily spake they when pass, to came it Now
commandment? king's the thou transgressest Why Mordecai, unto said gate, king's the in were which servants, king's the Then
reverence. him did nor not, bowed Mordecai But him. concerning commanded so had king the for Haman: reverenced and bowed, gate, king's the in were that servants, king's the all And
him. with were that princes the all above seat his set and him, advanced and Agagite, the Hammedatha of son the Haman promote Ahasuerus king did things these After
king. the before chronicles the of book the in written was it and tree: a on hanged both were they therefore out; found was it matter, the of made was inquisition when And
name. Mordecai's in thereof king the certified Esther and queen; the Esther unto it told who Mordecai, to known was thing the And
Ahasuerus. king the on hands lay to sought and wroth, were door, the kept which those of Teresh, and Bigthan chamberlains, king's the of two gate, king's the in sat Mordecai while days, those In
him. with up brought was she when as like Mordecai, of commandment the did Esther for her: charged had Mordecai as people; her nor kindred her shewed yet not had Esther
gate. king's the in sat Mordecai then time, second the together gathered were virgins the when And
king. the of state the to according gifts, gave and provinces, the to release a made he and feast; Esther's even servants, his and princes his all unto feast great a made king the Then
Vashti. of instead queen her made and head, her upon crown royal the set he that so virgins; the all than more sight his in favour and grace obtained she and women, the all above Esther loved king the And
reign. his of year seventh the in Tebeth, month the is which month, tenth the in royal house his into Ahasuerus king unto taken was Esther So
her. upon looked that them all of sight the in favour obtained Esther And appointed. women, the of keeper the chamberlain, king's the Hegai what but nothing required she king, the unto in go to come was daughter, his for her taken had who Mordecai, of uncle the Abihail of daughter the Esther, of turn the when Now
name. by called were she that and her, in delighted king the except more, no king the unto in came she concubines: the kept which chamberlain, king's the Shaashgaz, of custody the to women, the of house second the into returned she morrow the on and went, she evening the In
house. king's the unto women the of house the of out her with go to her given was desired she whatsoever king; the unto maiden every came thus Then
women;) the of purifying the for things other with and odours, sweet with months six and myrrh, of oil with months six wit, to accomplished, purifications their of days the were so (for women, the of manner the to according months, twelve been had she that after Ahasuerus, king to in go to come was turn maid's every when Now
her. of become should what and did, Esther how know to house, women's the of court the before day every walked Mordecai And
it. shew not should she that her charged had Mordecai for kindred: her nor people her shewed not had Esther
women. the of house the of place best the unto maids her and her preferred he and house: king's the of out her, given be to meet were which maidens, seven and her, to belonged as things such with purification, for things her her gave speedily he and him; of kindness obtained she and him, pleased maiden the And
women. the of keeper Hegai, of custody the to house, king's the unto also brought was Esther that Hegai, of custody the to palace, the Shushan unto together gathered were maidens many when and heard, was decree his and commandment king's the when pass, to came it So
daughter. own his for took dead, were mother and father her when Mordecai, whom beautiful; and fair was maid the and mother, nor father neither had she for daughter: uncle's his Esther, is, that Hadassah, up brought he And
away. carried had Babylon of king the Nebuchadnezzar whom Judah, of king Jeconiah with away carried been had which captivity the with Jerusalem from away carried been had Who
Benjamite; a Kish, of son the Shimei, of son the Jair, of son the Mordecai, was name whose Jew, certain a was there palace the Shushan in Now
so. did he and king; the pleased thing the And Vashti. of instead queen be king the pleaseth which maiden the let And
them: given be purification for things their let and women; the of keeper chamberlain, king's the Hege of custody the unto women, the of house the to palace, the Shushan unto virgins young fair the all together gather may they that kingdom, his of provinces the all in officers appoint king the let And
king: the for sought virgins young fair be there Let him, unto ministered that servants king's the said Then
her. against decreed was what and done, had she what and Vashti, remembered he appeased, was Ahasuerus king of wrath the when things, these After
people. every of language the to according published be should it that and house, own his in rule bear should man every that language, their after people every to and thereof, writing the to according province every into provinces, king's the all into letters sent he For
Memucan: of word the to according did king the and princes; the and king the pleased saying the And
small. and great to both honour, husbands their to give shall wives the all great,) is it (for empire, his all throughout published be shall make shall he which decree king's the when And
she. than better is that another unto estate royal her give king the let and Ahasuerus; king before more no come Vashti That altered, not be it that Medes, the and Persians the of laws the among written be it let and him, from commandment royal a go there let king, the please it If
wrath. and contempt much too arise there shall Thus queen. the of deed the of heard have which princes, king's the all unto day this say Media and Persia of ladies the shall Likewise
not. came she but him, before in brought be to queen the Vashti commanded Ahasuerus king The reported, be shall it when eyes, their in husbands their despise shall they that so women, all unto abroad come shall queen the of deed this For
Ahasuerus. king the of provinces the all in are that people the all to and princes, the all to also but only, king the to wrong done not hath queen the Vashti princes, the and king the before answered Memucan And
chamberlains? the by Ahasuerus king the of commandment the performed not hath she because law, to according Vashti queen the unto do we shall What
kingdom;) the in first the sat which and face, king's the saw which Media, and Persia of princes seven the Memucan, and Marsena, Meres, Tarshish, Admatha, Shethar, Carshena, was him unto next the And
judgment: and law knew that all toward manner king's the was so (for times, the knew which men, wise the to said king the Then
him. in burned anger his and wroth, very king the was therefore chamberlains: his by commandment king's the at come to refused Vashti queen the But
on. look to fair was she for beauty: her princes the and people the shew to royal, crown the with king the before queen the Vashti bring To
king, the Ahasuerus of presence the in served that chamberlains seven the Carcas, and Zethar, Abagtha, and Bigtha, Harbona, Biztha, Mehuman, commanded he wine, with merry was king the of heart the when day, seventh the On
Ahasuerus. king to belonged which house royal the in women the for feast a made queen the Vashti Also
pleasure. man's every to according do should they that house, his of officers the all to appointed had king the so for compel: did none law; the to according was drinking the And
king. the of state the to according abundance, in wine royal and another,) from one diverse being vessels (the gold, of vessels in drink them gave they And
marble. black, and white, and blue, and red, of pavement a upon silver, and gold of were beds the marble: of pillars and rings silver to purple and linen fine of cords with fastened hangings, blue, and green, white, were Where
palace; king's the of garden the of court the in days, seven small, and great unto both palace, the Shushan in present were that people the all unto feast a made king the expired, were days these when And
days. fourscore and hundred an even days, many majesty excellent his of honour the and kingdom glorious his of riches the shewed he When
him: before being provinces, the of princes and nobles the Media, and Persia of power the servants; his and princes his all unto feast a made he reign, his of year third the In
palace, the Shushan in was which kingdom, his of throne the on sat Ahasuerus king the when days, those in That
provinces:) twenty and seven and hundred an over Ethiopia, unto even India from reigned, which Ahasuerus is (this Ahasuerus, of days the in pass to came it Now
Esther
good. for God, my O me, Remember firstfruits. the for and appointed, times at offering, wood the for And
business; his in one every Levites, the and priests the of wards the appointed and strangers, all from them I cleansed Thus
Levites. the of and priesthood, the of covenant the and priesthood, the defiled have they because God, my O them, Remember
me. from him chased I therefore Horonite: the Sanballat to law in son was priest, high the Eliashib of son the Joiada, of sons the of one And
wives? strange marrying in God our against transgress to evil, great this all do to you unto hearken then we Shall
sin. to cause women outlandish did him even nevertheless Israel: all over king him made God and God, his of beloved was who him, like king no there was nations many among yet things? these by sin Israel of king Solomon not Did
yourselves. for or sons, your unto daughters their take nor sons, their unto daughters your give not shall Ye saying, God, by swear them made and hair, their off plucked and them, of certain smote and them, cursed and them, with contended I And
people. each of language the to according but language, Jews' the in speak not could and Ashdod, of speech the in half spake children their And
Moab: of and Ammon, of Ashdod, of wives married had that Jews I saw also days those In
mercy. thy of greatness the to according me spare and also, this concerning God, my O me, Remember day. sabbath the sanctify to gates, the keep and come should they that and themselves, cleanse should they that Levites the commanded I And
sabbath. the on more no they came forth time that From you. on hands lay will I again, so do ye if wall? the about ye lodge Why them, unto said and them, against testified I Then
twice. or once Jerusalem without lodged ware of kind all of sellers and merchants the So
day. sabbath the on in brought be burden no should there that gates, the at I set servants my of some and sabbath: the after till opened be not should they that charged and shut, be should gates the that commanded I sabbath, the before dark be to began Jerusalem of gates the when that pass, to came it And
sabbath. the profaning by Israel upon wrath more bring ye yet city? this upon and us, upon evil this all bring God our not did and thus, fathers your not Did
day? sabbath the profane and do, ye that this is thing evil What them, unto said and Judah, of nobles the with contended I Then
Jerusalem. in and Judah, of children the unto sabbath the on sold and ware, of manner all and fish, brought which therein, also Tyre of men dwelt There
victuals. sold they wherein day the in them against testified I and day: sabbath the on Jerusalem into brought they which burdens, of manner all and figs, and grapes, wine, also as asses; lading and sheaves, in bringing and sabbath, the on presses wine treading some Judah in I saw days those In
thereof. offices the for and God, my of house the for done have I that deeds good my out not wipe and this, concerning God, my O me, Remember
brethren. their unto distribute to was office their and faithful, counted were they for Mattaniah: of son the Zaccur, of son the Hanan was them to next and Pedaiah: Levites, the of and scribe, the Zadok and priest, the Shelemiah treasuries, the over treasurers made I And
treasuries. the unto oil the and wine new the and corn the of tithe the Judah all brought Then
place. their in them set and together, them gathered I And forsaken? God of house the is Why said, and rulers, the with I contended Then
field. his to one every fled were work, the did that singers, the and Levites the for them: given been not had Levites the of portions the that perceived I And
frankincense. the and offering meat the with God, of house the of vessels the again I brought thither and chambers: the cleansed they and commanded, I Then
chamber. the of out Tobiah to stuff household the all forth cast I therefore sore: me grieved it And
God. of house the of courts the in chamber a him preparing in Tobiah, for did Eliashib that evil the of understood and Jerusalem, to came I And
king: the of leave I obtained days certain after and king, the unto I came Babylon of king Artaxerxes of year thirtieth and two the in for Jerusalem: at I not was time this all in But
priests. the of offerings the and porters; the and singers, the and Levites, the to given be to commanded was which oil, the and wine, new the corn, the of tithes the and vessels, the and frankincense, the offerings, meat the laid they aforetime where chamber, great a him for prepared had he And
Tobiah: unto allied was God, our of house the of chamber the of oversight the having priest, the Eliashib this, before And
multitude. mixed the all Israel from separated they that law, the heard had they when pass, to came it Now
blessing. a into curse the turned God our howbeit them: curse should he that them, against Balaam hired but water, with and bread with Israel of children the not met they Because
ever; for God of congregation the into come not should Moabite the and Ammonite the that written, found was therein and people; the of audience the in Moses of book the in read they day that On
Aaron. of children the unto them sanctified Levites the and Levites; the unto things holy sanctified they and portion: his day every porters, the and singers the of portions the gave Nehemiah, of days the in and Zerubbabel, of days the in Israel all And
God. unto thanksgiving and praise of songs and singers, the of chief were there old of Asaph and David of days the in For
son. his Solomon of and David, of commandment the to according purification, the of ward the and God, their of ward the kept porters the and singers the both And
waited. that Levites the for and priests the for rejoiced Judah for Levites: and priests the for law the of portions the cities the of fields the of out them into gather to tithes, the for and firstfruits, the for offerings, the for treasures, the for chambers the over appointed some were time that at And
off. afar even heard was Jerusalem of joy the that so rejoiced: children the and also wives the joy: great with rejoice them made had God for rejoiced: and sacrifices, great offered they day that Also
overseer. their Jezrahiah with loud, sang singers the And Ezer. and Elam, and Malchijah, and Jehohanan, and Uzzi, and Eleazar, and Shemaiah, and Maaseiah, And
trumpets; with Hananiah, and Zechariah, Elioenai, Michaiah, Miniamin, Maaseiah, Eliakim, priests; the And
me: with rulers the of half the and I, and God, of house the in thanks gave that them of companies two the stood So
gate. prison the in still stood they and gate: sheep the unto even Meah, of tower the and Hananeel, of tower the and gate, fish the above and gate, old the above and Ephraim, of gate the above from And
wall; broad the unto even furnaces the of tower the beyond from wall, the upon people the of half the and them, after I and them, against over went thanks gave that them of company other the And
eastward. gate water the unto even David, of house the above wall, the of up going the at David, of city the of stairs the by up went they them, against over was which gate, fountain the at And
them. before scribe the Ezra and God, of man the David of instruments musical the with Hanani, Judah, and Nethaneel, Maai, Gilalai, Milalai, Azarael, and Shemaiah, brethren, his And
Asaph: of son the Zaccur, of son the Michaiah, of son the Mattaniah, of son the Shemaiah, of son the Jonathan, of son the Zechariah namely, trumpets; with sons priests' the of certain And
Jeremiah, and Shemaiah, and Benjamin, and Judah,
Meshullam, and Ezra, Azariah, And
Judah, of princes the of half and Hoshaiah, went them after And
gate: dung the toward wall the upon hand right the on went one whereof thanks, gave that them of companies great two appointed and wall, the upon Judah of princes the up brought I Then
wall. the and gates, the and people, the purified and themselves, purified Levites the and priests the And
Jerusalem. about round villages them builded had singers the for Azmaveth: and Geba of fields the of out and Gilgal, of house the from Also
Netophathi; of villages the from and Jerusalem, about round country plain the of out both together, themselves gathered singers the of sons the And
harps. with and psalteries, cymbals, with singing, with and thanksgivings, with both gladness, with dedication the keep to Jerusalem, to them bring to places, their all of out Levites the sought they Jerusalem of wall the of dedication the at And
scribe. the priest, the Ezra of and governor, the Nehemiah of days the in and Jozadak, of son the Jeshua, of son the Joiakim of days the in were These
gates. the of thresholds the at ward the keeping porters were Akkub, Talmon, Meshullam, Obadiah, Bakbukiah, and Mattaniah,
ward. against over ward God, of man the David of commandment the to according thanks, give to and praise to them, against over brethren their with Kadmiel, of son the Jeshua and Sherebiah, Hashabiah, Levites: the of chief the And
Eliashib. of son the Johanan of days the until even chronicles, the of book the in written were fathers, the of chief the Levi, of sons The
Persian. the Darius of reign the to priests, the also fathers: the of chief recorded were Jaddua, and Johanan, and Joiada, Eliashib, of days the in Levites The
Nethaneel. Jedaiah, of Hashabiah; Hilkiah, Of
Eber; Amok, of Kallai; Sallai, Of
Uzzi; Jedaiah, of Mattenai; Joiarib, of And
Jehonathan; Shemaiah, of Shammua; Bilgah, Of
Piltai: Moadiah, of Miniamin, of Zichri; Abijah, Of
Meshullam; Ginnethon, of Zechariah; Iddo, Of
Helkai; Meraioth, of Adna; Harim, Of
Joseph; Shebaniah, of Jonathan; Melicu, Of
Jehohanan; Amariah, of Meshullam; Ezra, Of
Hananiah; Jeremiah, of Meraiah; Seraiah, of fathers: the of chief the priests, were Joiakim of days the in And
Jaddua. begat Jonathan and Jonathan, begat Joiada And
Joiada, begat Eliashib and Eliashib, begat also Joiakim Joiakim, begat Jeshua And
watches. the in them against over were brethren, their Unni, and Bakbukiah Also
brethren. his and he thanksgiving, the over was which Mattaniah, and Judah, Sherebiah, Kadmiel, Binnui, Jeshua, Levites: the Moreover
Jeshua. of days the in brethren their of and priests the of chief the were These Jedaiah. Hilkiah, Amok, Sallu,
Jedaiah, Joiarib, and Shemaiah,
Bilgah, Maadiah, Miamin,
Abijah, Ginnetho, Iddo,
Meremoth, Rehum, Shechaniah,
Hattush, Malluch, Amariah,
Ezra, Jeremiah, Seraiah, Jeshua: and Shealtiel, of son the Zerubbabel with up went that Levites the and priests the are these Now
Benjamin. in and Judah, in divisions were Levites the of And
craftsmen. of valley the Ono, and Lod,
Neballat, Zeboim, Hadid,
Gittaim, Ramah, Hazor,
Ananiah, Nob, Anathoth, at And
villages. their in and Bethel, and Aija, and Michmash, at dwelt Geba from Benjamin of also children The
Hinnom. of valley the unto Beersheba from dwelt they And thereof. villages the in and Azekah, at thereof, fields the and Lachish, at villages, their in and Adullam, Zanoah,
Jarmuth, at and Zareah, at and Enrimmon, at And
thereof, villages the in and Mekonah, at and Ziklag, at And
thereof, villages the in and Beersheba, at and Hazarshual, at And
Bethphelet, at and Moladah, at and Jeshua, at And
thereof, villages the in and Jekabzeel, at and thereof, villages the in and Dibon, at and thereof, villages the in and Kirjatharba, at dwelt Judah of children the of some fields, their with villages, the for And
people. the concerning matters all in hand king's the at was Judah, of son the Zerah of children the of Meshezabeel, of son the Pethahiah And
day. every for due singers, the for be should portion certain a that them, concerning commandment king's the was it For
God. of house the of business the over were singers the Asaph, of sons the Of Micha. of son the Mattaniah, of son the Hashabiah, of son the Bani, of son the Uzzi was Jerusalem at Levites the of also overseer The
Nethinims. the over were Gispa and Ziha and Ophel: in dwelt Nethinims the But
inheritance. his in one every Judah, of cities the all in were Levites, the and priests, the of Israel, of residue the And
two. and seventy hundred an were gates, the kept that brethren their and Talmon, Akkub, porters, the Moreover
four. and fourscore hundred two were city holy the in Levites the All
Jeduthun. of son the Galal, of son the Shammua, of son the Abda and brethren, his among second the Bakbukiah and prayer: in thanksgiving the begin to principal the was Asaph, of son the Zabdi, of son the Micha, of son the Mattaniah And
God. of house the of business outward the of oversight the had Levites, the of chief the of Jozabad, and Shabbethai And
Bunni; of son the Hashabiah, of son the Azrikam, of son the Hashub, of son the Shemaiah Levites: the of Also
men. great the of one of son the Zabdiel, was overseer their and eight: and twenty hundred an valour, of men mighty brethren, their And
Immer, of son the Meshillemoth, of son the Ahasai, of son the Azareel, of son the Amashai and two: and forty hundred two fathers, the of chief brethren, his And
Malchiah. of son the Pashur, of son the Zechariah, of son the Amzi, of son the Pelaliah, of son the Jeroham, of son the Adaiah and two: and twenty hundred eight were house the of work the did that brethren their And
God. of house the of ruler the was Ahitub, of son the Meraioth, of son the Zadok, of son the Meshullam, of son the Hilkiah, of son the Seraiah
Jachin. Joiarib, of son the Jedaiah priests: the Of
city. the over second was Senuah of son the Judah and overseer: their was Zichri of son the Joel And
eight. and twenty hundred nine Sallai, Gabbai, him after And
Jesaiah. of son the Ithiel, of son the Maaseiah, of son the Kolaiah, of son the Pedaiah, of son the Joed, of son the Meshullam, of son the Sallu Benjamin; of sons the are these And
men. valiant eight and threescore hundred four were Jerusalem at dwelt that Perez of sons the All
Shiloni. of son the Zechariah, of son the Joiarib, of son the Adaiah, of son the Hazaiah, of son the Colhozeh, of son the Baruch, of son the Maaseiah And
Perez; of children the of Mahalaleel, of son the Shephatiah, of son the Amariah, of son the Zechariah, of son the Uzziah, of son the Athaiah Judah; of children the Of Benjamin. of children the of and Judah, of children the of certain dwelt Jerusalem at And
servants. Solomon's of children the and Nethinims, the and Levites, the and priests, the Israel, wit, to cities, their in possession his in one every dwelt Judah of cities the in but Jerusalem: in dwelt that province the of chief the are these Now
Jerusalem. at dwell to themselves offered willingly that men, the all blessed people the And
cities. other in dwell to parts nine and city, holy the Jerusalem in dwell to ten of one bring to lots, cast also people the of rest the Jerusalem: at dwelt people the of rulers the And
God. our of house the forsake not will we and singers: the and porters, the and minister, that priests the and sanctuary, the of vessels the are where chambers, the unto oil, the and wine, new the of corn, the of offering the bring shall Levi of children the and Israel of children the For
house. treasure the into chambers, the to God, our of house the unto tithes the of tithe the up bring shall Levites the and tithes: take Levites the when Levites, the with be shall Aaron of son the priest the And
tillage. our of cities the all in tithes the have might Levites same the that Levites, the unto ground our of tithes the and God; our of house the of chambers the to priests, the unto oil, of and wine of trees, of manner all of fruit the and offerings, our and dough, our of firstfruits the bring should we that And
God: our of house the in minister that priests the unto God, our of house the to bring to flocks, our of and herds our of firstlings the and law, the in written is it as cattle, our of and sons, our of firstborn the Also
: Lord the of house the unto year, by year trees, all of fruit all of firstfruits the and ground, our of firstfruits the bring to And
law: the in written is it as God, our Lord the of altar the upon burn to year, by year appointed times at fathers, our of houses the after God, our of house the into it bring to offering, wood the for people, the and Levites, the priests, the among lots the cast we And
God. our of house the of work the all for and Israel, for atonement an make to offerings sin the for and things, holy the for and feasts, set the for moons, new the of sabbaths, the of offering, burnt continual the for and offering, meat continual the for and shewbread, the For
God; our of house the of service the for shekel a of part third the with yearly ourselves charge to us, for ordinances made we Also
debt. every of exaction the and year, seventh the leave would we that and day: holy the on or sabbath, the on them of it buy not would we that sell, to day sabbath the on victuals any or ware bring land the of people the if And
sons: our for daughters their take not land, the of people the unto daughters our give not would we that And
statutes; his and judgments his and Lord, our Lord the of commandments the all do and observe to and God, of servant the Moses by given was which law, God's in walk to oath, an into and curse, a into entered and nobles, their brethren, their to clave They
understanding; having and knowledge, having one every daughters, their and sons, their wives, their God, of law the unto lands the of people the from themselves separated had that they all and Nethinims, the singers, the porters, the Levites, the priests, the people, the of rest the And
Baanah. Harim, Malluch,
Anan, Hanan, Ahijah, And
Maaseiah, Hashabnah, Rehum,
Shobek, Pileha, Hallohesh,
Hashub, Hananiah, Hoshea,
Anaiah, Hanan, Pelatiah,
Jaddua, Zadok, Meshezabeel,
Hezir, Meshullam, Magpiash,
Nebai, Anathoth, Hariph,
Bezai, Hashum, Hodijah,
Azzur, Hizkijah, Ater,
Adin, Bigvai, Adonijah,
Bebai, Azgad, Bunni,
Bani, Zatthu, Elam, Pahathmoab, Parosh, people; the of chief The
Beninu. Bani, Hodijah,
Shebaniah, Sherebiah, Zaccur,
Hashabiah, Rehob, Micha,
Hanan, Pelaiah, Kelita, Hodijah, Shebaniah, brethren, their And
Kadmiel; Henadad, of sons the of Binnui Azaniah, of son the Jeshua both Levites: the And
priests. the were these Shemaiah: Bilgai, Maaziah,
Mijamin, Abijah, Meshullam,
Baruch, Ginnethon, Daniel,
Obadiah, Meremoth, Harim,
Malluch, Shebaniah, Hattush,
Malchijah, Amariah, Pashur,
Jeremiah, Azariah, Seraiah,
Zidkijah, and Hachaliah, of son the Tirshatha, the Nehemiah, were, sealed that those Now
it. unto seal priests, and Levites, princes, our and it; write and covenant, sure a make we this all of because And
distress. great in are we and pleasure, their at cattle, our over and bodies, our over dominion have they also sins: our of because us over set hast thou whom kings the unto increase much yieldeth it And
it: in servants are we behold, thereof, good the and thereof fruit the eat to fathers our unto gavest thou that land the for and day, this servants are we Behold,
works. wicked their from they turned neither them, before gavest thou which land fat and large the in and them, gavest thou that goodness great thy in and kingdom, their in thee served not have they For
them. against testify didst thou wherewith testimonies, thy and commandments thy unto hearkened nor law, thy kept fathers, our nor priests, our princes, our kings, our have Neither
wickedly: done have we but right, done hast thou for us; upon brought is that all in just art thou Howbeit
day. this unto Assyria of kings the of time the since people, thy all on and fathers, our on and prophets, our on and priests, our on and princes, our on kings, our on us, upon come hath that thee, before little seem trouble the all not let mercy, and covenant keepest who God, terrible the and mighty, the great, the God, our therefore, Now
God. merciful and gracious a art thou for them; forsake nor them, consume utterly not didst thou sake mercies' great thy for Nevertheless
lands. the of people the of hand the into them thou gavest therefore ear: give not they would yet prophets: thy in spirit thy by them against testifiedst and them, forbear thou didst years many Yet
hear. not would and neck, their hardened and shoulder, the withdrew and them;) in live shall he do, man a if (which judgments, thy against sinned but commandments, thy unto not hearkened and proudly, dealt they yet law: thy unto again them bring mightest thou that them, against testifiedst And
mercies; thy to according them deliver thou didst times many and heaven; from them heardest thou thee, unto cried and returned, they when yet them: over dominion the had they that so enemies, their of land the in them thou leftest therefore thee: before again evil did they rest, had they after But
enemies. their of hand the of out them saved who saviours, them gavest thou mercies manifold thy to according and heaven; from them heardest thou thee, unto cried they when trouble, their of time the in and them: vexed who enemies, their of hand the into them deliveredst thou Therefore
provocations. great wrought they and thee, to them turn to them against testified which prophets thy slew and backs, their behind law thy cast and thee, against rebelled and disobedient, were they Nevertheless
goodness. great thy in themselves delighted and fat, became and filled, were and eat, did they so abundance: in trees fruit and oliveyards, and vineyards, digged, wells goods, all of full houses possessed and land, fat a and cities, strong took they And
would. they as them with do might they that land, the of people the and kings, their with hands, their into them gavest and Canaanites, the land, the of inhabitants the them before subduedst thou and land, the possessed and in went children the So
it. possess to in go should they that fathers, their to promised hadst thou which concerning land, the into them broughtest and heaven, of stars the as thou multipliedst also children Their
Bashan. of king Og of land the and Heshbon, of king the of land the and Sihon, of land the possessed they so corners: into them divide didst and nations, and kingdoms them gavest thou Moreover
not. swelled feet their and old, not waxed clothes their nothing; lacked they that so wilderness, the in them sustain thou didst years forty Yea,
thirst. their for water them gavest and mouth, their from manna thy not withheldest and them, instruct to spirit good thy also gavest Thou
go. should they wherein way the and light, them shew to night, by fire of pillar the neither way; the in them lead to day, by them from not departed cloud the of pillar the wilderness: the in not them forsookest mercies manifold thy in thou Yet
provocations; great wrought had and Egypt, of out up thee brought that God thy is This said, and calf, molten a them made had they when Yea,
not. them forsookest and kindness, great of and anger, to slow merciful, and gracious pardon, to ready God a art thou but bondage: their to return to captain a appointed rebellion their in and necks, their hardened but them; among didst thou that wonders thy of mindful were neither obey, to refused And
commandments, thy to not hearkened and necks, their hardened and proudly, dealt fathers our and they But
them. give to sworn hadst thou which land the possess to in go should they that them promisedst and thirst, their for rock the of out them for water forth broughtest and hunger, their for heaven from bread them gavest And
servant: thy Moses of hand the by laws, and statutes, precepts, them commandedst and sabbath, holy thy them unto known madest And
commandments: and statutes good laws, true and judgments, right them gavest and heaven, from them with spakest and Sinai, mount upon also down camest Thou
go. should they wherein way the in light them give to fire, of pillar a by night the in and pillar; cloudy a by day the in them leddest thou Moreover
waters. mighty the into stone a as deeps, the into threwest thou persecutors their and land; dry the on sea the of midst the through went they that so them, before sea the divide didst thou And
day. this is it as name, a thee get thou didst So them. against proudly dealt they that knewest thou for land: his of people the all on and servants, his all on and Pharaoh, upon wonders and signs shewedst And
sea; Red the by cry their heardest and Egypt, in fathers our of affliction the see didst And
righteous: art thou for words; thy performed hast and seed, his to say, I it, give to Girgashites, the and Jebusites, the and Perizzites, the and Amorites, the Hittites, the Canaanites, the of land the give to him with covenant a madest and thee, before faithful heart his foundest And
Abraham; of name the him gavest and Chaldees, the of Ur of out forth him broughtest and Abram, choose didst who God, the Lord the art Thou
thee. worshippeth heaven of host the and all; them preservest thou and therein, is that all and seas, the therein, are that things all and earth, the host, their all with heavens, of heaven the heaven, made hast thou alone; Lord art thou, even Thou,
praise. and blessing all above exalted is which name, glorious thy be blessed and ever: and ever for God your Lord the bless and up Stand said, Pethahiah, and Shebaniah, Hodijah, Sherebiah, Hashabniah, Bani, Kadmiel, and Jeshua, Levites, the Then
God. their Lord the unto voice loud a with cried and Chenani, and Bani, Sherebiah, Bunni, Shebaniah, Kadmiel, Bani, and Jeshua, Levites, the of stairs, the upon up stood Then
God. their Lord the worshipped and confessed, they part fourth another and day; the of part fourth one God their Lord the of law the of book the in read and place, their in up stood they And
fathers. their of iniquities the and sins, their confessed and stood and strangers, all from themselves separated Israel of seed the And
them. upon earth and sackclothes, with and fasting, with assembled were Israel of children the month this of day fourth and twenty the in Now
manner. the unto according assembly, solemn a was day eighth the on and days; seven feast the kept they And God. of law the of book the in read he day, last the unto day first the from day, by day Also
gladness. great very was there And so. done Israel of children the not had day that unto Nun of son the Jeshua of days the since for booths: the under sat and booths, made captivity the of out again come were that them of congregation the all And
Ephraim. of gate the of street the in and gate, water the of street the in and God, of house the of courts the in and courts, their in and house, his of roof the upon one every booths, themselves made and them, brought and forth, went people the So
written. is it as booths, make to trees, thick of branches and branches, palm and branches, myrtle and branches, pine and branches, olive fetch and mount, the unto forth Go saying, Jerusalem, in and cities, their all in proclaim and publish should they that And
month: seventh the of feast the in booths in dwell should Israel of children the that Moses, by commanded had Lord the which law the in written found they And
law. the of words the understand to even scribe, the Ezra unto Levites, the and priests, the people, the all of fathers the of chief the together gathered were day second the on And
them. unto declared were that words the understood had they because mirth, great make to and portions, send to and drink, to and eat, to way their went people the all And
grieved. ye be neither holy; is day the for peace, your Hold saying, people, the all stilled Levites the So
strength. your is Lord the of joy the for sorry; ye be neither : Lord our unto holy is day this for prepared: is nothing whom for them unto portions send and sweet, the drink and fat, the eat way, your Go them, unto said he Then
law. the of words the heard they when wept, people the all For weep. nor not, mourn God; your Lord the unto holy is day This people, the all unto said people, the taught that Levites the and scribe, the priest the Ezra and Tirshatha, the is which Nehemiah, And
reading. the understand to them caused and sense, the gave and distinctly, God of law the in book the in read they So
place. their in stood people the and law: the understand to people the caused Levites, the and Pelaiah, Hanan, Jozabad, Azariah, Kelita, Maaseiah, Hodijah, Shabbethai, Akkub, Jamin, Sherebiah, and Bani, and Jeshua, Also
ground. the to faces their with Lord the worshipped and heads, their bowed they and hands: their up lifting with Amen, Amen, answered, people the all And God. great the , Lord the blessed Ezra And
up: stood people the all it, opened he when and people;) the all above was he (for people; the all of sight the in book the opened Ezra And
Meshullam. and Zechariah, Hashbadana, and Hashum, and Malchiah, and Mishael, and Pedaiah, hand, left his on and hand; right his on Maaseiah, and Hilkiah, and Urijah, and Anaiah, and Shema, and Mattithiah, stood him beside and purpose; the for made had they which wood, of pulpit a upon stood scribe the Ezra And
law. the of book the unto attentive were people the all of ears the and understand; could that those and women, the and men the before midday, until morning the from gate water the before was that street the before therein read he And
month. seventh the of day first the upon understanding, with hear could that all and women, and men of both congregation the before law the brought priest the Ezra And
Israel. to commanded had Lord the which Moses, of law the of book the bring to scribe the Ezra unto spake they and gate; water the before was that street the into man one as together themselves gathered people the all And
cities. their in were Israel of children the came, month seventh the when and cities; their in dwelt Israel, all and Nethinims, the and people, the of some and singers, the and porters, the and Levites, the and priests, the So
garments. priests' seven and threescore and silver, of pound thousand two and gold, of drams thousand twenty was gave people the of rest the which that And
silver. of pound hundred two and thousand two and gold, of drams thousand twenty work the of treasure the to gave fathers the of chief the of some And
garments. priests' thirty and hundred five basons, fifty gold, of drams thousand a treasure the to gave Tirshatha The work. the unto gave fathers the of chief the of some And
asses. twenty and hundred seven thousand six five: and thirty hundred four camels, Their
five: and forty hundred two mules, their six: and thirty hundred seven horses, Their
women. singing and men singing five and forty hundred two had they and seven: and thirty hundred three thousand seven were there whom of maidservants, their and manservants their Beside
threescore, and hundred three thousand two and forty was together congregation whole The
Thummim. and Urim with priest a up stood there till things, holy most the of eat not should they that them, unto said Tirshatha the And
priesthood. the from put polluted, as they, were therefore found: not was it but genealogy, by reckoned were that those among register their sought These
name. their after called was and wife, to Gileadite the Barzillai of daughters the of one took which Barzillai, of children the Koz, of children the Habaiah, of children the priests: the of And
two. and forty hundred six Nekoda, of children the Tobiah, of children the Delaiah, of children The
Israel. of were they whether seed, their nor house, father's their shew not could they but Immer: and Addon, Cherub, Telharesha, Telmelah, from also up went which they were these And
two. and ninety hundred three were servants, Solomon's of children the and Nethinims, the All
Amon. of children the Zebaim, of Pochereth of children the Hattil, of children the Shephatiah, of children The
Giddel, of children the Darkon, of children the Jaala, of children The
Perida, of children the Sophereth, of children the Sotai, of children the servants: Solomon's of children The
Hatipha. of children the Neziah, of children The
Tamah, of children the Sisera, of children the Barkos, of children The
Harsha, of children the Mehida, of children the Bazlith, of children The
Harhur, of children the Hakupha, of children the Bakbuk, of children The
Nephishesim, of children the Meunim, of children the Besai, of children The
Phaseah, of children the Uzza, of children the Gazzam, of children The
Nekoda, of children the Rezin, of children the Reaiah, of children The
Gahar, of children the Giddel, of children the Hanan, of children The
Shalmai, of children the Hagaba, of children the Lebana, of children The
Padon, of children the Sia, of children the Keros, of children The
Tabbaoth, of children the Hashupha, of children the Ziha, of children the Nethinims: The
eight. and thirty hundred an Shobai, of children the Hatita, of children the Akkub, of children the Talmon, of children the Ater, of children the Shallum, of children the porters: The
eight. and forty hundred an Asaph, of children the singers: The
four. and seventy Hodevah, of children the of and Kadmiel, of Jeshua, of children the Levites: The
seventeen. and thousand a Harim, of children The
seven. and forty hundred two thousand a Pashur, of children The
two. and fifty thousand a Immer, of children The
three. and seventy hundred nine Jeshua, of house the of Jedaiah, of children the priests: The
thirty. and hundred nine thousand three Senaah, of children The
one. and twenty hundred seven Ono, and Hadid, Lod, of children The
five. and forty hundred three Jericho, of children The
twenty. and hundred three Harim, of children The
four. and fifty hundred two thousand a Elam, other the of children The
two. and fifty Nebo, other the of men The
three. and twenty hundred an Ai, and Bethel of men The
two. and twenty and hundred an Michmas, of men The
one. and twenty hundred six Gaba, and Ramah of men The
three. and forty hundred seven Beeroth, and Chephirah, Kirjathjearim, of men The
two. and forty Bethazmaveth, of men The
eight. and twenty hundred an Anathoth, of men The
eight. and fourscore hundred an Netophah, and Bethlehem of men The
five. and ninety Gibeon, of children The
twelve. and hundred an Hariph, of children The
four. and twenty hundred three Bezai, of children The
eight. and twenty hundred three Hashum, of children The
eight. and ninety Hezekiah, of Ater of children The
five. and fifty hundred six Adin, of children The
seven. and threescore thousand two Bigvai, of children The
seven. and threescore hundred six Adonikam, of children The
two. and twenty hundred three thousand two Azgad, of children The
eight. and twenty hundred six Bebai, of children The
eight. and forty hundred six Binnui, of children The
threescore. and hundred seven Zaccai, of children The
five. and forty hundred eight Zattu, of children The
four. and fifty hundred two thousand a Elam, of children The
eighteen. and hundred eight and thousand two Joab, and Jeshua of children the of Pahathmoab, of children The
two. and fifty hundred six Arah, of children The
two. and seventy hundred three Shephatiah, of children The
two. and seventy hundred an thousand two Parosh, of children The
this; was Israel of people the of men the of say, I number, The Baanah. Nehum, Bigvai, Mispereth, Bilshan, Mordecai, Nahamani, Raamiah, Azariah, Nehemiah, Jeshua, Zerubbabel, with came Who
city; his unto one every Judah, to and Jerusalem to again came and away, carried had Babylon of king the Nebuchadnezzar whom away, carried been had that those of captivity, the of out up went that province, the of children the are These
therein, written found and first, the at up came which them of genealogy the of register a found I And genealogy. by reckoned be might they that people, the and rulers, the and nobles, the together gather to heart mine into put God my And
builded. not were houses the and therein, few were people the but great: and large was city the Now
house. his against over be to one every and watch, his in one every Jerusalem, of inhabitants the of watches appoint and them: bar and doors, the shut them let by, stand they while and hot; be sun the until opened be Jerusalem of gates the not Let them, unto said I And
many. above God feared and man, faithful a was he for Jerusalem: over charge palace, the of ruler the Hananiah and Hanani, brother my gave I That
appointed, were Levites the and singers the and porters the and doors, the up set had I and built, was wall the when pass, to came it Now
fear. in me put to letters sent Tobiah And him. to words my uttered and me, before deeds good his reported they Also
Berechiah. of son the Meshullam of daughter the taken had Johanan son his and Arah; of son the Shechaniah of law in son the was he because him, unto sworn Judah in many were there For
them. unto came Tobiah of letters the and Tobiah, unto letters many sent Judah of nobles the days those in Moreover
God. our of wrought was work this that perceived they for eyes: own their in down cast much were they things, these saw us about were that heathen the all and thereof, heard enemies our all when that pass, to came it And
days. two and fifty in Elul, month the of day fifth and twenty the in finished was wall the So
fear. in me put have would that prophets, the of rest the and Noadiah, prophetess the on and works, their these to according Sanballat and Tobiah upon thou think God, My
me. reproach might they that report, evil an for matter have might they that and sin, and so, do and afraid, be should I that hired, he was Therefore
him. hired had Sanballat and Tobiah for me: against prophecy this pronounced he that but him; sent not had God that perceived I lo, And,
in. go not will I life? his save to temple the into go would am, I as being that, there, is who and flee? I as man a such Should said, I And
thee. slay to come they will night the in yea, thee; slay to come will they for temple: the of doors the shut us let and temple, the within God, of house the in together meet us Let said, he and up; shut was who Mehetabeel, of son the Delaiah of son the Shemaiah of house the unto came I Afterward
hands. my strengthen God, O therefore, Now done. not be it that work, the from weakened be shall hands Their saying, afraid, us made all they For
heart. own thine of out them feignest thou but sayest, thou as done things such no are There saying, him, unto sent I Then
together. counsel take us let and therefore, now Come words. these to according king the to reported be it shall now and Judah: in king a is There saying, Jerusalem, at thee of preach to prophets appointed also hast thou And
words. these to according king, their be mayest thou that wall, the buildest thou cause which for rebel: to think Jews the and thou that it, saith Gashmu and heathen, the among reported is It written, was Wherein
hand; his in letter open an with time fifth the manner like in me unto servant his Sanballat sent Then
manner. same the after them answered I and sort; this after times four me unto sent they Yet
you? to down come and it, leave I whilst cease, work the should why down: come cannot I that so work, great a doing am I saying, them, unto messengers sent I And
mischief. me do to thought they But Ono. of plain the in villages the of one some in together meet us let Come, saying, me, unto sent Geshem and Sanballat That
gates;) the upon doors the up set not had I time that at (though therein; left breach no was there that and wall, the builded had I that heard enemies, our of rest the and Arabian, the Geshem and Tobiah, and Sanballat, when pass to came it Now
people. this for done have I that all to according good, for God, my me, upon Think
people. this upon heavy was bondage the because governor, the of bread the I not required this all for yet wine: of sorts all of store days ten in once and me, for prepared were fowls also sheep; choice six and ox one was daily me for prepared was which that Now
us. about are that heathen the among from us unto came that those beside rulers, and Jews the of fifty and hundred an table my at were there Moreover
work. the unto thither gathered were servants my all and land: any we bought neither wall, this of work the in continued I also Yea,
God. of fear the of because I, not did so but people: the over rule bare servants their even yea, silver; of shekels forty beside wine, and bread them of taken had and people, the unto chargeable were me before been had that governors former the But
governor. the of bread the eaten not have brethren my and I years, twelve is, that king, the Artaxerxes of year thirtieth and two the unto even year twentieth the from Judah, of land the in governor their be to appointed was I that time the from Moreover
promise. this to according did people the And . Lord the praised and Amen, said, congregation the all And emptied. and out, shaken he be thus even promise, this not performeth that labour, his from and house, his from man every out shake God So said, and lap, my shook I Also
promise. this to according do should they that them, of oath an took and priests, the called I Then sayest. thou as do we will so them; of nothing require will and them, restore will We they, said Then
them. of exact ye that oil, the and wine, the corn, the of and money, the of part hundredth the also houses, their and oliveyards, their vineyards, their lands, their day, this even them, to you, pray I Restore,
usury. this off leave us let you, pray I corn: and money them of exact might servants, my and brethren, my and likewise, I
enemies? our heathen the of reproach the of because God our of fear the in walk to not ye ought do: ye that good not is It said, I Also
answer. to nothing found and peace, their they held Then us? unto sold be they shall or brethren? your sell even ye will and heathen; the unto sold were which Jews, the brethren our redeemed have ability our after We them, unto said I And
them. against assembly great a set I And brother. his of one every usury, exact Ye them, unto said and rulers, the and nobles, the rebuked I and myself, with consulted I Then
words. these and cry their heard I when angry very was I And
vineyards. and lands our have men other for them; redeem to power our in it is neither already: bondage unto brought are daughters our of some and servants, be to daughters our and sons our bondage into bring we lo, and, children: their as children our brethren, our of flesh the as is flesh our now Yet
vineyards. and lands our upon that and tribute, king's the for money borrowed have We said, that also were There
dearth. the of because corn, buy might we that houses, and vineyards, lands, our mortgaged have We said, that were there also Some
live. and eat, may we that them, for corn up take we therefore many: are daughters, our and sons, our We, said, that were there For
Jews. the brethren their against wives their of and people the of cry great a was there And
washing. for off them put one every that saving clothes, our off put us of none me, followed which guard the of men the nor servants, my nor brethren, my nor I, neither So
day. the on labour and us, to guard a be may they night the in that Jerusalem, within lodge servant his with one every Let people, the unto I said time same the at Likewise
appeared. stars the till morning the of rising the from spears the held them of half and work: the in laboured we So
us. for fight shall God our us: unto thither ye resort trumpet, the of sound the hear ye therefore place what In
another. from far one wall, the upon separated are we and large, and great is work The people, the of rest the to and rulers, the to and nobles, the unto said I And
me. by was trumpet the sounded that he And builded. so and side, his by girded sword his had one every builders, the For
weapon. a held hand other the with and work, the in wrought hands his of one with one every laded, that those with burdens, bare that they and wall, the on builded which They
Judah. of house the all behind were rulers the and habergeons; the and bows, the and shields, the spears, the both held them of half other the and work, the in wrought servants my of half the that forth, time that from pass to came it And
work. his unto one every wall, the to us of all returned we that nought, to counsel their brought had God and us, unto known was it that heard enemies our when pass, to came it And
houses. your and wives, your daughters, your and sons, your brethren, your for fight and terrible, and great is which , Lord the remember them: of afraid ye not Be people, the of rest the to and rulers, the to and nobles, the unto said and up, rose and looked, I And
bows. their and spears, their swords, their with families their after people the set even I places, higher the on and wall, the behind places lower the in I set Therefore
you. upon be will they us unto return shall ye whence places all From times, ten us unto said they came, them by dwelt which Jews the when that pass, to came it And
cease. to work the cause and them, slay and them, among midst the in come we till see, neither know, not shall They said, adversaries our And
wall. the build to able not are we that so rubbish; much is there and decayed, is burdens of bearers the of strength The said, Judah And
them. of because night, and day them against watch a set and God, our unto prayer our made we Nevertheless
it. hinder to and Jerusalem, against fight to and come to together them of all conspired And
wroth, very were they then stopped, be to began breaches the that and up, made were Jerusalem of walls the that heard Ashdodites, the and Ammonites, the and Arabians, the and Tobiah, and Sanballat, when that pass, to came it But
work. to mind a had people the for thereof: half the unto together joined was wall the all and wall; the we built So
builders. the before anger to thee provoked have they for thee: before from out blotted be sin their not let and iniquity, their not cover And
captivity: of land the in prey a for them give and head, own their upon reproach their turn and despised: are we for God; our O Hear,
wall. stone their down break even shall he up, go fox a if build, they which that Even said, he and him, by was Ammonite the Tobiah Now
burned? are which rubbish the of heaps the of out stones the revive they will day? a in end an make they will sacrifice? they will themselves? fortify they will Jews? feeble these do What said, and Samaria, of army the and brethren his before spake he And
Jews. the mocked and indignation, great took and wroth, was he wall, the builded we that heard Sanballat when that pass, to came it But
merchants. the and goldsmiths the repaired gate sheep the unto corner the of up going the between And
corner. the of up going the to and Miphkad, gate the against over merchants, the of and Nethinims, the of place the unto son goldsmith's the Malchiah repaired him After
chamber. his against over Berechiah of son the Meshullam repaired him After piece. another Zalaph, of son sixth the Hanun and Shelemiah, of son the Hananiah repaired him After
gate. east the of keeper the Shechaniah, of son the Shemaiah also repaired him After house. his against over Immer of son the Zadok repaired them After
house. his against over one every priests, the repaired gate horse the above From
Ophel. of wall the unto even out, lieth that tower great the against over piece, another repaired Tekoites the them After
out. lieth that tower the and east, the toward gate water the against over place the unto Ophel, in dwelt Nethinims the Moreover
Parosh. of son the Pedaiah him After prison. the of court the by was that house, high king's the from out lieth which tower the and wall, the of turning the against over Uzai, of son the Palal
corner. the unto even wall, the of turning the unto Azariah of house the from piece, another Henadad of son the Binnui repaired him After
house. his by Ananiah of son the Maaseiah of son the Azariah repaired him After house. their against over Hashub and Benjamin repaired him After
plain. the of men the priests, the repaired him after And
Eliashib. of house the of end the to even Eliashib of house the of door the from piece, another Koz of son the Urijah of son the Meremoth repaired him After
priest. high the Eliashib of house the of door the unto wall the of turning the from piece, other the repaired earnestly Zabbai of son the Baruch him After
wall. the of turning the at armoury the to up going the against over piece another Mizpah, of ruler the Jeshua, of son the Ezer repaired him to next And
Keilah. of part half the of ruler the Henadad, of son the Bavai brethren, their repaired him After
part. his in Keilah, of part half the of ruler the Hashabiah, repaired him unto Next Bani. of son the Rehum Levites, the repaired him After
mighty. the of house the unto and made, was that pool the to and David, of sepulchres the against over place the unto Bethzur, of part half the of ruler the Azbuk, of son the Nehemiah repaired him After
David. of city the from down go that stairs the unto and garden, king's the by Siloah of pool the of wall the and thereof, bars the and thereof, locks the thereof, doors the up set and it, covered and it, built he Mizpah; of part of ruler the Colhozeh, of son the Shallun repaired fountain the of gate the But
thereof. bars the and thereof, locks the thereof, doors the up set and it, built he Bethhaccerem; of part of ruler the Rechab, of son the Malchiah repaired gate dung the But
gate. dung the unto wall the on cubits thousand a and thereof, bars the and thereof, locks the thereof, doors the up set and it, built they Zanoah; of inhabitants the and Hanun, repaired gate valley The
daughters. his and he Jerusalem, of part half the of ruler the Halohesh, of son the Shallum repaired him unto next And
furnaces. the of tower the and piece, other the repaired Pahathmoab, of son the Hashub and Harim, of son the Malchijah
Hashabniah. of son the Hattush repaired him unto next And house. his against over even Harumaph, of son the Jedaiah repaired them unto next And
Jerusalem. of part half the of ruler the Hur, of son the Rephaiah repaired them unto next And
wall. broad the unto Jerusalem fortified they and apothecaries, the of one of son the Hananiah repaired also him unto Next goldsmiths. the of Harhaiah, of son the Uzziel repaired him unto Next
river. the side this on governor the of throne the unto Mizpah, of and Gibeon, of men the Meronothite, the Jadon and Gibeonite, the Melatiah repaired them unto next And
thereof. bars the and thereof, locks the and thereof, doors the up set and thereof, beams the laid they Besodeiah; of son the Meshullam and Paseah, of son the Jehoiada repaired gate old the Moreover
. Lord their of work the to necks their not put nobles their but repaired; Tekoites the them unto next And
Baana. of son the Zadok repaired them unto next And Meshezabeel. of son the Berechiah, of son the Meshullam repaired them unto next And Koz. of son the Urijah, of son the Meremoth repaired them unto next And
thereof. bars the and thereof, locks the thereof, doors the up set and thereof, beams the laid also who build, Hassenaah of sons the did gate fish the But
Imri. of son the Zaccur builded them to next And Jericho. of men the builded him unto next And
Hananeel. of tower the unto it, sanctified they Meah of tower the unto even it; of doors the up set and it, sanctified they gate; sheep the builded they and priests, the brethren his with up rose priest high the Eliashib Then
Jerusalem. in memorial, nor right, nor portion, no have ye but build: and arise will servants his we therefore us; prosper will he heaven, of God The them, unto said and them, I answered Then
king? the against rebel ye will do? ye that thing this is What said, and us, despised and scorn, to us laughed they it, heard Arabian, the Geshem and Ammonite, the servant, the Tobiah and Horonite, the Sanballat when But
work. good this for hands their strengthened they So build. and up rise us Let said, they And me. unto spoken had he that words king's the also as me; upon good was which God my of hand the of them told I Then
reproach. a more no be we that Jerusalem, of wall the up build us let and come, fire: with burned are thereof gates the and waste, lieth Jerusalem how in, are we that distress the see Ye them, unto I said Then
work. the did that rest the to nor rulers, the to nor nobles, the to nor priests, the to nor Jews, the to it told yet as I had neither did; I what or went, I whither not knew rulers the And
returned. so and valley, the of gate the by entered and back, turned and wall, the viewed and brook, the by night the in up I went Then
pass. to me under was that beast the for place no was there but pool: king's the to and fountain, the of gate the to on went I Then
fire. with consumed were thereof gates the and down, broken were which Jerusalem, of walls the viewed and port, dung the to and well, dragon the before even valley, the of gate the by night by out went I And
upon. rode I that beast the save me, with beast any there was neither Jerusalem: at do to heart my in put had God my what man any I told neither me; with men few some and I night, the in arose I And
days. three there was and Jerusalem, to came I So
Israel. of children the of welfare the seek to man a come was there that exceedingly them grieved it it, of heard Ammonite, the servant, the Tobiah and Horonite, the Sanballat When
me. with horsemen and army the of captains sent had king the Now letters. king's the them gave and river, the beyond governors the to came I Then
me. upon God my of hand good the to according me, granted king the And into. enter shall I that house the for and city, the of wall the for and house, the to appertained which palace the of gates the for beams make to timber me give may he that forest, king's the of keeper the Asaph unto letter a And
Judah; into come I till over me convey may they that river, the beyond governors the to me given be letters let king, the please it If king, the unto said I Moreover
time. a him set I and me; send to king the pleased it So return? thou wilt when and be? journey thy shall long how For him,) by sitting also queen (the me, unto said king the And
it. build may I that sepulchres, fathers' my of city the unto Judah, unto me send wouldest thou that sight, thy in favour found have servant thy if and king, the please it If king, the unto said I And
heaven. of God the to prayed I So request? make thou dost what For me, unto said king the Then
fire? with consumed are thereof gates the and waste, lieth sepulchres, fathers' my of place the city, the when sad, be countenance my not should why ever: for live king the Let king, the unto said And
afraid, sore very was I Then heart. of sorrow but else nothing is this sick? not art thou seeing sad, countenance thy is Why me, unto said king the Wherefore
presence. his in sad beforetime been not had I Now king. the unto it gave and wine, the up took I and him: before was wine that king, the Artaxerxes of year twentieth the in Nisan, month the in pass to came it And
cupbearer. king's the was I For man. this of sight the in mercy him grant and day, this servant thy thee, pray I prosper, and name: thy fear to desire who servants, thy of prayer the to and servant, thy of prayer the to attentive be ear thine now let thee, beseech I , Lord O
hand. strong thy by and power, great thy by redeemed hast thou whom people, thy and servants thy are these Now
there. name my set to chosen have I that place the unto them bring will and thence, from them gather I will yet heaven, the of part uttermost the unto out cast you of were there though them; do and commandments, my keep and me, unto turn ye if But
nations: the among abroad you scatter will I transgress, ye If saying, Moses, servant thy commandedst thou that word the thee, beseech I Remember,
Moses. servant thy commandedst thou which judgments, the nor statutes, the nor commandments, the kept not have and thee, against corruptly very dealt have We
sinned. have house father's my and I both thee: against sinned have we which Israel, of children the of sins the confess and servants, thy Israel of children the for night, and day now, thee before pray I which servant, thy of prayer the hear mayest thou that open, eyes thine and attentive, be now ear thine Let
commandments: his observe and him love that them for mercy and covenant keepeth that God, terrible and great the heaven, of God Lord O thee, beseech I said, And
heaven, of God the before prayed and fasted, and days, certain mourned and wept, and down sat I that words, these heard I when pass, to came it And
fire. with burned are thereof gates the and down, broken is also Jerusalem of wall the reproach: and affliction great in are province the in there captivity the of left are that remnant The me, unto said they And
Jerusalem. concerning and captivity, the of left were which escaped, had that Jews the concerning them asked I and Judah; of men certain and he came, brethren, my of one Hanani, That
palace, the Shushan in was I as year, twentieth the in Chisleu, month the in pass to came it And Hachaliah. of son the Nehemiah of words The
Nehemiah
children. had they whom by wives had them of some and wives: strange taken had these All
Benaiah. Joel, and Jadau, Zebina, Zabad, Mattithiah, Jeiel, Nebo; of sons the Of
Joseph. and Amariah, Shallum,
Shemariah, Shelemiah, and Azareel,
Sharai, Shashai, Machnadebai,
Adaiah, and Nathan, and Shelemiah, And
Shimei, Binnui, and Bani, And
Jaasau, and Mattenai, Mattaniah,
Eliashib, Meremoth, Vaniah,
Chelluh, Bedeiah, Benaiah,
Uel, and Amram, Maadai, Bani; of sons the Of
Shimei. and Manasseh, Jeremai, Eliphelet, Zabad, Mattathah, Mattenai, Hashum; of sons the Of
Shemariah. and Malluch, Benjamin,
Shimeon, Shemaiah, Malchiah, Ishijah, Eliezer, Harim; of sons the of And
Manasseh. and Binnui, and Bezaleel, Mattaniah, Maaseiah, Benaiah, Chelal, and Adna, Pahathmoab; of sons the of And
Ramoth. and Sheal, and Jashub, Adaiah, and Malluch, Meshullam, Bani; of sons the of And
Athlai. and Zabbai, Hananiah, Jehohanan, Bebai; of also sons the Of
Aziza. and Zabad, and Jeremoth, and Mattaniah, Eliashib, Elioenai, Zattu; of sons the of And
Eliah. and Jeremoth, and Abdi, and Jehiel, and Zechariah, Mattaniah, Elam; of sons the of And
Benaiah. and Malchijah, and Eleazar, and Miamin, and Malchiah, and Jeziah, and Ramiah, Parosh; of sons the of Israel: of Moreover
Uri. and Telem, and Shallum, porters; the of and Eliashib: also; singers the Of
Eliezer. and Judah, Pethahiah, Kelita,) is same (the Kelaiah, and Shimei, and Jozabad, Levites; the of Also
Elasah. and Jozabad, Nethaneel, Ishmael, Maaseiah, Elioenai, Pashur; of sons the of And
Uzziah. and Jehiel, and Shemaiah, and Elijah, and Maaseiah, Harim; of sons the of And
Zebadiah. and Hanani, Immer; of sons the of And
trespass. their for flock the of ram a offered they guilty, being and wives; their away put would they that hands their gave they And
Gedaliah. and Jarib, and Eliezer, and Maaseiah, brethren; his and Jozadak, of son the Jeshua of sons the of namely, wives: strange taken had that found were there priests the of sons the among And
month. first the of day first the by wives strange taken had that men the all with end an made they And
matter. the examine to month tenth the of day first the in down sat and separated, were names, their by them of all and fathers, their of house the after fathers, the of chief certain with priest, the Ezra And so. did captivity the of children the And
them. helped Levite the Shabbethai and Meshullam and matter: this about employed were Tikvah of son the Jahaziah and Asahel of son the Jonathan Only
us. from turned be matter this for God our of wrath fierce the until thereof, judges the and city, every of elders the them with and times, appointed at come cities our in wives strange taken have which them all let and stand, congregation the all of rulers our now Let
thing. this in transgressed have that many are we for two: or day one of work a this is neither without, stand to able not are we and rain, much of time a is it and many, are people the But
do. we must so said, hast thou As voice, loud a with said and answered congregation the all Then
wives. strange the from and land, the of people the from yourselves separate and pleasure: his do and fathers, your of God Lord the unto confession make therefore Now
Israel. of trespass the increase to wives, strange taken have and transgressed, have Ye them, unto said and up, stood priest the Ezra And
rain. great the for and matter, this of because trembling God, of house the of street the in sat people the all and month; the of day twentieth the on month, ninth the was It days. three within Jerusalem unto together themselves gathered Benjamin and Judah of men the all Then
away. carried been had that those of congregation the from separated himself and forfeited, be should substance his all elders, the and princes the of counsel the to according days, three within come not would whosoever that And
Jerusalem; unto together themselves gather should they that captivity, the of children the all unto Jerusalem and Judah throughout proclamation made they And
away. carried been had that them of transgression the of because mourned he for water: drink nor bread, no eat did he thither, came he when and Eliashib: of son the Johanan of chamber the into went and God, of house the before from up rose Ezra Then
sware. they And word. this to according do should they that swear to Israel, all and Levites, the priests, chief the made and Ezra, arose Then
it. do and courage, good of be thee: with be will also we thee: unto belongeth matter this for Arise;
law. the to according done be it let and God; our of commandment the at tremble that those of and lord, my of counsel the to according them, of born are as such and wives, the all away put to God our with covenant a make us let therefore Now
thing. this concerning Israel in hope is there now yet land: the of people the of wives strange taken have and God, our against trespassed have We Ezra, unto said and answered Elam, of sons the of one Jehiel, of son the Shechaniah And
sore. very wept people the for children: and women and men of congregation great very a Israel of out him unto assembled there God, of house the before down himself casting and weeping confessed, had he when and prayed, had Ezra when Now
this. of because thee before stand cannot we for trespasses: our in thee before are we behold, day: this is it as escaped, yet remain we for righteous: art thou Israel, of God Lord O
escaping? nor remnant no be should there that so us, consumed hadst thou till us with angry be thou not wouldest abominations? these of people the with affinity in join and commandments, thy break again we Should
this; as deliverance such us given hast and deserve, iniquities our than less us punished hast God our thou that seeing trespass, great our for and deeds, evil our for us upon come is that all after And
ever. for children your to inheritance an for it leave and land, the of good the eat and strong, be may ye that ever: for wealth their or peace their seek nor sons, your unto daughters their take neither sons, their unto daughters your not give therefore Now
uncleanness. their with another to end one from it filled have which abominations, their with lands, the of people the of filthiness the with land unclean an is it, possess to go ye which unto land, The saying, prophets, the servants thy by commanded hast thou Which
commandments, thy forsaken have we for this? after say we shall what God, our O now, And
Jerusalem. in and Judah in wall a us give to and thereof, desolations the repair to and God, our of house the up set to reviving, a us give to Persia, of kings the of sight the in us unto mercy extended hath but bondage, our in us forsaken not hath God our yet bondmen; were we For
bondage. our in reviving little a us give and eyes, our lighten may God our that place, holy his in nail a us give to and escape, to remnant a us leave to God, our Lord the from shewed been hath grace space little a for now And
day. this is it as face, of confusion to and spoil, a to and captivity, to sword, the to lands, the of kings the of hand the into delivered been priests, our and kings, our we, have iniquities our for and day; this unto trespass great a in been we have fathers our of days the Since
heavens. the unto up grown is trespass our and head, our over increased are iniquities our for God: my thee, to face my up lift to blush and ashamed am I God, my O said, And
God, my Lord the unto hands my out spread and knees, my upon fell I mantle, my and garment my rent having and heaviness; my from up arose I sacrifice evening the at And
sacrifice. evening the until astonied sat I and away; carried been had that those of transgression the of because Israel, of God the of words the at trembled that one every me unto assembled were Then
astonied. down sat and beard, my of and head my of hair the off plucked and mantle, my and garment my rent I thing, this heard I when And
trespass. this in chief been hath rulers and princes the of hand the yea, lands: those of people the with themselves mingled have seed holy the that so sons: their for and themselves, for daughters their of taken have they For
Amorites. the and Egyptians, the Moabites, the Ammonites, the Jebusites, the Perizzites, the Hittites, the Canaanites, the of even abominations, their to according doing lands, the of people the from themselves separated not have Levites, the and priests, the and Israel, of people The saying, me, to came princes the done, were things these when Now
God. of house the and people, the furthered they and river: the side this on governors the to and lieutenants, king's the unto commissions king's the delivered they And
. Lord the unto offering burnt a was this all offering: sin a for goats he twelve lambs, seven and seventy rams, six and ninety Israel, all for bullocks twelve Israel, of God the unto offerings burnt offered captivity, the of out come were which away, carried been had that those of children the Also
time. that at written was weight the all and one: every of weight by and number By
Levites; Binnui, of son the Noadiah and Jeshua, of son the Jozabad was them with and Phinehas; of son the Eleazar was him with and priest; the Uriah of son the Meremoth of hand the by God our of house the in weighed vessels the and gold the and silver the was day fourth the on Now
days. three there abode and Jerusalem, to came we And
way. the by wait in lay as such of and enemy, the of hand the from us delivered he and us, upon was God our of hand the and Jerusalem: unto go to month, first the of day twelfth the on Ahava of river the from departed we Then
God. our of house the unto Jerusalem to them bring to vessels, the and gold, the and silver, the of weight the Levites the and priests the took So
. Lord the of house the of chambers the in Jerusalem, at Israel, of fathers the of chief and Levites, the and priests the of chief the before them weigh ye until them, keep and ye, Watch
fathers. your of God Lord the unto offering freewill a are gold the and silver the and also; holy are vessels the ; Lord the unto holy are Ye them, unto said I And
gold. as precious copper, fine of vessels two and drams; thousand a of gold, of basons twenty Also
talents; hundred an gold of and talents, hundred an vessels silver and silver, of talents fifty and hundred six hand their unto weighed even I
offered: had present, there Israel all and lords, his and counsellors, his and king, the which God, our of house the of offering the even vessels, the and gold, the and silver, the them unto weighed And
them, with brethren their of ten and Hashabiah, Sherebiah, priests, the of chief the of twelve separated I Then
us. of intreated was he and this: for God our besought and fasted we So
him. forsake that them all against is wrath his and power his but him; seek that good for them all upon is God our of hand The saying, king, the unto spoken had we because way: the in enemy the against us help to horsemen and soldiers of band a king the of require to ashamed was I For
substance. our all for and ones, little our for and us, for way right a him of seek to God, our before ourselves afflict might we that Ahava, of river the at there, fast a proclaimed I Then
name. by expressed were them of all Nethinims: twenty and hundred two Levites, the of service the for appointed had princes the and David whom Nethinims, the of Also
twenty; sons, their and brethren his Merari, of sons the of Jeshaiah him with and Hashabiah, And
eighteen; brethren, his and sons his with Sherebiah, and Israel; of son the Levi, of son the Mahli, of sons the of understanding, of man a us brought they us upon God our of hand good the by And
God. our of house the for ministers us unto bring should they that Casiphia, place the at Nethinims, the brethren his to and Iddo, unto say should they what them told I and Casiphia, place the at chief the Iddo unto commandment with them sent I And
understanding. of men Elnathan, for and Joiarib, for also men; chief Meshullam, for and Zechariah, for and Nathan, for and Elnathan, for and Jarib, for and Elnathan, for and Shemaiah, for Ariel, for Eliezer, for I sent Then
Levi. of sons the of none there found and priests, the and people, the viewed I and days: three tents in we abode there and Ahava; to runneth that river the to together them gathered I And
males. seventy them with and Zabbud, and Uthai, Bigvai; of also sons the Of
males. threescore them with and Shemaiah, and Jeiel, Eliphelet, these, are names whose Adonikam, of sons last the of And
males. ten and hundred an him with and Hakkatan, of son the Johanan Azgad; of sons the of And
males. eight and twenty him with and Bebai, of son the Zechariah Bebai; of sons the of And
males. threescore and hundred an him with and Josiphiah, of son the Shelomith; of sons the of And
males. eighteen and hundred two him with and Jehiel, of son the Obadiah Joab; of sons the Of
males. fourscore him with and Michael, of son the Zebadiah Shephatiah; of sons the of And
males. seventy him with and Athaliah, of son the Jeshaiah Elam; of sons the of And
males. fifty him with and Jonathan, of son the Ebed Adin; of also sons the Of
males. hundred three him with and Jahaziel, of son the Shechaniah; of sons the Of
males. hundred two him with and Zerahiah, of son the Elihoenai Pahathmoab; of sons the Of
fifty. and hundred an males the of genealogy by reckoned were him with and Zechariah: Pharosh; of sons the of Shechaniah, of sons the Of
Hattush. David; of sons the of Daniel: Ithamar; of sons the of Gershom: Phinehas; of sons the Of
king. the Artaxerxes of reign the in Babylon, from me with up went that them of genealogy the is this and fathers, their of chief the now are These
me. with up go to men chief Israel of out together gathered I and me, upon was God my Lord the of hand the as strengthened was I And princes. mighty king's the all before and counsellors, his and king, the before me unto mercy extended hath And
Jerusalem: in is which Lord the of house the beautify to heart, king's the in this as thing a such put hath which fathers, our of God Lord the be Blessed
imprisonment. to or goods, of confiscation to or banishment, to or death, unto be it whether him, upon speedily executed be judgment let king, the of law the and God, thy of law the do not will whosoever And
not. them know that them ye teach and God; thy of laws the know as such all river, the beyond are that people the all judge may which judges, and magistrates set hand, thine in is that God, thy of wisdom the after Ezra, thou, And
them. upon custom, or tribute, toll, impose to lawful be not shall it God, of house this of ministers or Nethinims, porters, singers, Levites, and priests the of any touching that you, certify we Also
sons? his and king the of realm the against wrath be there should why for heaven: of God the of house the for done diligently be it let heaven, of God the by commanded is Whatsoever
much. how prescribing without salt and oil, of baths hundred an to and wine, of baths hundred an to and wheat, of measures hundred an to and silver, of talents hundred an Unto
speedily, done be it you, of require shall heaven, of God the of law the of scribe the priest, the Ezra whatsoever that river, the beyond are which treasurers the all to decree a make do king, the Artaxerxes I even I, And
house. treasure king's the of out it bestow bestow, to occasion have shalt thou which God, thy of house the for needful be shall more whatsoever And
Jerusalem. of God the before thou deliver those God, thy of house the of service the for thee given are that also vessels The
God. your of will the after do that gold, the and silver the of rest the with do to brethren, thy to and thee, to good seem shall whatsoever And
Jerusalem. in is which God your of house the of altar the upon them offer and offerings, drink their and offerings meat their with lambs, rams, bullocks, money this with speedily buy mayest thou That
Jerusalem: in is which God their of house the for willingly offering priests, the of and people, the of offering freewill the with Babylon, of province the all in find canst thou that gold and silver the all And
Jerusalem, in is habitation whose Israel, of God the unto offered freely have counsellors his and king the which gold, and silver the carry to And
hand; thine in is which God thy of law the to according Jerusalem, and Judah concerning enquire to counsellors, seven his of and king, the of sent art thou as Forasmuch
thee. with go Jerusalem, to up go to freewill own their of minded are which realm, my in Levites, and priests his of and Israel, of people the of they all that decree, a make I
time. a such at and peace, perfect heaven, of God the of law the of scribe a priest, the Ezra unto kings, of king Artaxerxes,
Israel. to statutes his of and , Lord the of commandments the of words the of scribe a even scribe, the priest, the Ezra unto gave Artaxerxes king the that letter the of copy the is this Now
judgments. and statutes Israel in teach to and it, do to and , Lord the of law the seek to heart his prepared had Ezra For
him. upon God his of hand good the to according Jerusalem, to he came month fifth the of day first the on and Babylon, from up go to he began month first the of day first the upon For
king. the of year seventh the in was which month, fifth the in Jerusalem to came he And
king. the Artaxerxes of year seventh the in Jerusalem, unto Nethinims, the and porters, the and singers, the and Levites, the and priests, the of and Israel, of children the of some up went there And
him. upon God his Lord the of hand the to according request, his all him granted king the and given: had Israel of God Lord the which Moses, of law the in scribe ready a was he and Babylon; from up went Ezra This
priest: chief the Aaron of son the Eleazar, of son the Phinehas, of son the Abishua, of son The
Bukki, of son the Uzzi, of son the Zerahiah, of son The
Meraioth, of son the Azariah, of son the Amariah, of son The
Ahitub, of son the Zadok, of son the Shallum, of son The
Hilkiah, of son the Azariah, of son the Seraiah, of son the Ezra Persia, of king Artaxerxes of reign the in things, these after Now
Israel. of God the God, of house the of work the in hands their strengthen to them, unto Assyria of king the of heart the turned and joyful, them made had Lord the for joy: with days seven bread unleavened of feast the kept And
eat, did Israel, of God Lord the seek to land, the of heathen the of filthiness the from them unto themselves separated had as such all and captivity, of out again come were which Israel, of children the And
themselves. for and priests, the brethren their for and captivity, the of children the all for passover the killed and pure, were them of all together, purified were Levites the and priests the For
month. first the of day fourteenth the upon passover the kept captivity the of children the And
Moses. of book the in written is it as Jerusalem; at is which God, of service the for courses, their in Levites the and divisions, their in priests the set they And
Israel. of tribes the of number the to according goats, he twelve Israel, all for offering sin a for and lambs; hundred four rams, hundred two bullocks, hundred an God of house this of dedication the at offered And
joy. with God of house this of dedication the kept captivity, the of children the of rest the and Levites, the and priests, the Israel, of children the And
king. the Darius of reign the of year sixth the in was which Adar, month the of day third the on finished was house this And
Persia. of king Artaxerxes and Darius, and Cyrus, of commandment the to according and Israel, of God the of commandment the to according it, finished and builded, they And Iddo. of son the Zechariah and prophet the Haggai of prophesying the through prospered they and builded, Jews the of elders the And
speedily. did they so sent, had king the Darius which that to according companions, their and Shetharboznai, river, the side this on governor Tatnai, Then
speed. with done be it let decree; a made have Darius I Jerusalem. at is which God of house this destroy to and alter to hand their to put shall that people, and kings all destroy there dwell to name his caused hath that God the And
this. for dunghill a made be house his let and thereon; hanged be him let up, set being and house, his from down pulled be timber let word, this alter shall whosoever that decree, a made have I Also
sons. his of and king, the of life the for pray and heaven, of God the unto savours sweet of sacrifices offer may they That
fail: without day by day them given be it let Jerusalem, at are which priests the of appointment the to according oil, and wine, salt, wheat, heaven, of God the of offerings burnt the for lambs, and rams, and bullocks, young both of, need have they which that And
hindered. not be they that men, these unto given be expenses forthwith river, the beyond tribute the of even goods, king's the of that God: of house this of building the for Jews these of elders the to do shall ye what decree a make I Moreover
place. his in God of house this build Jews the of elders the and Jews the of governor the let alone; God of house this of work the Let
thence: from far ye be river, the beyond are which Apharsachites, the companions your and Shetharboznai, river, the beyond governor Tatnai, therefore, Now
God. of house the in them place and place, his to one every Jerusalem, at is which temple the unto again brought and restored, be Babylon, unto brought and Jerusalem, at is which temple the of out forth took Nebuchadnezzar which God, of house the of vessels silver and golden the let also And
house: king's the of out given be expenses the let and timber: new of row a and stones, great of rows three With
cubits; threescore thereof breadth the and cubits, threescore thereof height the laid; strongly be thereof foundations the let and sacrifices, offered they where place the builded, be house the Let Jerusalem, at God of house the concerning decree a made king the Cyrus same the king the Cyrus of year first the In
written: thus record a was therein and roll, a Medes, the of province the in is that palace the in Achmetha, at found was there And
Babylon. in up laid were treasures the where rolls, the of house the in made was search and decree, a made king the Darius Then
matter. this concerning us to pleasure his send king the let and Jerusalem, at God of house this build to king the Cyrus of made was decree a that so, be it whether Babylon, at there is which house, treasure king's the in made search be there let king, the to good seem it if therefore, Now
finished. not is it yet and building, in been it hath now until even time that since and Jerusalem: in is which God of house the of foundation the laid and Sheshbazzar, same the came Then
place. his in builded be God of house the let and Jerusalem, in is that temple the into them carry go, vessels, these Take him, unto said And
governor; made had he whom Sheshbazzar, was name whose one, unto delivered were they and Babylon, of temple the of out take king the Cyrus did those Babylon, of temple the into them brought and Jerusalem, in was that temple the of out took Nebuchadnezzar which God, of house the of silver and gold of also vessels the And
God. of house this build to decree a made Cyrus king same the Babylon of king the Cyrus of year first the in But
Babylon. into away people the carried and house, this destroyed who Chaldean, the Babylon, of king the Nebuchadnezzar of hand the into them gave he wrath, unto heaven of God the provoked had fathers our that after But
up. set and builded Israel of king great a which ago, years many these builded was that house the build and earth, and heaven of God the of servants the are We saying, answer, us returned they thus And
them. of chief the were that men the of names the write might we that thee, certify to also, names their asked We
walls? these up make to and house, this build to you commanded Who thus, them unto said and elders, those we asked Then
hands. their in prospereth and on, fast goeth work this and walls, the in laid is timber and stones, great with builded is which God, great the of house the to Judea, of province the into went we that king, the unto known it Be
peace. all king, the Darius Unto thus; written was wherein him, unto letter a sent They
king: the Darius unto sent river, the side this on were which Apharsachites, the companions his and Shetharboznai and river, the side this on governor Tatnai, that letter the of copy The
matter. this concerning letter by answer returned they then and Darius: to came matter the till cease, to them cause not could they that Jews, the of elders the upon was God their of eye the But
building? this make that men the of names the are What manner, this after them unto we said Then
wall? this up make to and house, this build to you commanded hath Who them, unto thus said and companions, their and Shetharboznai and river, the side this on governor Tatnai, them to came time same the At
them. helping God of prophets the were them with and Jerusalem: at is which God of house the build to began and Jozadak, of son the Jeshua and Shealtiel, of son the Zerubbabel up rose Then
them. unto even Israel, of God the of name the in Jerusalem and Judah in were that Jews the unto prophesied Iddo, of son the Zechariah and prophet, the Haggai prophets, the Then
Persia. of king Darius of reign the of year second the unto ceased it So Jerusalem. at is which God of house the of work the ceased Then
power. and force by cease to them made and Jews, the unto Jerusalem to haste in up went they companions, their and scribe, the Shimshai and Rehum, before read was letter Artaxerxes' king of copy the when Now
kings? the of hurt the to grow damage should why this: do to not fail ye that now heed Take
me. from given be shall commandment another until builded, not be city this that and cease, to men these cause to commandment now ye Give
them. unto paid was custom, and tribute, toll, and river; the beyond countries all over ruled have which Jerusalem, over also kings mighty been have There
therein. made been have sedition and rebellion that and kings, against insurrection made hath time old of city this that found is it and made, been hath search and commanded, I And
me. before read plainly been hath us unto sent ye which letter The
time. a such at and Peace, river, the beyond rest the unto and Samaria, in dwell that companions their of rest the to and scribe, the Shimshai to and chancellor, the Rehum unto answer an king the sent Then
river. the side this on portion no have shalt thou means this by up, set thereof walls the and again, builded be city this if that, king the certify We
destroyed. city this was cause which for time: old of same the within sedition moved have they that and provinces, and kings unto hurtful and city, rebellious a is city this that know and records, the of book the in find thou shalt so fathers: thy of records the of book the in made be may search That
king; the certified and sent we have therefore dishonour, king's the see to us for meet not was it and palace, king's the from maintenance have we because Now
kings. the of revenue the endamage shalt thou so and custom, and tribute, toll, pay not they will then again, up set walls the and builded, be city this if that, king, the unto now known it Be
foundations. the joined and thereof, walls the up set have and city, bad the and rebellious the building Jerusalem, unto come are us to thee from up came which Jews the that king, the unto known it Be
time. a such at and river, the side this on men the servants Thy king; the Artaxerxes unto even him, unto sent they that letter the of copy the is This
time. a such at and river, the side this on are that rest the and Samaria, of cities the in set and over, brought Asnapper noble and great the whom nations the of rest the And
Elamites, the and Dehavites, the Susanchites, the Babylonians, the Archevites, the Apharsites, the Tarpelites, the Apharsathchites, the Dinaites, the companions; their of rest the and scribe, the Shimshai and chancellor, the Rehum wrote Then
sort: this in king the Artaxerxes to Jerusalem against letter a wrote scribe the Shimshai and chancellor the Rehum
tongue. Syrian the in interpreted and tongue, Syrian the in written was letter the of writing the and Persia; of king Artaxerxes unto companions, their of rest the and Tabeel, Mithredath, Bishlam, wrote Artaxerxes of days the in And
Jerusalem. and Judah of inhabitants the against accusation an him unto they wrote reign, his of beginning the in Ahasuerus, of reign the in And
Persia. of king Darius of reign the until even Persia, of king Cyrus of days the all purpose, their frustrate to them, against counsellors hired And
building, in them troubled and Judah, of people the of hands the weakened land the of people the Then
us. commanded hath Persia of king the Cyrus king as Israel, of God Lord the unto build will together ourselves we but God; our unto house an build to us with do to nothing have Ye them, unto said Israel, of fathers the of chief the of rest the and Jeshua, and Zerubbabel, But
hither. up us brought which Assur, of king Esarhaddon of days the since him unto sacrifice do we and do; ye as God, your seek we for you: with build us Let them, unto said and fathers, the of chief the to and Zerubbabel, to came they Then
Israel; of God Lord the unto temple the builded captivity the of children the that heard Benjamin and Judah of adversaries the when Now
off. afar heard was noise the and shout, loud a with shouted people the for people: the of weeping the of noise the from joy of shout the of noise the discern not could people the that So
joy: for aloud shouted many and voice; loud a with wept eyes, their before laid was house this of foundation the when house, first the seen had that men, ancient were who fathers, the of chief and Levites and priests the of many But
laid. was Lord the of house the of foundation the because , Lord the praised they when shout, great a with shouted people the all And Israel. toward ever for endureth mercy his for good, is he because ; Lord the unto thanks giving and praising in course by together sang they And
Israel. of king David of ordinance the after , Lord the praise to cymbals, with Asaph of sons the Levites the and trumpets, with apparel their in priests the set they , Lord the of temple the of foundation the laid builders the when And
Levites. the brethren their and sons their with Henadad, of sons the God: of house the in workmen the forward set to together, Judah, of sons the sons, his and Kadmiel brethren, his and sons his with Jeshua stood Then
. Lord the of house the of work the forward set to upward, and old years twenty from Levites, the appointed and Jerusalem; unto captivity the of out come were that they all and Levites, the and priests the brethren their of remnant the and Jozadak, of son the Jeshua and Shealtiel, of son the Zerubbabel began month, second the in Jerusalem, at God of house the unto coming their of year second the in Now
Persia. of king Cyrus of had they that grant the to according Joppa, of sea the to Lebanon from trees cedar bring to Tyre, of them to and Zidon, of them unto oil, and drink, and meat, and carpenters; the to and masons, the unto also money gave They
laid. yet not was Lord the of temple the of foundation the But . Lord the unto offerings burnt offer to they began month seventh the of day first the From
. Lord the unto offering freewill a offered willingly that one every of and consecrated, were that Lord the of feasts set the all of and moons, new the of both offering, burnt continual the offered afterward And
required; day every of duty the as custom, the to according number, by offerings burnt daily the offered and written, is it as tabernacles, of feast the also kept They
evening. and morning offerings burnt even , Lord the unto thereon offerings burnt offered they and countries: those of people the of because them upon was fear for bases; his upon altar the set they And
God. of man the Moses of law the in written is it as thereon, offerings burnt offer to Israel, of God the of altar the builded and brethren, his and Shealtiel, of son the Zerubbabel and priests, the brethren his and Jozadak, of son the Jeshua up stood Then
Jerusalem. to man one as together themselves gathered people the cities, the in were Israel of children the and come, was month seventh the when And
cities. their in Israel all and cities, their in dwelt Nethinims, the and porters, the and singers, the and people, the of some and Levites, the and priests, the So
garments. priests' hundred one and silver, of pound thousand five and gold, of drams thousand one and threescore work the of treasure the unto ability their after gave They
place: his in up it set to God of house the for freely offered Jerusalem, at is which Lord the of house the to came they when fathers, the of chief the of some And
twenty. and hundred seven thousand six asses, their five; and thirty hundred four camels, Their
five; and forty hundred two mules, their six; and thirty hundred seven were horses Their
women. singing and men singing hundred two them among were there and seven: and thirty hundred three thousand seven were there whom of maids, their and servants their Beside
threescore, and hundred three thousand two and forty was together congregation whole The
Thummim. with and Urim with priest a up stood there till things, holy most the of eat not should they that them, unto said Tirshatha the And
priesthood. the from put polluted, as they, were therefore found: not were they but genealogy, by reckoned were that those among register their sought These
name: their after called was and Gileadite, the Barzillai of daughters the of wife a took which Barzillai; of children the Koz, of children the Habaiah, of children the priests: the of children the of And
two. and fifty hundred six Nekoda, of children the Tobiah, of children the Delaiah, of children The
Israel: of were they whether seed, their and house, father's their shew not could they but Immer: and Addan, Cherub, Telharsa, Telmelah, from up went which they were these And
two. and ninety hundred three were servants, Solomon's of children the and Nethinims, the All
Ami. of children the Zebaim, of Pochereth of children the Hattil, of children the Shephatiah, of children The
Giddel, of children the Darkon, of children the Jaalah, of children The
Peruda, of children the Sophereth, of children the Sotai, of children the servants: Solomon's of children The
Hatipha. of children the Neziah, of children The
Thamah, of children the Sisera, of children the Barkos, of children The
Harsha, of children the Mehida, of children the Bazluth, of children The
Harhur, of children the Hakupha, of children the Bakbuk, of children The
Nephusim, of children the Mehunim, of children the Asnah, of children The
Besai, of children the Paseah, of children the Uzza, of children The
Gazzam, of children the Nekoda, of children the Rezin, of children The
Reaiah, of children the Gahar, of children the Giddel, of children The
Hanan, of children the Shalmai, of children the Hagab, of children The
Akkub, of children the Hagabah, of children the Lebanah, of children The
Padon, of children the Siaha, of children the Keros, of children The
Tabbaoth, of children the Hasupha, of children the Ziha, of children the Nethinims: The
nine. and thirty hundred an all in Shobai, of children the Hatita, of children the Akkub, of children the Talmon, of children the Ater, of children the Shallum, of children the porters: the of children The
eight. and twenty hundred an Asaph, of children the singers: The
four. and seventy Hodaviah, of children the of Kadmiel, and Jeshua of children the Levites: The
seventeen. and thousand a Harim, of children The
seven. and forty hundred two thousand a Pashur, of children The
two. and fifty thousand a Immer, of children The
three. and seventy hundred nine Jeshua, of house the of Jedaiah, of children the priests: The
thirty. and hundred six and thousand three Senaah, of children The
five. and forty hundred three Jericho, of children The
five. and twenty hundred seven Ono, and Hadid, Lod, of children The
twenty. and hundred three Harim, of children The
four. and fifty hundred two thousand a Elam, other the of children The
six. and fifty hundred an Magbish, of children The
two. and fifty Nebo, of children The
three. and twenty hundred two Ai, and Bethel of men The
two. and twenty hundred an Michmas, of men The
one. and twenty hundred six Gaba, and Ramah of children The
three. and forty and hundred seven Beeroth, and Chephirah, Kirjatharim, of children The
two. and forty Azmaveth, of children The
eight. and twenty hundred an Anathoth, of men The
six. and fifty Netophah, of men The
three. and twenty hundred an Bethlehem, of children The
five. and ninety Gibbar, of children The
three. and twenty hundred two Hashum, of children The
twelve. and hundred an Jorah, of children The
three. and twenty hundred three Bezai, of children The
eight. and ninety Hezekiah, of Ater of children The
four. and fifty hundred four Adin, of children The
six. and fifty thousand two Bigvai, of children The
six. and sixty hundred six Adonikam, of children The
two. and twenty hundred two thousand a Azgad, of children The
three. and twenty hundred six Bebai, of children The
two. and forty hundred six Bani, of children The
threescore. and hundred seven Zaccai, of children The
five. and forty hundred nine Zattu, of children The
four. and fifty hundred two thousand a Elam, of children The
twelve. and hundred eight thousand two Joab, and Jeshua of children the of Pahathmoab, of children The
five. and seventy hundred seven Arah, of children The
two. and seventy hundred three Shephatiah, of children The
two. and seventy hundred an thousand two Parosh, of children The
Israel: of people the of men the of number The Baanah. Rehum, Bigvai, Mizpar, Bilshan, Mordecai, Reelaiah, Seraiah, Nehemiah, Jeshua, Zerubbabel: with came Which
city; his unto one every Judah, and Jerusalem unto again came and Babylon, unto away carried had Babylon of king the Nebuchadnezzar whom away, carried been had which those of captivity, the of out up went that province the of children the are these Now
Jerusalem. unto Babylon from up brought were that captivity the of them with up bring Sheshbazzar did these All hundred. four and thousand five were silver of and gold of vessels the All
thousand. a vessels other and ten, and hundred four sort second a of basons silver gold, of basons Thirty
knives, twenty and nine silver, of chargers thousand a gold, of chargers thirty them: of number the is this And
Judah. of prince the Sheshbazzar, unto them numbered and treasurer, the Mithredath of hand the by forth bring Persia of king Cyrus did those Even
gods; his of house the in them put had and Jerusalem, of out forth brought had Nebuchadnezzar which , Lord the of house the of vessels the forth brought king the Cyrus Also
offered. willingly was that all beside things, precious with and beasts, with and goods, with gold, with silver, of vessels with hands their strengthened them about were that they all And
Jerusalem. in is which Lord the of house the build to up go to raised, had God spirit whose them all with Levites, the and priests, the and Benjamin, and Judah of fathers the of chief the up rose Then
Jerusalem. in is that God of house the for offering freewill the beside beasts, with and goods, with and gold, with and silver, with him help place his of men the let sojourneth, he where place any in remaineth whosoever And
Jerusalem. in is which God,) the is (he Israel, of God Lord the of house the build and Judah, in is which Jerusalem, to up go him let and him, with be God his people? his all of you among there is Who
Judah. in is which Jerusalem, at house an him build to me charged hath he and earth; the of kingdoms the all me given hath heaven of God Lord The Persia, of king Cyrus saith Thus
saying, writing, in also it put and kingdom, his all throughout proclamation a made he that Persia, of king Cyrus of spirit the up stirred Lord the fulfilled, be might Jeremiah of mouth the by Lord the of word the that Persia, of king Cyrus of year first the in Now
Ezra
up. go him let and him, with be God his Lord The people? his all of you among there is Who Judah. in is which Jerusalem, in house an him build to me charged hath he and me; given heaven of God Lord the hath earth the of kingdoms the All Persia, of king Cyrus saith Thus 2Chr.36:23
saying, writing, in also it put and kingdom, his all throughout proclamation a made he that Persia, of king Cyrus of spirit the up stirred Lord the accomplished, be might Jeremiah of mouth the by spoken Lord the of word the that Persia, of king Cyrus of year first the in Now 2Chr.36:22
years. ten and threescore fulfil to sabbath, kept she desolate lay she as long as for sabbaths: her enjoyed had land the until Jeremiah, of mouth the by Lord the of word the fulfil To 2Chr.36:21
Persia: of kingdom the of reign the until sons his and him to servants were they where Babylon; to away he carried sword the from escaped had that them And 2Chr.36:20
thereof. vessels goodly the all destroyed and fire, with thereof palaces the all burnt and Jerusalem, of wall the down brake and God, of house the burnt they And 2Chr.36:19
Babylon. to brought he these all princes; his of and king, the of treasures the and , Lord the of house the of treasures the and small, and great God, of house the of vessels the all And 2Chr.36:18
hand. his into all them gave he age: for stooped that him or man, old maiden, or man young upon compassion no had and sanctuary, their of house the in sword the with men young their slew who Chaldees, the of king the them upon brought he Therefore 2Chr.36:17
remedy. no was there till people, his against arose Lord the of wrath the until prophets, his misused and words, his despised and God, of messengers the mocked they But 2Chr.36:16
place: dwelling his on and people, his on compassion had he because sending; and betimes, up rising messengers, his by them to sent fathers their of God Lord the And 2Chr.36:15
Jerusalem. in hallowed had he which Lord the of house the polluted and heathen; the of abominations the all after much very transgressed people, the and priests, the of chief the all Moreover 2Chr.36:14
Israel. of God Lord the unto turning from heart his hardened and neck, his stiffened he but God: by swear him made had who Nebuchadnezzar, king against rebelled also he And 2Chr.36:13
. Lord the of mouth the from speaking prophet the Jeremiah before himself not humbled and God, his Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Chr.36:12
Jerusalem. in years eleven reigned and reign, to began he when old years twenty and one was Zedekiah 2Chr.36:11
Jerusalem. and Judah over king brother his Zedekiah made and , Lord the of house the of vessels goodly the with Babylon, to him brought and sent, Nebuchadnezzar king expired, was year the when And 2Chr.36:10
. Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he and Jerusalem: in days ten and months three reigned he and reign, to began he when old years eight was Jehoiachin 2Chr.36:9
stead. his in reigned son his Jehoiachin and Judah: and Israel of kings the of book the in written are they behold, him, in found was which that and did, he which abominations his and Jehoiakim, of acts the of rest the Now 2Chr.36:8
Babylon. at temple his in them put and Babylon, to Lord the of house the of vessels the of carried also Nebuchadnezzar 2Chr.36:7
Babylon. to him carry to fetters, in him bound and Babylon, of king Nebuchadnezzar up came him Against 2Chr.36:6
God. his Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he and Jerusalem: in years eleven reigned he and reign, to began he when old years five and twenty was Jehoiakim 2Chr.36:5
Egypt. to him carried and brother, his Jehoahaz took Necho And Jehoiakim. to name his turned and Jerusalem, and Judah over king brother his Eliakim made Egypt of king the And 2Chr.36:4
gold. of talent a and silver of talents hundred an in land the condemned and Jerusalem, at down him put Egypt of king the And 2Chr.36:3
Jerusalem. in months three reigned he and reign, to began he when old years three and twenty was Jehoahaz 2Chr.36:2
Jerusalem. in stead father's his in king him made and Josiah, of son the Jehoahaz took land the of people the Then 2Chr.36:1
Judah. and Israel of kings the of book the in written are they behold, last, and first deeds, his And 2Chr.35:27
, Lord the of law the in written was which that to according goodness, his and Josiah, of acts the of rest the Now 2Chr.35:26
lamentations. the in written are they behold, and, Israel: in ordinance an them made and day, this to lamentations their in Josiah of spake women singing the and men singing the all and Josiah: for lamented Jeremiah And 2Chr.35:25
Josiah. for mourned Jerusalem and Judah all And fathers. his of sepulchres the of one in buried was and died, he and Jerusalem, to him brought they and had; he that chariot second the in him put and chariot, that of out him took therefore servants His 2Chr.35:24
wounded. sore am I for away; me Have servants, his to said king the and Josiah; king at shot archers the And 2Chr.35:23
Megiddo. of valley the in fight to came and God, of mouth the from Necho of words the unto not hearkened and him, with fight might he that himself, disguised but him, from face his turn not would Josiah Nevertheless 2Chr.35:22
not. thee destroy he that me, with is who God, with meddling from thee forbear haste: make to me commanded God for war: have I wherewith house the against but day, this thee against not come I Judah? of king thou thee, with do to I have What saying, him, to ambassadors sent he But 2Chr.35:21
him. against out went Josiah and Euphrates: by Charchemish against fight to up came Egypt of king Necho temple, the prepared had Josiah when this, all After 2Chr.35:20
kept. passover this was Josiah of reign the of year eighteenth the In 2Chr.35:19
Jerusalem. of inhabitants the and present, were that Israel and Judah all and Levites, the and priests, the and kept, Josiah as passover a such keep Israel of kings the all did neither prophet; the Samuel of days the from Israel in kept that to like passover no was there And 2Chr.35:18
days. seven bread unleavened of feast the and time, that at passover the kept present were that Israel of children the And 2Chr.35:17
Josiah. king of commandment the to according , Lord the of altar the upon offerings burnt offer to and passover, the keep to day, same the prepared was Lord the of service the all So 2Chr.35:16
them. for prepared Levites the brethren their for service; their from depart not might they gate; every at waited porters the and seer; king's the Jeduthun and Heman, and Asaph, and David, of commandment the to according place, their in were Asaph of sons the singers the And 2Chr.35:15
Aaron. of sons the priests the for and themselves, for prepared Levites the therefore night; until fat the and offerings burnt of offering in busied were Aaron of sons the priests the because priests: the for and themselves, for ready made they afterward And 2Chr.35:14
people. the all among speedily them divided and pans, in and caldrons, in and pots, in they sod offerings holy other the but ordinance: the to according fire with passover the roasted they And 2Chr.35:13
oxen. the with they did so And Moses. of book the in written is it as , Lord the unto offer to people, the of families the of divisions the to according give might they that offerings, burnt the removed they And 2Chr.35:12
them. flayed Levites the and hands, their from blood the sprinkled priests the and passover, the killed they And 2Chr.35:11
commandment. king's the to according courses, their in Levites the and place, their in stood priests the and prepared, was service the So 2Chr.35:10
oxen. hundred five and cattle, small thousand five offerings passover for Levites the unto gave Levites, the of chief Jozabad, and Jeiel and Hashabiah and brethren, his Nethaneel, and Shemaiah and also, Conaniah 2Chr.35:9
oxen. hundred three and cattle small hundred six and thousand two offerings passover the for priests the unto gave God, of house the of rulers Jehiel, and Zechariah and Hilkiah Levites: the to and priests, the to people, the unto willingly gave princes his And 2Chr.35:8
substance. king's the of were these bullocks: thousand three and thousand, thirty of number the to present, were that all for offerings, passover the for all kids, and lambs flock, the of people, the to gave Josiah And 2Chr.35:7
Moses. of hand the by Lord the of word the to according do may they that brethren, your prepare and yourselves, sanctify and passover, the kill So 2Chr.35:6
Levites. the of families the of division the after and people, the brethren your of fathers the of families the of divisions the to according place holy the in stand And 2Chr.35:5
son. his Solomon of writing the to according and Israel, of king David of writing the to according courses, your after fathers, your of houses the by yourselves prepare And 2Chr.35:4
Israel, people his and God, your Lord the now serve shoulders: your upon burden a be not shall it build; did Israel of king David of son the Solomon which house the in ark holy the Put , Lord the unto holy were which Israel, all taught that Levites the unto said And 2Chr.35:3
, Lord the of house the of service the to them encouraged and charges, their in priests the set he And 2Chr.35:2
month. first the of day fourteenth the on passover the killed they and Jerusalem: in Lord the unto passover a kept Josiah Moreover 2Chr.35:1
fathers. their of God the , Lord the following from not departed they days his all And God. their Lord the serve to even serve, to Israel in present were that all made and Israel, of children the to pertained that countries the all of out abominations the all away took Josiah And 2Chr.34:33
fathers. their of God the God, of covenant the to according did Jerusalem of inhabitants the And it. to stand to Benjamin and Jerusalem in present were that all caused he And 2Chr.34:32
book. this in written are which covenant the of words the perform to soul, his all with and heart, his all with statutes, his and testimonies, his and commandments, his keep to and , Lord the after walk to , Lord the before covenant a made and place, his in stood king the And 2Chr.34:31
. Lord the of house the in found was that covenant the of book the of words the all ears their in read he and small: and great people, the all and Levites, the and priests, the and Jerusalem, of inhabitants the and Judah, of men the all and , Lord the of house the into up went king the And 2Chr.34:30
Jerusalem. and Judah of elders the all together gathered and sent king the Then 2Chr.34:29
again. word king the brought they So same. the of inhabitants the upon and place, this upon bring will I that evil the all see eyes thine shall neither peace, in grave thy to gathered be shalt thou and fathers, thy to thee gather will I Behold, 2Chr.34:28
. Lord the saith also, thee heard even have I me; before weep and clothes, thy rend didst and me, before thyself humbledst and thereof, inhabitants the against and place, this against words his heardest thou when God, before thyself humble didst thou and tender, was heart thine Because 2Chr.34:27
heard; hast thou which words the concerning Israel of God Lord the saith Thus him, unto say ye shall so , Lord the of enquire to you sent who Judah, of king the for as And 2Chr.34:26
quenched. be not shall and place, this upon out poured be shall wrath my therefore hands; their of works the all with anger to me provoke might they that gods, other unto incense burned have and me, forsaken have they Because 2Chr.34:25
Judah: of king the before read have they which book the in written are that curses the all even thereof, inhabitants the upon and place, this upon evil bring will I Behold, , Lord the saith Thus 2Chr.34:24
me, to you sent that man the ye Tell Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus them, answered she And 2Chr.34:23
effect. that to her to spake they and college:) the in Jerusalem in dwelt she (now wardrobe; the of keeper Hasrah, of son the Tikvath, of son the Shallum of wife the prophetess, the Huldah to went appointed, had king the that they and Hilkiah, And 2Chr.34:22
book. this in written is that all after do to , Lord the of word the kept not have fathers our because us, upon out poured is that Lord the of wrath the is great for found: is that book the of words the concerning Judah, in and Israel in left are that them for and me, for Lord the of enquire Go, 2Chr.34:21
saying, king's, the of servant a Asaiah and scribe, the Shaphan and Micah, of son the Abdon and Shaphan, of son the Ahikam and Hilkiah, commanded king the And 2Chr.34:20
clothes. his rent he that law, the of words the heard had king the when pass, to came it And 2Chr.34:19
king. the before it read Shaphan And book. a me given hath priest the Hilkiah saying, king, the told scribe the Shaphan Then 2Chr.34:18
workmen. the of hand the to and overseers, the of hand the into it delivered have and , Lord the of house the in found was that money the together gathered have they And 2Chr.34:17
it. do they servants, thy to committed was that All saying, again, back word king the brought and king, the to book the carried Shaphan And 2Chr.34:16
Shaphan. to book the delivered Hilkiah And . Lord the of house the in law the of book the found have I scribe, the Shaphan to said and answered Hilkiah And 2Chr.34:15
Moses. by given Lord the of law the of book a found priest the Hilkiah , Lord the of house the into brought was that money the out brought they when And 2Chr.34:14
porters. and officers, and scribes, were there Levites the of and service: of manner any in work the wrought that all of overseers were and burdens, of bearers the over were they Also 2Chr.34:13
musick. of instruments of skill could that all Levites, the of other and forward; it set to Kohathites, the of sons the of Meshullam, and Zechariah and Merari; of sons the of Levites, the Obadiah, and Jahath were them of overseers the and faithfully: work the did men the And 2Chr.34:12
destroyed. had Judah of kings the which houses the floor to and couplings, for timber and stone, hewn buy to it, they gave builders and artificers the to Even 2Chr.34:11
house: the amend and repair to , Lord the of house the in wrought that workmen the to it gave they and , Lord the of house the of oversight the had that workmen the of hand the in it put they And 2Chr.34:10
Jerusalem. to returned they and Benjamin; and Judah all of and Israel, of remnant the all of and Ephraim, and Manasseh of hand the of gathered had doors the kept that Levites the which God, of house the into brought was that money the delivered they priest, high the Hilkiah to came they when And 2Chr.34:9
God. his Lord the of house the repair to recorder, the Joahaz of son the Joah and city, the of governor the Maaseiah and Azaliah, of son the Shaphan sent he house, the and land, the purged had he when reign, his of year eighteenth the in Now 2Chr.34:8
Jerusalem. to returned he Israel, of land the all throughout idols the all down cut and powder, into images graven the beaten had and groves, the and altars the down broken had he when And 2Chr.34:7
about. round mattocks their with Naphtali, unto even Simeon, and Ephraim, and Manasseh, of cities the in he did so And 2Chr.34:6
Jerusalem. and Judah cleansed and altars, their upon priests the of bones the burnt he And 2Chr.34:5
them. unto sacrificed had that them of graves the upon it strowed and them, of dust made and pieces, in brake he images, molten the and images, carved the and groves, the and down; cut he them, above high on were that images, the and presence; his in Baalim of altars the down brake they And 2Chr.34:4
images. molten the and images, carved the and groves, the and places, high the from Jerusalem and Judah purge to began he year twelfth the in and father: his David of God the after seek to began he young, yet was he while reign, his of year eighth the in For 2Chr.34:3
left. the to nor hand, right the to neither declined and father, his David of ways the in walked and , Lord the of sight the in right was which that did he And 2Chr.34:2
years. thirty and one Jerusalem in reigned he and reign, to began he when old years eight was Josiah 2Chr.34:1
stead. his in king son his Josiah made land the of people the and Amon; king against conspired had that them all slew land the of people the But 2Chr.33:25
house. own his in him slew and him, against conspired servants his And 2Chr.33:24
more. and more trespassed Amon but himself; humbled had father his Manasseh as , Lord the before himself not humbled And 2Chr.33:23
them; served and made, had father his Manasseh which images carved the all unto sacrificed Amon for father: his Manasseh did as , Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he But 2Chr.33:22
Jerusalem. in years two reigned and reign, to began he when old years twenty and two was Amon 2Chr.33:21
stead. his in reigned son his Amon and house: own his in him buried they and fathers, his with slept Manasseh So 2Chr.33:20
seers. the of sayings the among written are they behold, humbled: was he before images, graven and groves up set and places, high built he wherein places the and trespass, his and sins, his all and him, of intreated was God how and also, prayer His 2Chr.33:19
Israel. of kings the of book the in written are they behold, Israel, of God Lord the of name the in him to spake that seers the of words the and God, his unto prayer his and Manasseh, of acts the of rest the Now 2Chr.33:18
only. God their Lord the unto yet places, high the in still sacrifice did people the Nevertheless 2Chr.33:17
Israel. of God Lord the serve to Judah commanded and offerings, thank and offerings peace thereon sacrificed and , Lord the of altar the repaired he And 2Chr.33:16
city. the of out them cast and Jerusalem, in and , Lord the of house the of mount the in built had he that altars the all and , Lord the of house the of out idol the and gods, strange the away took he And 2Chr.33:15
Judah. of cities fenced the all in war of captains put and height, great very a up it raised and Ophel, about compassed and gate, fish the at in entering the to even valley, the in Gihon, of side west the on David, of city the without wall a built he this after Now 2Chr.33:14
God. was he Lord the that knew Manasseh Then kingdom. his into Jerusalem to again him brought and supplication, his heard and him, of intreated was he and him: unto prayed And 2Chr.33:13
fathers, his of God the before greatly himself humbled and God, his Lord the besought he affliction, in was he when And 2Chr.33:12
Babylon. to him carried and fetters, with him bound and thorns, the among Manasseh took which Assyria, of king the of host the of captains the them upon brought Lord the Wherefore 2Chr.33:11
hearken. not would they but people: his to and Manasseh, to spake Lord the And 2Chr.33:10
Israel. of children the before destroyed had Lord the whom heathen, the than worse do to and err, to Jerusalem of inhabitants the and Judah made Manasseh So 2Chr.33:9
Moses. of hand the by ordinances the and statutes the and law whole the to according them, commanded have I that all do to heed take will they that so fathers; your for appointed have I which land the of out from Israel of foot the remove more any I will Neither 2Chr.33:8
ever: for name my put I will Israel, of tribes the all before chosen have I which Jerusalem, in and house, this In son, his Solomon to and David to said had God which of God, of house the in made, had he which idol the image, carved a set he And 2Chr.33:7
anger. to him provoke to , Lord the of sight the in evil much wrought he wizards: with and spirit, familiar a with dealt and witchcraft, used and enchantments, used and times, observed he also Hinnom: of son the of valley the in fire the through pass to children his caused he And 2Chr.33:6
. Lord the of house the of courts two the in heaven of host the all for altars built he And 2Chr.33:5
ever. for be name my shall Jerusalem In said, had Lord the whereof , Lord the of house the in altars built he Also 2Chr.33:4
them. served and heaven, of host the all worshipped and groves, made and Baalim, for altars up reared he and down, broken had father his Hezekiah which places high the again built he For 2Chr.33:3
Israel. of children the before out cast had Lord the whom heathen, the of abominations the unto like , Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did But 2Chr.33:2
Jerusalem: in years five and fifty reigned he and reign, to began he when old years twelve was Manasseh 2Chr.33:1
stead. his in reigned son his Manasseh And death. his at honour him did Jerusalem of inhabitants the and Judah all and David: of sons the of sepulchres the of chiefest the in him buried they and fathers, his with slept Hezekiah And 2Chr.32:33
Israel. and Judah of kings the of book the in and Amoz, of son the prophet, the Isaiah of vision the in written are they behold, goodness, his and Hezekiah, of acts the of rest the Now 2Chr.32:32
heart. his in was that all know might he that him, try to him, left God land, the in done was that wonder the of enquire to him unto sent who Babylon, of princes the of ambassadors the of business the in Howbeit 2Chr.32:31
works. his all in prospered Hezekiah And David. of city the of side west the to down straight it brought and Gihon, of watercourse upper the stopped also Hezekiah same This 2Chr.32:30
much. very substance him given had God for abundance: in herds and flocks of possessions and cities, him provided he Moreover 2Chr.32:29
flocks. for cotes and beasts, of manner all for stalls and oil; and wine, and corn, of increase the for also Storehouses 2Chr.32:28
jewels; pleasant of manner all for and shields, for and spices, for and stones, precious for and gold, for and silver, for treasuries himself made he and honour: and riches much exceeding had Hezekiah And 2Chr.32:27
Hezekiah. of days the in them upon not came Lord the of wrath the that so Jerusalem, of inhabitants the and he both heart, his of pride the for himself humbled Hezekiah Notwithstanding 2Chr.32:26
Jerusalem. and Judah upon and him, upon wrath was there therefore up: lifted was heart his for him; unto done benefit the to according again not rendered Hezekiah But 2Chr.32:25
sign. a him gave he and him, unto spake he and : Lord the unto prayed and death, the to sick was Hezekiah days those In 2Chr.32:24
thenceforth. from nations all of sight the in magnified was he that so Judah: of king Hezekiah to presents and Jerusalem, to Lord the unto gifts brought many And 2Chr.32:23
side. every on them guided and other, all of hand the from and Assyria, of king the Sennacherib of hand the from Jerusalem of inhabitants the and Hezekiah saved Lord the Thus 2Chr.32:22
sword. the with there him slew bowels own his of forth came that they god, his of house the into come was he when And land. own his to face of shame with returned he So Assyria. of king the of camp the in captains and leaders the and valour, of men mighty the all off cut which angel, an sent Lord the And 2Chr.32:21
heaven. to cried and prayed Amoz, of son the Isaiah prophet the and king, the Hezekiah cause this for And 2Chr.32:20
man. of hands the of work the were which earth, the of people the of gods the against as Jerusalem, of God the against spake they And 2Chr.32:19
city. the take might they that them; trouble to and them, affright to wall, the on were that Jerusalem of people the unto speech Jews' the in voice loud a with cried they Then 2Chr.32:18
hand. mine of out people his deliver Hezekiah of God the not shall so hand, mine of out people their delivered not have lands other of nations the of gods the As saying, him, against speak to and Israel, of God Lord the on rail to letters also wrote He 2Chr.32:17
Hezekiah. servant his against and God, Lord the against more yet spake servants his And 2Chr.32:16
hand? mine of out you deliver God your shall less much how fathers: my of hand the of out and hand, mine of out people his deliver to able was kingdom or nation any of god no for him: believe yet neither manner, this on you persuade nor you, deceive Hezekiah not let therefore Now 2Chr.32:15
hand? mine of out you deliver to able be should God your that hand, mine of out people his deliver could that destroyed, utterly fathers my that nations those of gods the all among there was Who 2Chr.32:14
hand? mine of out lands their deliver to able ways any lands those of nations the of gods the were lands? other of people the all unto done have fathers my and I what not ye Know 2Chr.32:13
it? upon incense burn and altar, one before worship shall Ye saying, Jerusalem, and Judah commanded and altars, his and places high his away taken Hezekiah same the not Hath 2Chr.32:12
Assyria? of king the of hand the of out us deliver shall God our Lord The saying, thirst, by and famine by die to yourselves over give to you persuade Hezekiah not Doth 2Chr.32:11
Jerusalem? in siege the in abide ye that trust, ye do Whereon Assyria, of king Sennacherib saith Thus 2Chr.32:10
saying, Jerusalem, at were that Judah all unto and Judah, of king Hezekiah unto him,) with power his all and Lachish, against siege laid himself he (but Jerusalem, to servants his send Assyria of king Sennacherib did this After 2Chr.32:9
Judah. of king Hezekiah of words the upon themselves rested people the And battles. our fight to and us, help to God our Lord the is us with but flesh; of arm an is him With 2Chr.32:8
him: with than us with more be there for him: with is that multitude the all for nor Assyria, of king the for dismayed nor afraid not be courageous, and strong Be 2Chr.32:7
saying, them, to comfortably spake and city, the of gate the of street the in him to together them gathered and people, the over war of captains set he And 2Chr.32:6
abundance. in shields and darts made and David, of city the in Millo repaired and without, wall another and towers, the to up it raised and broken, was that wall the all up built and himself, strengthened he Also 2Chr.32:5
water? much find and come, Assyria of kings the should Why saying, land, the of midst the through ran that brook the and fountains, the all stopped who together, people much gathered was there So 2Chr.32:4
him. help did they and city: the without were which fountains the of waters the stop to men mighty his and princes his with counsel took He 2Chr.32:3
Jerusalem, against fight to purposed was he that and come, was Sennacherib that saw Hezekiah when And 2Chr.32:2
himself. for them win to thought and cities, fenced the against encamped and Judah, into entered and came, Assyria of king Sennacherib thereof, establishment the and things, these After 2Chr.32:1
prospered. and heart, his all with it did he God, his seek to commandments, the in and law, the in and God, of house the of service the in began he that work every in And 2Chr.31:21
God. his Lord the before truth and right and good was which that wrought and Judah, all throughout Hezekiah did thus And 2Chr.31:20
Levites. the among genealogies by reckoned were that all to and priests, the among males the all to portions give to name, by expressed were that men the city, several every in cities, their of suburbs the of fields the in were which priests, the Aaron of sons the of Also 2Chr.31:19
holiness: in themselves sanctified they office set their in for congregation: the all through daughters, their and sons, their and wives, their ones, little their all of genealogy the to And 2Chr.31:18
courses; their by charges their in upward, and old years twenty from Levites the and fathers, their of house the by priests the of genealogy the to Both 2Chr.31:17
courses; their to according charges their in service their for portion daily his , Lord the of house the into entereth that one every unto even upward, and old years three from males, of genealogy their Beside 2Chr.31:16
small: the to as great the to well as courses, by brethren their to give to office, set their in priests, the of cities the in Shecaniah, and Amariah, Shemaiah, and Jeshua, and Miniamin, and Eden, were him next And 2Chr.31:15
things. holy most the and , Lord the of oblations the distribute to God, of offerings freewill the over was east, the toward porter the Levite, the Imnah of son the Kore And 2Chr.31:14
God. of house the of ruler the Azariah and king, the Hezekiah of commandment the at brother, his Shimei and Cononiah of hand the under overseers were Benaiah, and Mahath, and Ismachiah, and Eliel, and Jozabad, and Jerimoth, and Asahel, and Nahath, and Azaziah, and Jehiel, And 2Chr.31:13
next. the was brother his Shimei and ruler, was Levite the Cononiah which over faithfully: things dedicated the and tithes the and offerings the in brought And 2Chr.31:12
them, prepared they and ; Lord the of house the in chambers prepare to commanded Hezekiah Then 2Chr.31:11
store. great this is left is which that and people; his blessed hath Lord the for plenty: left have and eat, to enough had have we , Lord the of house the into offerings the bring to began people the Since said, and him, answered Zadok of house the of priest chief the Azariah And 2Chr.31:10
heaps. the concerning Levites the and priests the with questioned Hezekiah Then 2Chr.31:9
Israel. people his and , Lord the blessed they heaps, the saw and came princes the and Hezekiah when And 2Chr.31:8
month. seventh the in them finished and heaps, the of foundation the lay to began they month third the In 2Chr.31:7
heaps. by them laid and God, their Lord the unto consecrated were which things holy of tithe the and sheep, and oxen of tithe the in brought also they Judah, of cities the in dwelt that Judah, and Israel of children the concerning And 2Chr.31:6
abundantly. in they brought things all of tithe the and field; the of increase the all of and honey, and oil, and wine, corn, of firstfruits the abundance in brought Israel of children the abroad, came commandment the as soon as And 2Chr.31:5
. Lord the of law the in encouraged be might they that Levites, the and priests the of portion the give to Jerusalem in dwelt that people the commanded he Moreover 2Chr.31:4
. Lord the of law the in written is it as feasts, set the for and moons, new the for and sabbaths, the for offerings burnt the and offerings, burnt evening and morning the for wit, to offerings, burnt the for substance his of portion king's the also appointed He 2Chr.31:3
. Lord the of tents the of gates the in praise to and thanks, give to and minister, to offerings, peace for and offerings burnt for Levites and priests the service, his to according man every courses, their after Levites the and priests the of courses the appointed Hezekiah And 2Chr.31:2
cities. own their into possession, his to man every returned, Israel of children the all Then all. them destroyed utterly had they until Manasseh, and also Ephraim in Benjamin, and Judah all of out altars the and places high the down threw and groves, the down cut and pieces, in images the brake and Judah, of cities the to out went present were that Israel all finished, was this all when Now 2Chr.31:1
heaven. unto even place, dwelling holy his to up came prayer their and heard, was voice their and people: the blessed and arose Levites the priests the Then 2Chr.30:27
Jerusalem. in like the not was there Israel of king David of son the Solomon of time the since for Jerusalem: in joy great was there So 2Chr.30:26
rejoiced. Judah, in dwelt that and Israel, of land the of out came that strangers the and Israel, of out came that congregation the all and Levites, the and priests the with Judah, of congregation the all And 2Chr.30:25
themselves. sanctified priests of number great a and sheep: thousand ten and bullocks thousand a congregation the to gave princes the and sheep; thousand seven and bullocks thousand a congregation the to give did Judah of king Hezekiah For 2Chr.30:24
gladness. with days seven other kept they and days: seven other keep to counsel took assembly whole the And 2Chr.30:23
fathers. their of God Lord the to confession making and offerings, peace offering days, seven feast the throughout eat did they and : Lord the of knowledge good the taught that Levites the all unto comfortably spake Hezekiah And 2Chr.30:22
. Lord the unto instruments loud with singing day, by day Lord the praised priests the and Levites the and gladness: great with days seven bread unleavened of feast the kept Jerusalem at present were that Israel of children the And 2Chr.30:21
people. the healed and Hezekiah, to hearkened Lord the And 2Chr.30:20
sanctuary. the of purification the to according cleansed not be he though fathers, his of God Lord the God, seek to heart his prepareth That 2Chr.30:19
one every pardon Lord good The saying, them, for prayed Hezekiah But written. was it than otherwise passover the eat they did yet themselves, cleansed not had Zebulun, and Issachar, Manasseh, and Ephraim, of many even people, the of multitude a For 2Chr.30:18
. Lord the unto them sanctify to clean, not was that one every for passovers the of killing the of charge the had Levites the therefore sanctified: not were that congregation the in many were there For 2Chr.30:17
Levites. the of hand the of received they which blood, the sprinkled priests the God: of man the Moses of law the to according manner, their after place their in stood they And 2Chr.30:16
. Lord the of house the into offerings burnt the in brought and themselves, sanctified and ashamed, were Levites the and priests the and month: second the of day fourteenth the on passover the killed they Then 2Chr.30:15
Kidron. brook the into them cast and away, they took incense for altars the all and Jerusalem, in were that altars the away took and arose they And 2Chr.30:14
congregation. great very a month, second the in bread unleavened of feast the keep to people much Jerusalem at assembled there And 2Chr.30:13
. Lord the of word the by princes, the of and king the of commandment the do to heart one them give to was God of hand the Judah in Also 2Chr.30:12
Jerusalem. to came and themselves, humbled Zebulun of and Manasseh and Asher of divers Nevertheless 2Chr.30:11
them. mocked and scorn, to them laughed they but Zebulun: unto even Manasseh and Ephraim of country the through city to city from passed posts the So 2Chr.30:10
him. unto return ye if you, from face his away turn not will and merciful, and gracious is God your Lord the for land: this into again come shall they that so captive, them lead that them before compassion find shall children your and brethren your , Lord the unto again turn ye if For 2Chr.30:9
you. from away turn may wrath his of fierceness the that God, your Lord the serve and ever: for sanctified hath he which sanctuary, his into enter and , Lord the unto yourselves yield but were, fathers your as stiffnecked, not ye be Now 2Chr.30:8
see. ye as desolation, to up them gave therefore who fathers, their of God Lord the against trespassed which brethren, your like and fathers, your like ye not be And 2Chr.30:7
Assyria. of kings the of hand the of out escaped are that you, of remnant the to return will he and Israel, and Isaac, Abraham, of God Lord the unto again turn Israel, of children Ye saying, king, the of commandment the to according and Judah, and Israel all throughout princes his and king the from letters the with went posts the So 2Chr.30:6
written. was it as sort such in time long a of it done not had they for Jerusalem: at Israel of God Lord the unto passover the keep to come should they that Dan, to even Beersheba from Israel, all throughout proclamation make to decree a established they So 2Chr.30:5
congregation. the all and king the pleased thing the And 2Chr.30:4
Jerusalem. to together themselves gathered people the had neither sufficiently, themselves sanctified not had priests the because time, that at it keep not could they For 2Chr.30:3
month. second the in passover the keep to Jerusalem, in congregation the all and princes, his and counsel, taken had king the For 2Chr.30:2
Israel. of God Lord the unto passover the keep to Jerusalem, at Lord the of house the to come should they that Manasseh, and Ephraim to also letters wrote and Judah, and Israel all to sent Hezekiah And 2Chr.30:1
suddenly. done was thing the for people: the prepared had God that people, the all and rejoiced, Hezekiah And 2Chr.29:36
order. in set was Lord the of house the of service the So offering. burnt every for offerings drink the and offerings, peace the of fat the with abundance, in were offerings burnt the also And 2Chr.29:35
priests. the than themselves sanctify to heart in upright more were Levites the for themselves: sanctified had priests other the until and ended, was work the till them, help did Levites the brethren their wherefore offerings: burnt the all flay not could they that so few, too were priests the But 2Chr.29:34
sheep. thousand three and oxen hundred six were things consecrated the And 2Chr.29:33
. Lord the to offering burnt a for were these all lambs: hundred two and rams, hundred an bullocks, ten and threescore was brought, congregation the which offerings, burnt the of number the And 2Chr.29:32
offerings. burnt heart free a of were as many as and offerings; thank and sacrifices in brought congregation the And . Lord the of house the into offerings thank and sacrifices bring and near come , Lord the unto yourselves consecrated have ye Now said, and answered Hezekiah Then 2Chr.29:31
worshipped. and heads their bowed they and gladness, with praises sang they And seer. the Asaph of and David, of words the with Lord the unto praise sing to Levites the commanded princes the and king the Hezekiah Moreover 2Chr.29:30
worshipped. and themselves, bowed him with present were that all and king the offering, of end an made had they when And 2Chr.29:29
finished. was offering burnt the until continued this all and sounded: trumpeters the and sang, singers the and worshipped, congregation the all And 2Chr.29:28
Israel. of king David by ordained instruments the with and trumpets, the with also began Lord the of song the began, offering burnt the when And altar. the upon offering burnt the offer to commanded Hezekiah And 2Chr.29:27
trumpets. the with priests the and David, of instruments the with stood Levites the And 2Chr.29:26
prophets. his by Lord the of commandment the was so for prophet: the Nathan and seer, king's the Gad of and David, of commandment the to according harps, with and psalteries, with cymbals, with Lord the of house the in Levites the set he And 2Chr.29:25
Israel. all for made be should offering sin the and offering burnt the that commanded king the for Israel: all for atonement an make to altar, the upon blood their with reconciliation made they and them, killed priests the And 2Chr.29:24
them: upon hands their laid they and congregation; the and king the before offering sin the for goats he the forth brought they And 2Chr.29:23
altar. the upon blood the sprinkled they and lambs, the also killed they altar: the upon blood the sprinkled they rams, the killed had they when likewise, altar: the on it sprinkled and blood, the received priests the and bullocks, the killed they So 2Chr.29:22
. Lord the of altar the on them offer to Aaron of sons the priests the commanded he And Judah. for and sanctuary, the for and kingdom, the for offering sin a for goats, he seven and lambs, seven and rams, seven and bullocks, seven brought they And 2Chr.29:21
. Lord the of house the to up went and city, the of rulers the gathered and early, rose king the Hezekiah Then 2Chr.29:20
. Lord the of altar the before are they behold, and, sanctified, and prepared we have transgression, his in away cast did reign his in Ahaz king which vessels, the all Moreover 2Chr.29:19
thereof. vessels the all with table, shewbread the and thereof, vessels the all with offering, burnt of altar the and , Lord the of house the all cleansed have We said, and king, the Hezekiah to in went they Then 2Chr.29:18
end. an made they month first the of day sixteenth the in and days; eight in Lord the of house the sanctified they so : Lord the of porch the to they came month the of day eighth the on and sanctify, to month first the of day first the on began they Now 2Chr.29:17
Kidron. brook the into abroad out it carry to it, took Levites the And . Lord the of house the of court the into Lord the of temple the in found they that uncleanness the all out brought and it, cleanse to , Lord the of house the of part inner the into went priests the And 2Chr.29:16
. Lord the of house the cleanse to , Lord the of words the by king, the of commandment the to according came, and themselves, sanctified and brethren, their gathered they And 2Chr.29:15
Uzziel. and Shemaiah, Jeduthun; of sons the of and Shimei: and Jehiel, Heman; of sons the of And 2Chr.29:14
Mattaniah: and Zechariah, Asaph; of sons the of and Jeiel: and Shimri, Elizaphan; of sons the of And 2Chr.29:13
Joah: of son the Eden and Zimmah, of son the Joah Gershonites; the of and Jehalelel: of son the Azariah and Abdi, of son the Kish Merari, of sons the of and Kohathites: the of sons the of Azariah, of son the Joel and Amasai, of son the Mahath arose, Levites the Then 2Chr.29:12
incense. burn and him, unto minister should ye that and him, serve to him, before stand to you chosen hath Lord the for negligent: now not be sons, My 2Chr.29:11
us. from away turn may wrath fierce his that Israel, of God Lord the with covenant a make to heart mine in is it Now 2Chr.29:10
this. for captivity in are wives our and daughters our and sons our and sword, the by fallen have fathers our lo, For, 2Chr.29:9
eyes. your with see ye as hissing, to and astonishment, to trouble, to them delivered hath he and Jerusalem, and Judah upon was Lord the of wrath the Wherefore 2Chr.29:8
Israel. of God the unto place holy the in offerings burnt offered nor incense burned not have and lamps, the out put and porch, the of doors the up shut have they Also 2Chr.29:7
backs. their turned and , Lord the of habitation the from faces their away turned have and him, forsaken have and God, our Lord the of eyes the in evil was which that done and trespassed, have fathers our For 2Chr.29:6
place. holy the of out filthiness the forth carry and fathers, your of God Lord the of house the sanctify and yourselves, now sanctify Levites, ye me, Hear them, unto said And 2Chr.29:5
street, east the into together them gathered and Levites, the and priests the in brought he And 2Chr.29:4
them. repaired and , Lord the of house the of doors the opened month, first the in reign, his of year first the in He 2Chr.29:3
done. had father his David that all to according , Lord the of sight the in right was which that did he And 2Chr.29:2
Zechariah. of daughter the Abijah, was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years twenty and nine reigned he and old, years twenty and five was he when reign to began Hezekiah 2Chr.29:1
stead. his in reigned son his Hezekiah and Israel: of kings the of sepulchres the into not him brought they but Jerusalem: in even city, the in him buried they and fathers, his with slept Ahaz And 2Chr.28:27
Israel. and Judah of kings the of book the in written are they behold, last, and first ways, his all of and acts his of rest the Now 2Chr.28:26
fathers. his of God Lord the anger to provoked and gods, other unto incense burn to places high made he Judah of city several every in And 2Chr.28:25
Jerusalem. of corner every in altars him made he and , Lord the of house the of doors the up shut and God, of house the of vessels the pieces in cut and God, of house the of vessels the together gathered Ahaz And 2Chr.28:24
Israel. all of and him, of ruin the were they But me. help may they that them, to sacrifice I will therefore them, help Syria of kings the of gods the Because said, he and him: smote which Damascus, of gods the unto sacrificed he For 2Chr.28:23
Ahaz. king that is this : Lord the against more yet trespass he did distress his of time the in And 2Chr.28:22
not. him helped he but Assyria: of king the unto it gave and princes, the of and king, the of house the of out and , Lord the of house the of out portion a away took Ahaz For 2Chr.28:21
not. him strengthened but him, distressed and him, unto came Assyria of king Tilgathpilneser And 2Chr.28:20
. Lord the against sore transgressed and naked, Judah made he for Israel; of king Ahaz of because low Judah brought Lord the For 2Chr.28:19
there. dwelt they and thereof: villages the and also Gimzo thereof, villages the with Timnah and thereof, villages the with Shocho and Gederoth, and Ajalon, and Bethshemesh, taken had and Judah, of south the of and country, low the of cities the invaded had also Philistines The 2Chr.28:18
captives. away carried and Judah, smitten and come had Edomites the again For 2Chr.28:17
him. help to Assyria of kings the unto send Ahaz king did time that At 2Chr.28:16
Samaria. to returned they then brethren: their to trees, palm of city the Jericho, to them brought and asses, upon them of feeble the all carried and them, anointed and drink, to and eat to them gave and them, shod and them, arrayed and them, among naked were that all clothed spoil the with and captives, the took and up, rose name by expressed were which men the And 2Chr.28:15
congregation. the all and princes the before spoil the and captives the left men armed the So 2Chr.28:14
Israel. against wrath fierce is there and great, is trespass our for trespass: our to and sins our to more add to intend ye already, Lord the against offended have we whereas for hither: captives the in bring not shall Ye them, unto said And 2Chr.28:13
war, the from came that them against up stood Hadlai, of son the Amasa and Shallum, of son the Jehizkiah and Meshillemoth, of son the Berechiah Johanan, of son the Azariah Ephraim, of children the of heads the of certain Then 2Chr.28:12
you. upon is Lord the of wrath fierce the for brethren: your of captive taken have ye which again, captives the deliver and therefore, me hear Now 2Chr.28:11
God? your Lord the against sins you, with even you, with not there are but you: unto bondwomen and bondmen for Jerusalem and Judah of children the under keep to purpose ye now And 2Chr.28:10
heaven. unto up reacheth that rage a in them slain have ye and hand, your into them delivered hath he Judah, with wroth was fathers your of God Lord the because Behold, them, unto said and Samaria, to came that host the before out went he and Oded: was name whose there, was Lord the of prophet a But 2Chr.28:9
Samaria. to spoil the brought and them, from spoil much away also took and daughters, and sons, women, thousand, hundred two brethren their of captive away carried Israel of children the And 2Chr.28:8
king. the to next was that Elkanah and house, the of governor the Azrikam and son, king's the Maaseiah slew Ephraim, of man mighty a Zichri, And 2Chr.28:7
fathers. their of God Lord the forsaken had they because men; valiant all were which day, one in thousand twenty and hundred an Judah in slew Remaliah of son the Pekah For 2Chr.28:6
slaughter. great a with him smote who Israel, of king the of hand the into delivered also was he And Damascus. to them brought and captives, them of multitude great a away carried and him, smote they and Syria; of king the of hand the into him delivered God his Lord the Wherefore 2Chr.28:5
tree. green every under and hills, the on and places, high the in incense burnt and also sacrificed He 2Chr.28:4
Israel. of children the before out cast had Lord the whom heathen the of abominations the after fire, the in children his burnt and Hinnom, of son the of valley the in incense burnt he Moreover 2Chr.28:3
Baalim. for images molten also made and Israel, of kings the of ways the in walked he For 2Chr.28:2
father: his David like , Lord the of sight the in right was which that not did he but Jerusalem: in years sixteen reigned he and reign, to began he when old years twenty was Ahaz 2Chr.28:1
stead. his in reigned son his Ahaz and David: of city the in him buried they and fathers, his with slept Jotham And 2Chr.27:9
Jerusalem. in years sixteen reigned and reign, to began he when old years twenty and five was He 2Chr.27:8
Judah. and Israel of kings the of book the in written are they lo, ways, his and wars, his all and Jotham, of acts the of rest the Now 2Chr.27:7
God. his Lord the before ways his prepared he because mighty, became Jotham So 2Chr.27:6
third. the and year, second the both him, unto pay Ammon of children the did much So barley. of thousand ten and wheat, of measures thousand ten and silver, of talents hundred an year same the him gave Ammon of children the And them. against prevailed and Ammonites, the of king the with also fought He 2Chr.27:5
towers. and castles built he forests the in and Judah, of mountains the in cities built he Moreover 2Chr.27:4
much. built he Ophel of wall the on and , Lord the of house the of gate high the built He 2Chr.27:3
corruptly. yet did people the And . Lord the of temple the into not entered he howbeit did: Uzziah father his that all to according , Lord the of sight the in right was which that did he And 2Chr.27:2
Zadok. of daughter the Jerushah, was also name mother's His Jerusalem. in years sixteen reigned he and reign, to began he when old years five and twenty was Jotham 2Chr.27:1
stead. his in reigned son his Jotham and leper: a is He said, they for kings; the to belonged which burial the of field the in fathers his with him buried they and fathers, his with slept Uzziah So 2Chr.26:23
write. Amoz, of son the prophet, the Isaiah did last, and first Uzziah, of acts the of rest the Now 2Chr.26:22
land. the of people the judging house, king's the over was son his Jotham and : Lord the of house the from off cut was he for leper; a being house, several a in dwelt and death, his of day the unto leper a was king the Uzziah And 2Chr.26:21
him. smitten had Lord the because out, go to also hasted himself yea, thence; from out him thrust they and forehead, his in leprous was he behold, and, him, upon looked priests, the all and priest, chief the Azariah And 2Chr.26:20
altar. incense the beside from , Lord the of house the in priests the before forehead his in up rose even leprosy the priests, the with wroth was he while and incense: burn to hand his in censer a had and wroth, was Uzziah Then 2Chr.26:19
God. Lord the from honour thine for be it shall neither trespassed; hast thou for sanctuary; the of out go incense: burn to consecrated are that Aaron, of sons the priests the to but , Lord the unto incense burn to Uzziah, thee, unto not appertaineth It him, unto said and king, the Uzziah withstood they And 2Chr.26:18
men: valiant were that , Lord the of priests fourscore him with and him, after in went priest the Azariah And 2Chr.26:17
incense. of altar the upon incense burn to Lord the of temple the into went and God, his Lord the against transgressed he for destruction: his to up lifted was heart his strong, was he when But 2Chr.26:16
strong. was he till helped, marvellously was he for abroad; far spread name his And withal. stones great and arrows shoot to bulwarks, the upon and towers the on be to men, cunning by invented engines, Jerusalem in made he And 2Chr.26:15
stones. cast to slings and bows, and habergeons, and helmets, and spears, and shields, host the all throughout them for prepared Uzziah And 2Chr.26:14
enemy. the against king the help to power, mighty with war made that hundred, five and thousand seven and thousand hundred three army, an was hand their under And 2Chr.26:13
hundred. six and thousand two were valour of men mighty the of fathers the of chief the of number whole The 2Chr.26:12
captains. king's the of one Hananiah, of hand the under ruler, the Maaseiah and scribe the Jeiel of hand the by account their of number the to according bands, by war to out went that men, fighting of host an had Uzziah Moreover 2Chr.26:11
husbandry. loved he for Carmel: in and mountains, the in dressers vine and also, husbandmen plains: the in and country, low the in both cattle, much had he for wells: many digged and desert, the in towers built he Also 2Chr.26:10
them. fortified and wall, the of turning the at and gate, valley the at and gate, corner the at Jerusalem in towers built Uzziah Moreover 2Chr.26:9
exceedingly. himself strengthened he for Egypt; of in entering the to even abroad spread name his and Uzziah: to gifts gave Ammonites the And 2Chr.26:8
Mehunims. the and Gurbaal, in dwelt that Arabians the against and Philistines, the against him helped God And 2Chr.26:7
Philistines. the among and Ashdod, about cities built and Ashdod, of wall the and Jabneh, of wall the and Gath, of wall the down brake and Philistines, the against warred and forth went he And 2Chr.26:6
prosper. to him made God , Lord the sought he as long as and God: of visions the in understanding had who Zechariah, of days the in God sought he And 2Chr.26:5
did. Amaziah father his that all to according , Lord the of sight the in right was which that did he And 2Chr.26:4
Jerusalem. of Jecoliah was also name mother's His Jerusalem. in years two and fifty reigned he and reign, to began he when Uzziah was old years Sixteen 2Chr.26:3
fathers. his with slept king the that after Judah, to it restored and Eloth, built He 2Chr.26:2
Amaziah. father his of room the in king him made and old, years sixteen was who Uzziah, took Judah of people the all Then 2Chr.26:1
Judah. of city the in fathers his with him buried and horses, upon him brought they And 2Chr.25:28
there. him slew and him, after Lachish to sent they but Lachish: to fled he and Jerusalem; in him against conspiracy a made they Lord the following from away turn did Amaziah that time the after Now 2Chr.25:27
Israel? and Judah of kings the of book the in written not they are behold, last, and first Amaziah, of acts the of rest the Now 2Chr.25:26
years. fifteen Israel of king Jehoahaz of son Joash of death the after lived Judah of king Joash of son the Amaziah And 2Chr.25:25
Samaria. to returned and also, hostages the house, king's the of treasures the and Obededom, with God of house the in found were that vessels the all and silver, the and gold the all took he And 2Chr.25:24
cubits. hundred four gate, corner the to Ephraim of gate the from Jerusalem of wall the down brake and Jerusalem, to him brought and Bethshemesh, at Jehoahaz, of son the Joash, of son the Judah, of king Amaziah took Israel of king the Joash And 2Chr.25:23
tent. his to man every fled they and Israel, before worse the to put was Judah And 2Chr.25:22
Judah. to belongeth which Bethshemesh, at Judah, of king Amaziah and he both face, the in another one saw they and up; went Israel of king the Joash So 2Chr.25:21
Edom. of gods the after sought they because enemies, their of hand the into them deliver might he that God, of came it for hear; not would Amaziah But 2Chr.25:20
thee? with Judah and thou, even fall, shouldest thou that hurt, thine to meddle thou shouldest why home; at now abide boast: to up thee lifteth heart thine and Edomites; the smitten hast thou Lo, sayest, Thou 2Chr.25:19
thistle. the down trode and Lebanon, in was that beast wild a by passed there and wife: to son my to daughter thy Give saying, Lebanon, in was that cedar the to sent Lebanon in was that thistle The saying, Judah, of king Amaziah to sent Israel of king Joash And 2Chr.25:18
face. the in another one see us let Come, saying, Israel, of king Jehu, of son the Jehoahaz, of son the Joash, to sent and advice, took Judah of king Amaziah Then 2Chr.25:17
counsel. my unto hearkened not hast and this, done hast thou because thee, destroy to determined hath God that know I said, and forbare, prophet the Then smitten? be thou shouldest why forbear; counsel? king's the of made thou Art him, unto said king the that him, with talked he as pass, to came it And 2Chr.25:16
hand? thine of out people own their deliver not could which people, the of gods the after sought thou hast Why him, unto said which prophet, a him unto sent he and Amaziah, against kindled was Lord the of anger the Wherefore 2Chr.25:15
them. unto incense burned and them, before himself down bowed and gods, his be to up them set and Seir, of children the of gods the brought he that Edomites, the of slaughter the from come was Amaziah that after pass, to came it Now 2Chr.25:14
spoil. much took and them, of thousand three smote and Bethhoron, unto even Samaria from Judah, of cities the upon fell battle, to him with go not should they that back, sent Amaziah which army the of soldiers the But 2Chr.25:13
pieces. in broken were all they that rock, the of top the from down them cast and rock, the of top the unto them brought and captive, away carry Judah of children the did alive left thousand ten other And 2Chr.25:12
thousand. ten Seir of children the of smote and salt, of valley the to went and people, his forth led and himself, strengthened Amaziah And 2Chr.25:11
anger. great in home returned they and Judah, against kindled greatly was anger their wherefore again: home go to Ephraim, of out him to come was that army the wit, to them, separated Amaziah Then 2Chr.25:10
this. than more much thee give to able is Lord The answered, God of man the And Israel? of army the to given have I which talents hundred the for do we shall what But God, of man the to said Amaziah And 2Chr.25:9
down. cast to and help, to power hath God for enemy: the before fall thee make shall God battle: the for strong be it; do go, wilt thou if But 2Chr.25:8
Ephraim. of children the all with wit, to Israel, with not is Lord the for thee; with go Israel of army the not let king, O saying, him, to God of man a came there But 2Chr.25:7
silver. of talents hundred an for Israel of out valour of men mighty thousand hundred an also hired He 2Chr.25:6
shield. and spear handle could that war, to forth go to able men, choice thousand hundred three them found and above, and old years twenty from them numbered he and Benjamin: and Judah all throughout fathers, their of houses the to according hundreds, over captains and thousands, over captains them made and together, Judah gathered Amaziah Moreover 2Chr.25:5
sin. own his for die shall man every but fathers, the for die children the shall neither children, the for die not shall fathers The saying, commanded, Lord the where Moses, of book the in law the in written is it as did but children, their not slew he But 2Chr.25:4
father. his king the killed had that servants his slew he that him, to established was kingdom the when pass, to came it Now 2Chr.25:3
heart. perfect a with not but , Lord the of sight the in right was which that did he And 2Chr.25:2
Jerusalem. of Jehoaddan was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years nine and twenty reigned he and reign, to began he when old years five and twenty was Amaziah 2Chr.25:1
stead. his in reigned son his Amaziah And kings. the of book the of story the in written are they behold, God, of house the of repairing the and him, upon laid burdens the of greatness the and sons, his concerning Now 2Chr.24:27
Moabitess. a Shimrith of son the Jehozabad and Ammonitess, an Shimeath of son the Zabad him; against conspired that they are these And 2Chr.24:26
kings. the of sepulchres the in not him buried they but David, of city the in him buried they and died: he and bed, his on him slew and priest, the Jehoiada of sons the of blood the for him against conspired servants own his diseases,) great in him left they (for him, from departed were they when And 2Chr.24:25
Joash. against judgment executed they So fathers. their of God Lord the forsaken had they because hand, their into host great very a delivered Lord the and men, of company small a with came Syrians the of army the For 2Chr.24:24
Damascus. of king the unto them of spoil the all sent and people, the among from people the of princes the all destroyed and Jerusalem, and Judah to came they and him: against up came Syria of host the that year, the of end the at pass to came it And 2Chr.24:23
it. require and it, upon look Lord The said, he died, he when And son. his slew but him, to done had father his Jehoiada which kindness the not remembered king the Joash Thus 2Chr.24:22
. Lord the of house the of court the in king the of commandment the at stones with him stoned and him, against conspired they And 2Chr.24:21
you. forsaken also hath he , Lord the forsaken have ye because prosper? cannot ye that , Lord the of commandments the ye transgress Why God, saith Thus them, unto said and people, the above stood which priest, the Jehoiada of son the Zechariah upon came God of Spirit the And 2Chr.24:20
ear. give not would they but them: against testified they and ; Lord the unto again them bring to them, to prophets sent he Yet 2Chr.24:19
trespass. their this for Jerusalem and Judah upon came wrath and idols: and groves served and fathers, their of God Lord the of house the left they And 2Chr.24:18
them. unto hearkened king the Then king. the to obeisance made and Judah, of princes the came Jehoiada of death the after Now 2Chr.24:17
house. his toward and God, toward both Israel, in good done had he because kings, the among David of city the in him buried they And 2Chr.24:16
died. he when he was old years thirty and hundred an died; he when days of full was and old, waxed Jehoiada But 2Chr.24:15
Jehoiada. of days the all continually Lord the of house the in offerings burnt offered they And silver. and gold of vessels and spoons, and withal, offer to and minister, to vessels even , Lord the of house the for vessels made were whereof Jehoiada, and king the before money the of rest the brought they it, finished had they when And 2Chr.24:14
it. strengthened and state, his in God of house the set they and them, by perfected was work the and wrought, workmen the So 2Chr.24:13
. Lord the of house the mend to brass and iron wrought as such also and , Lord the of house the repair to carpenters and masons hired and , Lord the of house the of service the of work the did as such to it gave Jehoiada and king the And 2Chr.24:12
abundance. in money gathered and day, by day did they Thus again. place his to it carried and it, took and chest, the emptied and came officer priest's high the and scribe king's the money, much was there that saw they when and Levites, the of hand the by office king's the unto brought was chest the time what at that pass, to came it Now 2Chr.24:11
end. an made had they until chest, the into cast and in, brought and rejoiced, people the all and princes the all And 2Chr.24:10
wilderness. the in Israel upon laid God of servant the Moses that collection the Lord the to in bring to Jerusalem, and Judah through proclamation a made they And 2Chr.24:9
. Lord the of house the of gate the at without it set and chest, a made they commandment king's the at And 2Chr.24:8
Baalim. upon bestow they did Lord the of house the of things dedicated the all also and God; of house the up broken had woman, wicked that Athaliah, of sons the For 2Chr.24:7
witness? of tabernacle the for Israel, of congregation the of and , Lord the of servant the Moses of commandment the to according collection, the Jerusalem of out and Judah of out in bring to Levites the of required not thou hast Why him, unto said and chief, the Jehoiada for called king the And 2Chr.24:6
not. it hastened Levites the Howbeit matter. the hasten ye that see and year, to year from God your of house the repair to money Israel all of gather and Judah, of cities the unto out Go them, to said and Levites, the and priests the together gathered he And 2Chr.24:5
. Lord the of house the repair to minded was Joash that this, after pass to came it And 2Chr.24:4
daughters. and sons begat he and wives; two him for took Jehoiada And 2Chr.24:3
priest. the Jehoiada of days the all Lord the of sight the in right was which that did Joash And 2Chr.24:2
Beersheba. of Zibiah was also name mother's His Jerusalem. in years forty reigned he and reign, to began he when old years seven was Joash 2Chr.24:1
sword. the with Athaliah slain had they that after quiet, was city the and rejoiced: land the of people the all And 2Chr.23:21
kingdom. the of throne the upon king the set and house, king's the into gate high the through came they and : Lord the of house the from king the down brought and land, the of people the all and people, the of governors the and nobles, the and hundreds, of captains the took he And 2Chr.23:20
in. enter should thing any in unclean was which none that , Lord the of house the of gates the at porters the set he And 2Chr.23:19
David. by ordained was it as singing, with and rejoicing with Moses, of law the in written is it as , Lord the of offerings burnt the offer to , Lord the of house the in distributed had David whom Levites, the priests the of hand the by Lord the of house the of offices the appointed Jehoiada Also 2Chr.23:18
altars. the before Baal of priest the Mattan slew and pieces, in images his and altars his brake and down, it brake and Baal, of house the to went people the all Then 2Chr.23:17
people. 's Lord the be should they that king, the between and people, the all between and him, between covenant a made Jehoiada And 2Chr.23:16
there. her slew they house, king's the by gate horse the of entering the to come was she when and her; on hands laid they So 2Chr.23:15
. Lord the of house the in not her Slay said, priest the For sword. the with slain be him let her, followeth whoso and ranges: the of forth her Have them, unto said and host, the over set were that hundreds of captains the out brought priest the Jehoiada Then 2Chr.23:14
Treason. Treason, said, and clothes, her rent Athaliah Then praise. sing to taught as such and musick, of instruments with singers the also trumpets, with sounded and rejoiced, land the of people the all and king: the by trumpets the and princes the and in, entering the at pillar his at stood king the behold, and, looked, she And 2Chr.23:13
: Lord the of house the into people the to came she king, the praising and running people the of noise the heard Athaliah when Now 2Chr.23:12
king. the save God said, and him, anointed sons his and Jehoiada And king. him made and testimony, the him gave and crown, the him upon put and son, king's the out brought they Then 2Chr.23:11
about. round king the by temple, the and altar the by along temple, the of side left the to temple the of side right the from hand, his in weapon his having man every people, the all set he And 2Chr.23:10
God. of house the in were which David's, king been had that shields, and bucklers, and spears, hundreds of captains the to delivered priest the Jehoiada Moreover 2Chr.23:9
courses. the not dismissed priest the Jehoiada for sabbath: the on out go to were that them with sabbath, the on in come to were that men his man every took and commanded, had priest the Jehoiada that things all to according did Judah all and Levites the So 2Chr.23:8
out. goeth he when and in, cometh he when king the with ye be but death: to put be shall he house, the into cometh else whosoever and hand; his in weapons his with man every about, round king the compass shall Levites the And 2Chr.23:7
. Lord the of watch the keep shall people the all but holy: are they for in, go shall they Levites; the of minister that they and priests, the save , Lord the of house the into come none let But 2Chr.23:6
. Lord the of house the of courts the in be shall people the all and foundation: the of gate the at part third a and house; king's the at be shall part third a And 2Chr.23:5
doors; the of porters be shall Levites, the of and priests the of sabbath, the on entering you of part third A do; shall ye that thing the is This 2Chr.23:4
David. of sons the of said hath Lord the as reign, shall son king's the Behold, them, unto said he And God. of house the in king the with covenant a made congregation the all And 2Chr.23:3
Jerusalem. to came they and Israel, of fathers the of chief the and Judah, of cities the all of out Levites the gathered and Judah, in about went they And 2Chr.23:2
him. with covenant into Zichri, of son the Elishaphat and Adaiah, of son the Maaseiah and Obed, of son the Azariah and Jehohanan, of son the Ishmael and Jeroham, of son the Azariah hundreds, of captains the took and himself, strengthened Jehoiada year seventh the in And 2Chr.23:1
land. the over reigned Athaliah and years: six God of house the in hid them with was he And 2Chr.22:12
not. him slew she that so Athaliah, from him hid Ahaziah,) of sister the was she (for priest, the Jehoiada of wife the Jehoram, king of daughter the Jehoshabeath, So bedchamber. a in nurse his and him put and slain, were that sons king's the among from him stole and Ahaziah, of son the Joash took king, the of daughter the Jehoshabeath, But 2Chr.22:11
Judah. of house the of royal seed the all destroyed and arose she dead, was son her that saw Ahaziah of mother the Athaliah when But 2Chr.22:10
kingdom. the still keep to power no had Ahaziah of house the So heart. his all with Lord the sought who Jehoshaphat, of son the is he they, said Because, him: buried they him, slain had they when and Jehu: to him brought and Samaria,) in hid was he (for him, caught they and Ahaziah: sought he And 2Chr.22:9
them. slew he Ahaziah, to ministered that Ahaziah, of brethren the of sons the and Judah, of princes the found and Ahab, of house the upon judgment executing was Jehu when that, pass, to came it And 2Chr.22:8
Ahab. of house the off cut to anointed had Lord the whom Nimshi, of son the Jehu against Jehoram with out went he come, was he when for Joram: to coming by God of was Ahaziah of destruction the And 2Chr.22:7
sick. was he because Jezreel, at Ahab of son the Jehoram see to down went Judah of king Jehoram of son the Azariah And Syria. of king Hazael with fought he when Ramah, at him given were which wounds the of because Jezreel in healed be to returned he And 2Chr.22:6
Joram. smote Syrians the and Ramothgilead: at Syria of king Hazael against war to Israel of king Ahab of son the Jehoram with went and counsel, their after also walked He 2Chr.22:5
destruction. his to father his of death the after counsellors his were they for Ahab: of house the like Lord the of sight the in evil did he Wherefore 2Chr.22:4
wickedly. do to counsellor his was mother his for Ahab: of house the of ways the in walked also He 2Chr.22:3
Omri. of daughter the Athaliah was also name mother's His Jerusalem. in year one reigned he and reign, to began he when Ahaziah was old years two and Forty 2Chr.22:2
reigned. Judah of king Jehoram of son the Ahaziah So eldest. the all slain had camp the to Arabians the with came that men of band the for stead: his in king son youngest his Ahaziah made Jerusalem of inhabitants the And 2Chr.22:1
kings. the of sepulchres the in not but David, of city the in him buried they Howbeit desired. being without departed and years, eight Jerusalem in reigned he and reign, to began he when he was old years two and Thirty 2Chr.21:20
fathers. his of burning the like him, for burning no made people his And diseases. sore of died he so sickness: his of reason by out fell bowels his years, two of end the after time, of process in that pass, to came it And 2Chr.21:19
disease. incurable an with bowels his in him smote Lord the this all after And 2Chr.21:18
sons. his of youngest the Jehoahaz, save him, left son a never was there that so wives; his and also, sons his and house, king's the in found was that substance the all away carried and it, into brake and Judah, into up came they And 2Chr.21:17
Ethiopians: the near were that Arabians, the of and Philistines, the of spirit the Jehoram against up stirred Lord the Moreover 2Chr.21:16
day. by day sickness the of reason by out fall bowels thy until bowels, thy of disease by sickness great have shalt thou And 2Chr.21:15
goods: thy all and wives, thy and children, thy and people, thy smite Lord the will plague great a with Behold, 2Chr.21:14
thyself: than better were which house, father's thy of brethren thy slain hast also and Ahab, of house the of whoredoms the to like whoring, a go to Jerusalem of inhabitants the and Judah made hast and Israel, of kings the of way the in walked hast But 2Chr.21:13
Judah, of king Asa of ways the in nor father, thy Jehoshaphat of ways the in walked not hast thou Because father, thy David of God Lord the saith Thus saying, prophet, the Elijah from him to writing a came there And 2Chr.21:12
thereto. Judah compelled and fornication, commit to Jerusalem of inhabitants the caused and Judah of mountains the in places high made he Moreover 2Chr.21:11
fathers. his of God Lord the forsaken had he because hand; his under from revolt Libnah did also time same The day. this unto Judah of hand the under from revolted Edomites the So 2Chr.21:10
chariots. the of captains the and in, him compassed which Edomites the smote and night, by up rose he and him: with chariots his all and princes, his with forth went Jehoram Then 2Chr.21:9
king. a themselves made and Judah, of dominion the under from revolted Edomites the days his In 2Chr.21:8
ever. for sons his to and him to light a give to promised he as and David, with made had he that covenant the of because David, of house the destroy not would Lord the Howbeit 2Chr.21:7
. Lord the of eyes the in evil was which that wrought he and wife: to Ahab of daughter the had he for Ahab: of house the did as like Israel, of kings the of way the in walked he And 2Chr.21:6
Jerusalem. in years eight reigned he and reign, to began he when old years two and thirty was Jehoram 2Chr.21:5
Israel. of princes the of also divers and sword, the with brethren his all slew and himself, strengthened he father, his of kingdom the to up risen was Jehoram when Now 2Chr.21:4
firstborn. the was he because Jehoram; to he gave kingdom the but Judah: in cities fenced with things, precious of and gold, of and silver, of gifts great them gave father their And 2Chr.21:3
Israel. of king Jehoshaphat of sons the were these all Shephatiah: and Michael, and Azariah, and Zechariah, and Jehiel, and Azariah, Jehoshaphat, of sons the brethren had he And 2Chr.21:2
stead. his in reigned son his Jehoram And David. of city the in fathers his with buried was and fathers, his with slept Jehoshaphat Now 2Chr.21:1
Tarshish. to go to able not were they that broken, were ships the And works. thy broken hath Lord the Ahaziah, with thyself joined hast thou Because saying, Jehoshaphat, against prophesied Mareshah of Dodavah of son the Eliezer Then 2Chr.20:37
Eziongaber. in ships the made they and Tarshish: to go to ships make to him with himself joined he And 2Chr.20:36
wickedly: very did who Israel, of king Ahaziah with himself join Judah of king Jehoshaphat did this after And 2Chr.20:35
Israel. of kings the of book the in mentioned is who Hanani, of son the Jehu of book the in written are they behold, last, and first Jehoshaphat, of acts the of rest the Now 2Chr.20:34
fathers. their of God the unto hearts their prepared not had people the yet as for away: taken not were places high the Howbeit 2Chr.20:33
. Lord the of sight the in right was which that doing it, from not departed and father, his Asa of way the in walked he And 2Chr.20:32
Shilhi. of daughter the Azubah was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years five and twenty reigned he and reign, to began he when old years five and thirty was he Judah: over reigned Jehoshaphat And 2Chr.20:31
about. round rest him gave God his for quiet: was Jehoshaphat of realm the So 2Chr.20:30
Israel. of enemies the against fought Lord the that heard had they when countries, those of kingdoms the all on was God of fear the And 2Chr.20:29
. Lord the of house the unto trumpets and harps and psalteries with Jerusalem to came they And 2Chr.20:28
enemies. their over rejoice to them made had Lord the for joy; with Jerusalem to again go to them, of forefront the in Jehoshaphat and Jerusalem, and Judah of man every returned, they Then 2Chr.20:27
day. this unto Berachah, of valley The called, was place same the of name the therefore : Lord the blessed they there for Berachah; of valley the in themselves assembled they day fourth the on And 2Chr.20:26
much. so was it spoil, the of gathering in days three were they and away: carry could they than more themselves, for off stripped they which jewels, precious and bodies, dead the with riches both abundance in them among found they them, of spoil the away take to came people his and Jehoshaphat when And 2Chr.20:25
escaped. none and earth, the to fallen bodies dead were they behold, and, multitude, the unto looked they wilderness, the in tower watch the toward came Judah when And 2Chr.20:24
another. destroy to helped one every Seir, of inhabitants the of end an made had they when and them: destroy and slay to utterly Seir, mount of inhabitants the against up stood Moab and Ammon of children the For 2Chr.20:23
smitten. were they and Judah; against come were which Seir, mount and Moab, Ammon, of children the against ambushments set Lord the praise, to and sing to began they when And 2Chr.20:22
ever. for endureth mercy his for ; Lord the Praise say, to and army, the before out went they as holiness, of beauty the praise should that and , Lord the unto singers appointed he people, the with consulted had he when And 2Chr.20:21
prosper. ye shall so prophets, his believe established; be ye shall so God, your Lord the in Believe Jerusalem; of inhabitants ye and Judah, O me, Hear said, and stood Jehoshaphat forth, went they as and Tekoa: of wilderness the into forth went and morning, the in early rose they And 2Chr.20:20
high. on voice loud a with Israel of God Lord the praise to up stood Korhites, the of children the of and Kohathites, the of children the of Levites, the And 2Chr.20:19
. Lord the worshipping , Lord the before fell Jerusalem of inhabitants the and Judah all and ground: the to face his with head his bowed Jehoshaphat And 2Chr.20:18
you. with be will Lord the for them: against out go morrow to dismayed; be nor not, fear Jerusalem: and Judah O you, with Lord the of salvation the see and still, ye stand yourselves, set battle: this in fight to need not shall Ye 2Chr.20:17
Jeruel. of wilderness the before brook, the of end the at them find shall ye and Ziz; of cliff the by up come they behold, them: against down ye go morrow To 2Chr.20:16
God's. but yours, not is battle the for multitude; great this of reason by dismayed nor afraid not Be you, unto Lord the saith Thus Jehoshaphat, king thou and Jerusalem, of inhabitants ye and Judah, all ye, Hearken said, he And 2Chr.20:15
congregation; the of midst the in Lord the of Spirit the came Asaph, of sons the of Levite a Mattaniah, of son the Jeiel, of son the Benaiah, of son the Zechariah, of son the Jahaziel upon Then 2Chr.20:14
children. their and wives, their ones, little their with , Lord the before stood Judah all And 2Chr.20:13
thee. upon are eyes our but do: to what we know neither us; against cometh that company great this against might no have we for them? judge not thou wilt God, our O 2Chr.20:12
inherit. to us given hast thou which possession, thy of out us cast to come to us, reward they how say, I Behold, 2Chr.20:11
not; them destroyed and them, from turned they but Egypt, of land the of out came they when invade, Israel let not wouldest thou whom Seir, mount and Moab and Ammon of children the behold, now, And 2Chr.20:10
help. and hear wilt thou then affliction, our in thee unto cry and house,) this in is name thy (for presence, thy in and house, this before stand we famine, or pestilence, or judgment, sword, the as us, upon cometh evil when If, 2Chr.20:9
saying, name, thy for therein sanctuary a thee built have and therein, dwelt they And 2Chr.20:8
ever? for friend thy Abraham of seed the to it gavest and Israel, people thy before land this of inhabitants the out drive didst who God, our thou not Art 2Chr.20:7
thee? withstand to able is none that so might, and power not there is hand thine in and heathen? the of kingdoms the all over thou not rulest and heaven? in God thou not art fathers, our of God Lord O said, And 2Chr.20:6
court, new the before , Lord the of house the in Jerusalem, and Judah of congregation the in stood Jehoshaphat And 2Chr.20:5
. Lord the seek to came they Judah of cities the all of out even : Lord the of help ask to together, themselves gathered Judah And 2Chr.20:4
Judah. all throughout fast a proclaimed and , Lord the seek to himself set and feared, Jehoshaphat And 2Chr.20:3
Engedi. is which Hazazontamar, in be they behold, and, Syria; side this on sea the beyond from thee against multitude great a cometh There saying, Jehoshaphat, told that some came there Then 2Chr.20:2
battle. to Jehoshaphat against came Ammonites, the beside other them with and Ammon, of children the and Moab, of children the that also, this after pass to came It 2Chr.20:1
good. the with be shall Lord the and courageously, Deal you. before officers be shall Levites the also matters: king's the all for Judah, of house the of ruler the Ishmael, of son the Zebadiah and ; Lord the of matters all in you over is priest chief the Amariah behold, And, 2Chr.19:11
trespass. not shall ye and do, this brethren: your upon and you, upon come wrath so and , Lord the against not trespass they that them warn even shall ye judgments, and statutes commandment, and law between blood, and blood between cities, your in dwell that brethren your of you to come shall soever cause what And 2Chr.19:10
heart. perfect a with and faithfully, , Lord the of fear the in do ye shall Thus saying, them, charged he And 2Chr.19:9
Jerusalem. to returned they when controversies, for and , Lord the of judgment the for Israel, of fathers the of chief the of and priests, the of and Levites, the of set Jehoshaphat did Jerusalem in Moreover 2Chr.19:8
gifts. of taking nor persons, of respect nor God, our Lord the with iniquity no is there for it: do and heed take you; upon be Lord the of fear the let now Wherefore 2Chr.19:7
judgment. the in you with is who , Lord the for but man, for not judge ye for do: ye what heed Take judges, the to said And 2Chr.19:6
city, by city Judah, of cities fenced the all throughout land the in judges set he And 2Chr.19:5
fathers. their of God Lord the unto back them brought and Ephraim, mount to Beersheba from people the through again out went he and Jerusalem: at dwelt Jehoshaphat And 2Chr.19:4
God. seek to heart thine prepared hast and land, the of out groves the away taken hast thou that in thee, in found things good are there Nevertheless 2Chr.19:3
. Lord the before from thee upon wrath is therefore ? Lord the hate that them love and ungodly, the help thou Shouldest Jehoshaphat, king to said and him, meet to out went seer the Hanani of son the Jehu And 2Chr.19:2
Jerusalem. to peace in house his to returned Judah of king the Jehoshaphat And 2Chr.19:1
died. he down going sun the of time the about and even: the until Syrians the against chariot his in up himself stayed Israel of king the howbeit day: that increased battle the And 2Chr.18:34
wounded. am I for host; the of out me carry mayest thou that hand, thine Turn man, chariot his to said he therefore harness: the of joints the between Israel of king the smote and venture, a at bow a drew man certain a And 2Chr.18:33
him. pursuing from again back turned they Israel, of king the not was it that perceived chariots the of captains the when that, pass, to came it For 2Chr.18:32
him. from depart to them moved God and him; helped Lord the and out, cried Jehoshaphat but fight: to him about compassed they Therefore Israel. of king the is It said, they that Jehoshaphat, saw chariots the of captains the when pass, to came it And 2Chr.18:31
Israel. of king the with only save great, or small with not ye Fight saying, him, with were that chariots the of captains the commanded had Syria of king the Now 2Chr.18:30
battle. the to went they and himself; disguised Israel of king the So robes. thy on thou put but battle; the to go will I and myself, disguise will I Jehoshaphat, unto said Israel of king the And 2Chr.18:29
Ramothgilead. to up went Judah of king the Jehoshaphat and Israel of king the So 2Chr.18:28
people. ye all Hearken, said, he And me. by spoken Lord the not hath then peace, in return certainly thou If said, Micaiah And 2Chr.18:27
peace. in return I until affliction, of water with and affliction of bread with him feed and prison, the in fellow this Put king, the saith Thus say, And 2Chr.18:26
son; king's the Joash to and city, the of governor the Amon to back him carry and Micaiah, ye Take said, Israel of king the Then 2Chr.18:25
thyself. hide to chamber inner an into go shalt thou when day that on see shalt thou Behold, said, Micaiah And 2Chr.18:24
thee? unto speak to me from Lord the of Spirit the went way Which said, and cheek, the upon Micaiah smote and near, came Chenaanah of son the Zedekiah Then 2Chr.18:23
thee. against evil spoken hath Lord the and prophets, thy these of mouth the in spirit lying a put hath Lord the behold, therefore, Now 2Chr.18:22
so. even do and out, go prevail: also shalt thou and him, entice shalt Thou said, Lord the And prophets. his all of mouth the in spirit lying a be and out, go will I said, he And 2Chr.18:21
Wherewith? him, unto said Lord the And him. entice will I said, and , Lord the before stood and spirit, a out came there Then 2Chr.18:20
manner. that after saying another and manner, this after saying spake one And Ramothgilead? at fall and up go may he that Israel, of king Ahab entice shall Who said, Lord the And 2Chr.18:19
left. his on and hand right his on standing heaven of host the all and throne, his upon sitting Lord the saw I ; Lord the of word the hear Therefore said, he Again 2Chr.18:18
evil? but me, unto good prophesy not would he that thee tell not I Did Jehoshaphat, to said Israel of king the And 2Chr.18:17
peace. in house his to man every therefore return them let master; no have These said, Lord the and shepherd: no have that sheep as mountains, the upon scattered Israel all see did I said, he Then 2Chr.18:16
? Lord the of name the in me to truth the but nothing say thou that thee adjure I shall times many How him, to said king the And 2Chr.18:15
hand. your into delivered be shall they and prosper, and up, ye Go said, he And forbear? I shall or battle, to Ramothgilead to go we shall Micaiah, him, unto said king the king, the to come was he when And 2Chr.18:14
speak. I will that saith, God my what even liveth, Lord the As said, Micaiah And 2Chr.18:13
good. thou speak and their's, of one like be thee, pray I therefore, word thy let assent; one with king the to good declare prophets the of words the Behold, saying, him, to spake Micaiah call to went that messenger the And 2Chr.18:12
king. the of hand the into it deliver shall Lord the for prosper: and Ramothgilead, to up Go saying, so, prophesied prophets the all And 2Chr.18:11
consumed. be they until Syria push shalt thou these With , Lord the saith Thus said, and iron, of horns him made had Chenaanah of son the Zedekiah And 2Chr.18:10
them. before prophesied prophets the all and Samaria; of gate the of in entering the at place void a in sat they and robes, their in clothed throne, his on them of either sat Judah of king Jehoshaphat and Israel of king the And 2Chr.18:9
Imla. of son the Micaiah quickly Fetch said, and officers, his of one for called Israel of king the And 2Chr.18:8
so. say king the not Let said, Jehoshaphat And Imla. of son the Micaiah is same the evil: always but me, unto good prophesied never he for him; hate I but : Lord the of enquire may we whom by man, one yet is There Jehoshaphat, unto said Israel of king the And 2Chr.18:7
him? of enquire might we that besides, Lord the of prophet a here not there Is said, Jehoshaphat But 2Chr.18:6
hand. king's the into it deliver will God for up; Go said, they And forbear? I shall or battle, to Ramothgilead to go we Shall them, unto said and men, hundred four prophets of together gathered Israel of king the Therefore 2Chr.18:5
day. to Lord the of word the at thee, pray I Enquire, Israel, of king the unto said Jehoshaphat And 2Chr.18:4
war. the in thee with be will we and people; thy as people my and art, thou as am I him, answered he And Ramothgilead? to me with go thou Wilt Judah, of king Jehoshaphat unto said Israel of king Ahab And 2Chr.18:3
Ramothgilead. to him with up go to him persuaded and him, with had he that people the for and abundance, in him for oxen and sheep killed Ahab And Samaria. to Ahab to down went he years certain after And 2Chr.18:2
Ahab. with affinity joined and abundance, in honour and riches had Jehoshaphat Now 2Chr.18:1
Judah. all throughout cities fenced the in put king the whom those beside king, the on waited These 2Chr.17:19
war. the for prepared ready thousand fourscore and hundred an him with and Jehozabad, was him next And 2Chr.17:18
thousand. hundred two shield and bow with men armed him with and valour, of man mighty a Eliada Benjamin; of And 2Chr.17:17
valour. of men mighty thousand hundred two him with and ; Lord the unto himself offered willingly who Zichri, of son the Amasiah was him next And 2Chr.17:16
thousand. fourscore and hundred two him with and captain, the Jehohanan was him to next And 2Chr.17:15
thousand. hundred three valour of men mighty him with and chief, the Adnah thousands; of captains the Judah, Of fathers: their of house the to according them of numbers the are these And 2Chr.17:14
Jerusalem. in were valour, of men mighty war, of men the and Judah: of cities the in business much had he And 2Chr.17:13
store. of cities and castles, Judah in built he and exceedingly; great waxed Jehoshaphat And 2Chr.17:12
goats. he hundred seven and thousand seven and rams, hundred seven and thousand seven flocks, him brought Arabians the and silver; tribute and presents, Jehoshaphat brought Philistines the of some Also 2Chr.17:11
Jehoshaphat. against war no made they that so Judah, about round were that lands the of kingdoms the all upon fell Lord the of fear the And 2Chr.17:10
people. the taught and Judah, of cities the all throughout about went and them, with Lord the of law the of book the had and Judah, in taught they And 2Chr.17:9
priests. Jehoram, and Elishama them with and Levites; Tobadonijah, and Tobijah, and Adonijah, and Jehonathan, and Shemiramoth, and Asahel, and Zebadiah, and Nethaniah, and Shemaiah, even Levites, sent he them with And 2Chr.17:8
Judah. of cities the in teach to Michaiah, to and Nethaneel, to and Zechariah, to and Obadiah, to and Benhail, to even princes, his to sent he reign his of year third the in Also 2Chr.17:7
Judah. of out groves and places high the away took he moreover : Lord the of ways the in up lifted was heart his And 2Chr.17:6
abundance. in honour and riches had he and presents; Jehoshaphat to brought Judah all and hand; his in kingdom the stablished Lord the Therefore 2Chr.17:5
Israel. of doings the after not and commandments, his in walked and father, his of God Lord the to sought But 2Chr.17:4
Baalim; unto not sought and David, father his of ways first the in walked he because Jehoshaphat, with was Lord the And 2Chr.17:3
taken. had father his Asa which Ephraim, of cities the in and Judah, of land the in garrisons set and Judah, of cities fenced the all in forces placed he And 2Chr.17:2
Israel. against himself strengthened and stead, his in reigned son his Jehoshaphat And 2Chr.17:1
him. for burning great very a made they and art: apothecaries' the by prepared spices of kinds divers and odours sweet with filled was which bed the in him laid and David, of city the in himself for made had he which sepulchres, own his in him buried they And 2Chr.16:14
reign. his of year fortieth and one the in died and fathers, his with slept Asa And 2Chr.16:13
physicians. the to but , Lord the to not sought he disease his in yet great: exceeding was disease his until feet, his in diseased was reign his of year ninth and thirty the in Asa And 2Chr.16:12
Israel. and Judah of kings the of book the in written are they lo, last, and first Asa, of acts the behold, And, 2Chr.16:11
time. same the people the of some oppressed Asa And thing. this of because him with rage a in was he for house; prison a in him put and seer, the with wroth was Asa Then 2Chr.16:10
wars. have shalt thou henceforth from therefore foolishly: done hast thou Herein him. toward perfect is heart whose them of behalf the in strong himself shew to earth, whole the throughout fro and to run Lord the of eyes the For 2Chr.16:9
hand. thine into them delivered he , Lord the on rely didst thou because yet, horsemen? and chariots many very with host, huge a Lubims the and Ethiopians the not Were 2Chr.16:8
hand. thine of out escaped Syria of king the of host the is therefore God, thy Lord the on relied not and Syria, of king the on relied hast thou Because him, unto said and Judah, of king Asa to came seer the Hanani time that at And 2Chr.16:7
Mizpah. and Geba therewith built he and building; was Baasha wherewith thereof, timber the and Ramah, of stones the away carried they and Judah; all took king the Asa Then 2Chr.16:6
cease. work his let and Ramah, of building off left he that it, heard Baasha when pass, to came it And 2Chr.16:5
Naphtali. of cities store the all and Abelmaim, and Dan, and Ijon, smote they and Israel; of cities the against armies his of captains the sent and Asa, king unto hearkened Benhadad And 2Chr.16:4
me. from depart may he that Israel, of king Baasha with league thy break go, gold; and silver thee sent have I behold, father: thy and father my between was there as thee, and me between league a is There 2Chr.16:3
saying, Damascus, at dwelt that Syria, of king Benhadad to sent and house, king's the of and Lord the of house the of treasures the of out gold and silver out brought Asa Then 2Chr.16:2
Judah. of king Asa to in come or out go none let might he that intent the to Ramah, built and Judah, against up came Israel of king Baasha Asa of reign the of year thirtieth and six the In 2Chr.16:1
Asa. of reign the of year thirtieth and five the unto war more no was there And 2Chr.15:19
vessels. and gold, and silver, dedicated, had himself he that and dedicated, had father his that things the God of house the into brought he And 2Chr.15:18
days. his all perfect was Asa of heart the nevertheless Israel: of out away taken not were places high the But 2Chr.15:17
Kidron. brook the at it burnt and it, stamped and idol, her down cut Asa and grove: a in idol an made had she because queen, being from her removed he king, the Asa of mother the Maachah concerning also And 2Chr.15:16
about. round rest them gave Lord the and them: of found was he and desire; whole their with him sought and heart, their all with sworn had they for oath: the at rejoiced Judah all And 2Chr.15:15
cornets. with and trumpets, with and shouting, with and voice, loud a with Lord the unto sware they And 2Chr.15:14
woman. or man whether great, or small whether death, to put be should Israel of God Lord the seek not would whosoever That 2Chr.15:13
soul; their all with and heart their all with fathers their of God Lord the seek to covenant a into entered they And 2Chr.15:12
sheep. thousand seven and oxen hundred seven brought, had they which spoil the of time, same the Lord the unto offered they And 2Chr.15:11
Asa. of reign the of year fifteenth the in month, third the in Jerusalem at together themselves gathered they So 2Chr.15:10
him. with was God his Lord the that saw they when abundance, in Israel of out him to fell they for Simeon: of out and Manasseh, and Ephraim of out them with strangers the and Benjamin, and Judah all gathered he And 2Chr.15:9
. Lord the of porch the before was that , Lord the of altar the renewed and Ephraim, mount from taken had he which cities the of out and Benjamin, and Judah of land the all of out idols abominable the away put and courage, took he prophet, the Oded of prophecy the and words, these heard Asa when And 2Chr.15:8
rewarded. be shall work your for weak: be hands your not let and therefore, strong ye Be 2Chr.15:7
adversity. all with them vex did God for city: of city and nation, of destroyed was nation And 2Chr.15:6
countries. the of inhabitants the all upon were vexations great but in, came that him to nor out, went that him to peace no was there times those in And 2Chr.15:5
them. of found was he him, sought and Israel, of God Lord the unto turn did trouble their in they when But 2Chr.15:4
law. without and priest, teaching a without and God, true the without been hath Israel season long a for Now 2Chr.15:3
you. forsake will he him, forsake ye if but you; of found be will he him, seek ye if and him; with be ye while you, with is Lord The Benjamin; and Judah all and Asa, me, ye Hear him, unto said and Asa, meet to out went he And 2Chr.15:2
Oded: of son the Azariah upon came God of Spirit the And 2Chr.15:1
Jerusalem. to returned and abundance, in camels and sheep away carried and cattle, of tents the also smote They 2Chr.14:15
them. in spoil much exceeding was there for cities; the all spoiled they and them: upon came Lord the of fear the for Gerar; about round cities the all smote they And 2Chr.14:14
spoil. much very away carried they and host; his before and , Lord the before destroyed were they for themselves; recover not could they that overthrown, were Ethiopians the and Gerar: unto them pursued him with were that people the and Asa And 2Chr.14:13
fled. Ethiopians the and Judah; before and Asa, before Ethiopians the smote Lord the So 2Chr.14:12
thee. against prevail man no let God; our art thou , Lord O multitude. this against go we name thy in and thee, on rest we for God; our Lord O us, help power: no have that them with or many, with whether help, to thee with nothing is it , Lord said, and God, his Lord the unto cried Asa And 2Chr.14:11
Mareshah. at Zephathah of valley the in array in battle the set they and him, against out went Asa Then 2Chr.14:10
Mareshah. unto came and chariots; hundred three and thousand, thousand a of host an with Ethiopian the Zerah them against out came there And 2Chr.14:9
valour. of men mighty were these all thousand: fourscore and hundred two bows, drew and shields bare that Benjamin, of out and thousand; hundred three Judah of out spears, and targets bare that men of army an had Asa And 2Chr.14:8
prospered. and built they So side. every on rest us given hath he and him, sought have we God, our Lord the sought have we because us; before yet is land the while bars, and gates, towers, and walls, them about make and cities, these build us Let Judah, unto said he Therefore 2Chr.14:7
rest. him given had Lord the because years; those in war no had he and rest, had land the for Judah: in cities fenced built he And 2Chr.14:6
him. before quiet was kingdom the and images: the and places high the Judah of cities the all of out away took he Also 2Chr.14:5
commandment. the and law the do to and fathers, their of God Lord the seek to Judah commanded And 2Chr.14:4
groves: the down cut and images, the down brake and places, high the and gods, strange the of altars the away took he For 2Chr.14:3
God: his Lord the of eyes the in right and good was which that did Asa And 2Chr.14:2
years. ten quiet was land the days his In stead. his in reigned son his Asa and David: of city the in him buried they and fathers, his with slept Abijah So 2Chr.14:1
Iddo. prophet the of story the in written are sayings, his and ways, his and Abijah, of acts the of rest the And 2Chr.13:22
daughters. sixteen and sons, two and twenty begat and wives, fourteen married and mighty, waxed Abijah But 2Chr.13:21
died. he and him, struck Lord the and Abijah: of days the in again strength recover Jeroboam did Neither 2Chr.13:20
thereof. towns the with Ephraim and thereof, towns the with Jeshanah and thereof, towns the with Bethel him, from cities took and Jeroboam, after pursued Abijah And 2Chr.13:19
fathers. their of God Lord the upon relied they because prevailed, Judah of children the and time, that at under brought were Israel of children the Thus 2Chr.13:18
men. chosen thousand hundred five Israel of slain down fell there so slaughter: great a with them slew people his and Abijah And 2Chr.13:17
hand. their into them delivered God and Judah: before fled Israel of children the And 2Chr.13:16
Judah. and Abijah before Israel all and Jeroboam smote God that pass, to came it shouted, Judah of men the as and shout: a gave Judah of men the Then 2Chr.13:15
trumpets. the with sounded priests the and , Lord the unto cried they and behind: and before was battle the behold, back, looked Judah when And 2Chr.13:14
them. behind was ambushment the and Judah, before were they so them: behind about come to ambushment an caused Jeroboam But 2Chr.13:13
prosper. not shall ye for fathers; your of God Lord the against not ye fight Israel, of children O you. against alarm cry to trumpets sounding with priests his and captain, our for us with is himself God behold, And, 2Chr.13:12
him. forsaken have ye but God; our Lord the of charge the keep we for evening: every burn to thereof, lamps the with gold of candlestick the and table; pure the upon order in they set also shewbread the incense: sweet and sacrifices burnt evening every and morning every Lord the unto burn they And 2Chr.13:11
business: their upon wait Levites the and Aaron, of sons the are , Lord the unto minister which priests, the and him; forsaken not have we and God, our is Lord the us, for as But 2Chr.13:10
gods. no are that them of priest a be may same the rams, seven and bullock young a with himself consecrate to cometh whosoever that so lands? other of nations the of manner the after priests you made have and Levites, the and Aaron, of sons the , Lord the of priests the out cast not ye Have 2Chr.13:9
gods. for you made Jeroboam which calves, golden your with are there and multitude, great a be ye and David; of sons the of hand the in Lord the of kingdom the withstand to think ye now And 2Chr.13:8
them. withstand not could and tenderhearted, and young was Rehoboam when Solomon, of son the Rehoboam against themselves strengthened have and Belial, of children the men, vain him unto gathered are there And 2Chr.13:7
lord. his against rebelled hath and up, risen is David, of son the Solomon of servant the Nebat, of son the Jeroboam Yet 2Chr.13:6
salt? of covenant a by sons his to and him to even ever, for David to Israel over kingdom the gave Israel of God Lord the that know to not ye Ought 2Chr.13:5
Israel; all and Jeroboam, thou me, Hear said, and Ephraim, mount in is which Zemaraim, mount upon up stood Abijah And 2Chr.13:4
valour. of men mighty being men, chosen thousand hundred eight with him against array in battle the set also Jeroboam men: chosen thousand hundred four even war, of men valiant of army an with array in battle the set Abijah And 2Chr.13:3
Jeroboam. and Abijah between war was there And Gibeah. of Uriel of daughter the Michaiah was also name mother's His Jerusalem. in years three reigned He 2Chr.13:2
Judah. over reign to Abijah began Jeroboam king of year eighteenth the in Now 2Chr.13:1
stead. his in reigned son his Abijah and David: of city the in buried was and fathers, his with slept Rehoboam And 2Chr.12:16
continually. Jeroboam and Rehoboam between wars were there And genealogies? concerning seer the Iddo of and prophet, the Shemaiah of book the in written not they are last, and first Rehoboam, of acts the Now 2Chr.12:15
. Lord the seek to heart his not prepared he because evil, did he And 2Chr.12:14
Ammonitess. an Naamah was name mother's his And there. name his put to Israel, of tribes the all of out chosen had Lord the which city the Jerusalem, in years seventeen reigned he and reign, to began he when old years forty and one was Rehoboam for reigned: and Jerusalem, in himself strengthened Rehoboam king So 2Chr.12:13
well. went things Judah in also and altogether: him destroy not would he that him, from turned Lord the of wrath the himself, humbled he when And 2Chr.12:12
chamber. guard the into again them brought and them, fetched and came guard the , Lord the of house the into entered king the when And 2Chr.12:11
house. king's the of entrance the kept that guard, the of chief the of hands the to them committed and brass, of shields made Rehoboam king which of Instead 2Chr.12:10
made. had Solomon which gold of shields the also away carried he all: took he house; king's the of treasures the and , Lord the of house the of treasures the away took and Jerusalem, against up came Egypt of king Shishak So 2Chr.12:9
countries. the of kingdoms the of service the and service, my know may they that servants; his be shall they Nevertheless 2Chr.12:8
Shishak. of hand the by Jerusalem upon out poured be not shall wrath my and deliverance; some them grant will I but them, destroy not will I therefore themselves; humbled have They saying, Shemaiah, to came Lord the of word the themselves, humbled they that saw Lord the when And 2Chr.12:7
righteous. is Lord The said, they and themselves; humbled king the and Israel of princes the Whereupon 2Chr.12:6
Shishak. of hand the in you left also I have therefore and me, forsaken have Ye , Lord the saith Thus them, unto said and Shishak, of because Jerusalem to together gathered were that Judah, of princes the to and Rehoboam, to prophet the Shemaiah came Then 2Chr.12:5
Jerusalem. to came and Judah, to pertained which cities fenced the took he And 2Chr.12:4
Ethiopians. the and Sukkiims, the Lubims, the Egypt; of out him with came that number without were people the and horsemen: thousand threescore and chariots, hundred twelve With 2Chr.12:3
, Lord the against transgressed had they because Jerusalem, against up came Egypt of king Shishak Rehoboam king of year fifth the in that pass, to came it And 2Chr.12:2
him. with Israel all and , Lord the of law the forsook he himself, strengthened had and kingdom, the established had Rehoboam when pass, to came it And 2Chr.12:1
wives. many desired he And abundance. in victual them gave he and city: fenced every unto Benjamin, and Judah of countries the all throughout children his all of dispersed and wisely, dealt he And 2Chr.11:23
king. him make to thought he for brethren: his among ruler be to chief, the Maachah of son the Abijah made Rehoboam And 2Chr.11:22
daughters.) threescore and sons, eight and twenty begat and concubines; threescore and wives, eighteen took he (for concubines: his and wives his all above Absalom of daughter the Maachah loved Rehoboam And 2Chr.11:21
Shelomith. and Ziza, and Attai, and Abijah, him bare which Absalom; of daughter the Maachah took he her after And 2Chr.11:20
Zaham. and Shamariah, and Jeush, children; him bare Which 2Chr.11:19
Jesse; of son the Eliab of daughter the Abihail and wife, to David of son the Jerimoth of daughter the Mahalath him took Rehoboam And 2Chr.11:18
Solomon. and David of way the in walked they years three for years: three strong, Solomon of son the Rehoboam made and Judah, of kingdom the strengthened they So 2Chr.11:17
fathers. their of God Lord the unto sacrifice to Jerusalem, to came Israel of God Lord the seek to hearts their set as such Israel of tribes the all of out them after And 2Chr.11:16
made. had he which calves the for and devils, the for and places, high the for priests him ordained he And 2Chr.11:15
: Lord the unto office priest's the executing from off them cast had sons his and Jeroboam for Jerusalem: and Judah to came and possession, their and suburbs their left Levites the For 2Chr.11:14
coasts. their all of out him to resorted Israel all in were that Levites the and priests the And 2Chr.11:13
side. his on Benjamin and Judah having strong, exceeding them made and spears, and shields put he city several every in And 2Chr.11:12
wine. and oil of and victual, of store and them, in captains put and holds, strong the fortified he And 2Chr.11:11
cities. fenced Benjamin in and Judah in are which Hebron, and Aijalon, and Zorah, And 2Chr.11:10
Azekah, and Lachish, and Adoraim, And 2Chr.11:9
Ziph, and Mareshah, and Gath, And 2Chr.11:8
Adullam, and Shoco, and Bethzur, And 2Chr.11:7
Tekoa, and Etam, and Bethlehem, even built He 2Chr.11:6
Judah. in defence for cities built and Jerusalem, in dwelt Rehoboam And 2Chr.11:5
Jeroboam. against going from returned and , Lord the of words the obeyed they And me. of done is thing this for house: his to man every return brethren: your against fight nor up, go not shall Ye , Lord the saith Thus 2Chr.11:4
saying, Benjamin, and Judah in Israel all to and Judah, of king Solomon, of son the Rehoboam unto Speak 2Chr.11:3
saying, God, of man the Shemaiah to came Lord the of word the But 2Chr.11:2
Rehoboam. to again kingdom the bring might he that Israel, against fight to warriors, were which men, chosen thousand fourscore and hundred an Benjamin and Judah of house the of gathered he Jerusalem, to come was Rehoboam when And 2Chr.11:1
day. this unto David of house the against rebelled Israel And 2Chr.10:19
Jerusalem. to flee to chariot, his to up him get to speed made Rehoboam king But died. he that stones, with him stoned Israel of children the and tribute; the over was that Hadoram sent Rehoboam king Then 2Chr.10:18
them. over reigned Rehoboam Judah, of cities the in dwelt that Israel of children the for as But 2Chr.10:17
tents. their to went Israel all So house. own thine to see David, now, and Israel: O tents, your to man every Jesse: of son the in inheritance none have we and David? in we have portion What saying, king, the answered people the them, unto hearken not would king the that saw Israel all when And 2Chr.10:16
Nebat. of son the Jeroboam to Shilonite the Ahijah of hand the by spake he which word, his perform might Lord the that God, of was cause the for people: the unto not hearkened king the So 2Chr.10:15
scorpions. with you chastise will I but whips, with you chastised father my thereto: add will I but heavy, yoke your made father My saying, men, young the of advice the after them answered And 2Chr.10:14
men, old the of counsel the forsook Rehoboam king and roughly; them answered king the And 2Chr.10:13
day. third the on me to again Come saying, bade, king the as day, third the on Rehoboam to came people the all and Jeroboam So 2Chr.10:12
scorpions. with you chastise will I but whips, with you chastised father my yoke: your to more put will I you, upon yoke heavy a put father my whereas For 2Chr.10:11
loins. father's my than thicker be shall finger little My them, unto say thou shalt thus us; for lighter somewhat it thou make but heavy, yoke our made father Thy saying, thee, unto spake that people the answer thou shalt Thus saying, him, unto spake him with up brought were that men young the And 2Chr.10:10
us? upon put did father thy that yoke the somewhat Ease saying, me, to spoken have which people, this to answer return may we that ye give advice What them, unto said he And 2Chr.10:9
him. before stood that him, with up brought were that men young the with counsel took and him, gave men old the which counsel the forsook he But 2Chr.10:8
ever. for servants thy be will they them, to words good speak and them, please and people, this to kind be thou If saying, him, unto spake they And 2Chr.10:7
people? this to answer return to me ye give counsel What saying, lived, yet he while father his Solomon before stood had that men old the with counsel took Rehoboam king And 2Chr.10:6
departed. people the And days. three after me unto again Come them, unto said he And 2Chr.10:5
thee. serve will we and us, upon put he that yoke heavy his and father, thy of servitude grievous the somewhat thou ease therefore now grievous: yoke our made father Thy 2Chr.10:4
saying, Rehoboam, to spake and came Israel all and Jeroboam So him. called and sent they And 2Chr.10:3
Egypt. of out returned Jeroboam that it, heard king, the Solomon of presence the from fled he whither Egypt, in was who Nebat, of son the Jeroboam when pass, to came it And 2Chr.10:2
king. him make to come Israel all were Shechem to for Shechem: to went Rehoboam And 2Chr.10:1
stead. his in reigned son his Rehoboam and father: his David of city the in buried was he and fathers, his with slept Solomon And 2Chr.9:31
years. forty Israel all over Jerusalem in reigned Solomon And 2Chr.9:30
Nebat? of son the Jeroboam against seer the Iddo of visions the in and Shilonite, the Ahijah of prophecy the in and prophet, the Nathan of book the in written not they are last, and first Solomon, of acts the of rest the Now 2Chr.9:29
lands. all of out and Egypt, of out horses Solomon unto brought they And 2Chr.9:28
abundance. in plains low the in are that trees sycomore the as he made trees cedar and stones, as Jerusalem in silver made king the And 2Chr.9:27
Egypt. of border the to and Philistines, the of land the unto even river the from kings the all over reigned he And 2Chr.9:26
Jerusalem. at king the with and cities, chariot the in bestowed he whom horsemen; thousand twelve and chariots, and horses for stalls thousand four had Solomon And 2Chr.9:25
year. by year rate a mules, and horses, spices, and harness, raiment, and gold, of vessels and silver, of vessels present, his man every brought they And 2Chr.9:24
heart. his in put had God that wisdom, his hear to Solomon, of presence the sought earth the of kings the all And 2Chr.9:23
wisdom. and riches in earth the of kings the all passed Solomon king And 2Chr.9:22
peacocks. and apes, and ivory, silver, and gold, bringing Tarshish of ships the came once years three every Huram: of servants the with Tarshish to went ships king's the For 2Chr.9:21
Solomon. of days the in of accounted thing any not was it silver; of were none gold: pure of were Lebanon of forest the of house the of vessels the all and gold, of were Solomon king of vessels drinking the all And 2Chr.9:20
kingdom. any in made like the not was There steps. six the upon other the on and side one the on there stood lions twelve And 2Chr.9:19
stays: the by standing lions two and place, sitting the of side each on stays and throne, the to fastened were which gold, of footstool a with throne, the to steps six were there And 2Chr.9:18
gold. pure with it overlaid and ivory, of throne great a made king the Moreover 2Chr.9:17
Lebanon. of forest the of house the in them put king the And shield. one to went gold of shekels hundred three gold: beaten of he made shields hundred three And 2Chr.9:16
target. one to went gold beaten of shekels hundred six gold: beaten of targets hundred two made Solomon king And 2Chr.9:15
Solomon. to silver and gold brought country the of governors and Arabia of kings the all And brought. merchants and chapmen which that Beside 2Chr.9:14
gold; of talents six and threescore and hundred six was year one in Solomon to came that gold of weight the Now 2Chr.9:13
servants. her and she land, own her to away went and turned, she So king. the unto brought had she which that beside asked, she whatsoever desire, her all Sheba of queen the to gave Solomon king And 2Chr.9:12
Judah. of land the in before seen such none were there and singers: for psalteries and harps and palace, king's the to and , Lord the of house the to terraces trees algum the of made king the And 2Chr.9:11
stones. precious and trees algum brought Ophir, from gold brought which Solomon, of servants the and Huram, of also servants the And 2Chr.9:10
Solomon. king gave Sheba of queen the as spice such any there was neither stones: precious and abundance, great spices of and gold, of talents twenty and hundred an king the gave she And 2Chr.9:9
justice. and judgment do to them, over king thee he made therefore ever, for them establish to Israel, loved God thy because God: thy Lord the for king be to throne, his on thee set to thee in delighted which God, thy Lord the be Blessed 2Chr.9:8
wisdom. thy hear and thee, before continually stand which servants, thy these are happy and men, thy are Happy 2Chr.9:7
heard. I that fame the exceedest thou for me: told not was wisdom thy of greatness the of half one the behold, and, it: seen had eyes mine and came, I until words, their not believed I Howbeit 2Chr.9:6
wisdom: thy of and acts, thine of land own mine in heard I which report true a was It king, the to said she And 2Chr.9:5
her. in spirit more no was there ; Lord the of house the into up went he which by ascent his and apparel; their and also, cupbearers his apparel; their and ministers, his of attendance the and servants, his of sitting the and table, his of meat the And 2Chr.9:4
built, had he that house the and Solomon, of wisdom the seen had Sheba of queen the when And 2Chr.9:3
not. her told he which Solomon from hid nothing was there and questions: her all her told Solomon And 2Chr.9:2
heart. her in was that all of him with communed she Solomon, to come was she when and stones: precious and abundance, in gold and spices, bare that camels and company, great very a with Jerusalem, at questions hard with Solomon prove to came she Solomon, of fame the of heard Sheba of queen the when And 2Chr.9:1
Solomon. king to them brought and gold, of talents fifty and hundred four thence took and Ophir, to Solomon of servants the with went they and sea; the of knowledge had that servants and ships, servants his of hands the by him sent Huram And 2Chr.8:18
Edom. of land the in side sea the at Eloth, to and Eziongeber, to Solomon went Then 2Chr.8:17
perfected. was Lord the of house the So finished. was it until and , Lord the of house the of foundation the of day the unto prepared was Solomon of work the all Now 2Chr.8:16
treasures. the concerning or matter, any concerning Levites and priests the unto king the of commandment the from not departed they And 2Chr.8:15
commanded. God of man the David had so for gate: every at courses their by also porters the required: day every of duty the as priests, the before minister and praise to charges, their to Levites the and service, their to priests the of courses the father, his David of order the to according appointed, he And 2Chr.8:14
tabernacles. of feast the in and weeks, of feast the in and bread, unleavened of feast the in even year, the in times three feasts, solemn the on and moons, new the on and sabbaths, the on Moses, of commandment the to according offering day, every rate certain a after Even 2Chr.8:13
porch, the before built had he which , Lord the of altar the on Lord the unto offerings burnt offered Solomon Then 2Chr.8:12
come. hath Lord the of ark the whereunto holy, are places the because Israel, of king David of house the in dwell not shall wife My said, he for her: for built had he that house the unto David of city the of out Pharaoh of daughter the up brought Solomon And 2Chr.8:11
people. the over rule bare that fifty, and hundred two even officers, Solomon's king of chief the were these And 2Chr.8:10
horsemen. and chariots his of captains and captains, his of chief and war, of men were they but work; his for servants no make Solomon did Israel of children the of But 2Chr.8:9
day. this until tribute pay to make Solomon did them not, consumed Israel of children the whom land, the in them after left were who children, their of But 2Chr.8:8
Israel, of not were which Jebusites, the and Hivites, the and Perizzites, the and Amorites, the and Hittites, the of left were that people the all for As 2Chr.8:7
dominion. his of land the all throughout and Lebanon, in and Jerusalem, in build to desired Solomon that all and horsemen, the of cities the and cities, chariot the all and had, Solomon that cities store the all and Baalath, And 2Chr.8:6
bars; and gates, walls, with cities, fenced nether, the Bethhoron and upper, the Bethhoron built he Also 2Chr.8:5
Hamath. in built he which cities, store the all and wilderness, the in Tadmor built he And 2Chr.8:4
it. against prevailed and Hamathzobah, to went Solomon And 2Chr.8:3
there. dwell to Israel of children the caused and them, built Solomon Solomon, to restored had Huram which cities the That 2Chr.8:2
house, own his and , Lord the of house the built had Solomon wherein years, twenty of end the at pass to came it And 2Chr.8:1
them. upon evil this all brought he hath therefore them: served and them, worshipped and gods, other on hold laid and Egypt, of land the of out forth them brought which fathers, their of God Lord the forsook they Because answered, be shall it And 2Chr.7:22
house? this unto and land, this unto thus done Lord the hath Why say, shall he that so it; by passeth that one every to astonishment an be shall high, is which house, this And 2Chr.7:21
nations. all among byword a and proverb a be to it make will and sight, my of out cast I will name, my for sanctified have I which house, this and them; given have I which land my of out roots the by up them pluck I will Then 2Chr.7:20
them; worship and gods, other serve and go shall and you, before set have I which commandments, my and statutes my forsake and away, turn ye if But 2Chr.7:19
Israel. in ruler be to man a thee fail not shall There saying, father, thy David with covenanted have I as according kingdom, thy of throne the stablish I will Then 2Chr.7:18
judgments; my and statutes my observe shalt and thee, commanded have I that all to according do and walked, father thy David as me, before walk wilt thou if thee, for as And 2Chr.7:17
perpetually. there be shall heart mine and eyes mine and ever: for there be may name my that house, this sanctified and chosen I have now For 2Chr.7:16
place. this in made is that prayer the unto attent ears mine and open, be shall eyes mine Now 2Chr.7:15
land. their heal will and sin, their forgive will and heaven, from hear I will then ways; wicked their from turn and face, my seek and pray, and themselves, humble shall name, my by called are which people, my If 2Chr.7:14
people; my among pestilence send I if or land, the devour to locusts the command I if or rain, no be there that heaven up shut I If 2Chr.7:13
sacrifice. of house an for myself to place this chosen have and prayer, thy heard have I him, unto said and night, by Solomon to appeared Lord the And 2Chr.7:12
effected. prosperously he house, own his in and , Lord the of house the in make to heart Solomon's into came that all and house: king's the and , Lord the of house the finished Solomon Thus 2Chr.7:11
people. his Israel to and Solomon, to and David, unto shewed had Lord the that goodness the for heart in merry and glad tents, their into away people the sent he month seventh the of day twentieth and three the on And 2Chr.7:10
days. seven feast the and days, seven altar the of dedication the kept they for assembly: solemn a made they day eighth the in And 2Chr.7:9
Egypt. of river the unto Hamath of in entering the from congregation, great very a him, with Israel all and days, seven feast the kept Solomon time same the at Also 2Chr.7:8
fat. the and offerings, meat the and offerings, burnt the receive to able not was made had Solomon which altar brasen the because offerings, peace the of fat the and offerings, burnt offered he there for : Lord the of house the before was that court the of middle the hallowed Solomon Moreover 2Chr.7:7
stood. Israel all and them, before trumpets sounded priests the and ministry; their by praised David when ever, for endureth mercy his because , Lord the praise to made had king the David which , Lord the of musick of instruments with also Levites the offices: their on waited priests the And 2Chr.7:6
God. of house the dedicated people the all and king the so sheep: thousand twenty and hundred an and oxen, thousand two and twenty of sacrifice a offered Solomon king And 2Chr.7:5
. Lord the before sacrifices offered people the all and king the Then 2Chr.7:4
ever. for endureth mercy his for good; is he For saying, , Lord the praised and worshipped, and pavement, the upon ground the to faces their with themselves bowed they house, the upon Lord the of glory the and down, came fire the how saw Israel of children the all when And 2Chr.7:3
house. 's Lord the filled had Lord the of glory the because , Lord the of house the into enter not could priests the And 2Chr.7:2
house. the filled Lord the of glory the and sacrifices; the and offering burnt the consumed and heaven, from down came fire the praying, of end an made had Solomon when Now 2Chr.7:1
servant. thy David of mercies the remember anointed: thine of face the away not turn God, Lord O 2Chr.6:42
goodness. in rejoice saints thy let and salvation, with clothed be God, Lord O priests, thy let strength: thy of ark the and thou, place, resting thy into God, Lord O arise, therefore Now 2Chr.6:41
place. this in made is that prayer the unto attent be ears thine let and open, be eyes thine thee, beseech I let, God, my Now, 2Chr.6:40
thee. against sinned have which people thy forgive and cause, their maintain and supplications, their and prayer their place, dwelling thy from even heavens, the from thou hear Then 2Chr.6:39
name: thy for built have I which house the toward and chosen, hast thou which city the toward and fathers, their unto gavest thou which land, their toward pray and captives, them carried have they whither captivity, their of land the in soul their all with and heart their all with thee to return they If 2Chr.6:38
wickedly; dealt have and amiss, done have we sinned, have We saying, captivity, their of land the in thee unto pray and turn and captive, carried are they whither land the in themselves bethink they if Yet 2Chr.6:37
near; or off far land a unto captives away them carry they and enemies, their before over them deliver and them, with angry be thou and not,) sinneth which man no is there (for thee, against sin they If 2Chr.6:36
cause. their maintain and supplication, their and prayer their heavens the from thou hear Then 2Chr.6:35
name; thy for built have I which house the and chosen, hast thou which city this toward thee unto pray they and them, send shalt thou that way the by enemies their against war to out go people thy If 2Chr.6:34
name. thy by called is built have I which house this that know may and Israel, people thy doth as thee, fear and name, thy know may earth the of people all that for; thee to calleth stranger the that all to according do and place, dwelling thy from even heavens, the from thou hear Then 2Chr.6:33
house; this in pray and come they if arm; out stretched thy and hand, mighty thy and sake, name's great thy for country far a from come is but Israel, people thy of not is which stranger, the concerning Moreover 2Chr.6:32
fathers. our unto gavest thou which land the in live they as long so ways, thy in walk to thee, fear may they That 2Chr.6:31
men:) of children the of hearts the knowest only thou (for knowest; thou heart whose ways, his all unto according man every unto render and forgive, and place, dwelling thy heaven from thou hear Then 2Chr.6:30
house: this in hands his forth spread shall and grief, own his and sore own his know shall one every when Israel, people thy all of or man, any of made be shall soever supplication what or prayer what Then 2Chr.6:29
be: there sickness whatsoever or sore whatsoever land; their of cities the in them besiege enemies their if caterpillers; or locusts, mildew, or blasting, be there if pestilence, be there if land, the in dearth be there If 2Chr.6:28
inheritance. an for people thy unto given hast thou which land, thy upon rain send and walk; should they wherein way, good the them taught hast thou when Israel, people thy of and servants, thy of sin the forgive and heaven, from thou hear Then 2Chr.6:27
them; afflict dost thou when sin, their from turn and name, thy confess and place, this toward pray they if yet thee; against sinned have they because rain, no is there and up, shut is heaven the When 2Chr.6:26
fathers. their to and them to gavest thou which land the unto again them bring and Israel, people thy of sin the forgive and heavens, the from thou hear Then 2Chr.6:25
house; this in thee before supplication make and pray and name, thy confess and return shall and thee; against sinned have they because enemy, the before worse the to put be Israel people thy if And 2Chr.6:24
righteousness. his to according him giving by righteous, the justifying by and head; own his upon way his recompensing by wicked, the requiting by servants, thy judge and do, and heaven, from thou hear Then 2Chr.6:23
house; this in altar thine before come oath the and swear, him make to him upon laid be oath an and neighbour, his against sin man a If 2Chr.6:22
forgive. hearest, thou when and heaven; from even place, dwelling thy from thou hear place: this toward make shall they which Israel, people thy of and servant, thy of supplications the unto therefore Hearken 2Chr.6:21
place. this toward prayeth servant thy which prayer the unto hearken to there; name thy put wouldest thou that said hast thou whereof place the upon night, and day house this upon open be may eyes thine That 2Chr.6:20
thee: before prayeth servant thy which prayer the and cry the unto hearken to God, my Lord O supplication, his to and servant, thy of prayer the to therefore respect Have 2Chr.6:19
built! have I which house this less much how thee; contain cannot heavens of heaven the and heaven behold, earth? the on men with dwell deed very in God will But 2Chr.6:18
David. servant thy unto spoken hast thou which verified, be word thy let Israel, of God Lord O then, Now 2Chr.6:17
me. before walked hast thou as law, my in walk to way their to heed take children thy that so yet Israel; of throne the upon sit to sight my in man a thee fail not shall There saying, him, promised hast thou which that father my David servant thy with keep Israel, of God Lord O therefore, Now 2Chr.6:16
day. this is it as hand, thine with it fulfilled hast and mouth, thy with spakest and him; promised hast thou which that father my David servant thy with kept hast which Thou 2Chr.6:15
hearts: their all with thee before walk that servants, thy unto mercy shewest and covenant, keepest which earth; the in nor heaven, the in thee like God no is there Israel, of God Lord O said, And 2Chr.6:14
heaven. toward hands his forth spread and Israel, of congregation the all before knees his upon down kneeled and stood, he it upon and court: the of midst the in it set had and high, cubits three and broad, cubits five and long, cubits five of scaffold brasen a made had Solomon For 2Chr.6:13
hands: his forth spread and Israel, of congregation the all of presence the in Lord the of altar the before stood he And 2Chr.6:12
Israel. of children the with made he that , Lord the of covenant the is wherein ark, the put I have it in And 2Chr.6:11
Israel. of God Lord the of name the for house the built have and promised, Lord the as Israel, of throne the on set am and father, my David of room the in up risen am I for spoken: hath he that word his performed hath therefore Lord The 2Chr.6:10
name. my for house the build shall he loins, thy of out forth come shall which son thy but house; the build not shalt thou Notwithstanding 2Chr.6:9
heart: thine in was it that in well didst thou name, my for house an build to heart thine in was it as Forasmuch father, my David to said Lord the But 2Chr.6:8
Israel. of God Lord the of name the for house an build to father my David of heart the in was it Now 2Chr.6:7
Israel. people my over be to David chosen have and there; be might name my that Jerusalem, chosen have I But 2Chr.6:6
Israel: people my over ruler a be to man any I chose neither there; be might name my that in, house an build to Israel of tribes the all among city no chose I Egypt of land the of out people my forth brought I that day the Since 2Chr.6:5
saying, David, father my to mouth his with spake he which that fulfilled hands his with hath who Israel, of God Lord the be Blessed said, he And 2Chr.6:4
stood. Israel of congregation the all and Israel: of congregation whole the blessed and face, his turned king the And 2Chr.6:3
ever. for dwelling thy for place a and thee, for habitation of house an built have I But 2Chr.6:2
darkness. thick the in dwell would he that said hath Lord The Solomon, said Then 2Chr.6:1
God. of house the filled had Lord the of glory the for cloud: the of reason by minister to stand not could priests the that So 2Chr.5:14
; Lord the of house the even cloud, a with filled was house the then that ever: for endureth mercy his for good; is he For saying, , Lord the praised and musick, of instruments and cymbals and trumpets the with voice their up lifted they when and ; Lord the thanking and praising in heard be to sound one make to one, as were singers and trumpeters the as pass, to even came It 2Chr.5:13
trumpets:) with sounding priests twenty and hundred an them with and altar, the of end east the at stood harps, and psalteries and cymbals having linen, white in arrayed being brethren, their and sons their with Jeduthun, of Heman, of Asaph, of them of all singers, the were which Levites the Also 2Chr.5:12
course: by wait then not did and sanctified, were present were that priests the all (for place: holy the of out come were priests the when pass, to came it And 2Chr.5:11
Egypt. of out came they when Israel, of children the with covenant a made Lord the when Horeb, at therein put Moses which tables two the save ark the in nothing was There 2Chr.5:10
day. this unto is it there And without. seen not were they but oracle; the before ark the from seen were staves the of ends the that ark, the of staves the out drew they And 2Chr.5:9
above. thereof staves the and ark the covered cherubims the and ark, the of place the over wings their forth spread cherubims the For 2Chr.5:8
cherubims: the of wings the under even place, holy most the into house, the of oracle the to place, his unto Lord the of covenant the of ark the in brought priests the And 2Chr.5:7
multitude. for numbered nor told be not could which oxen, and sheep sacrificed ark, the before him unto assembled were that Israel of congregation the all and Solomon, king Also 2Chr.5:6
up. bring Levites the and priests the did these tabernacle, the in were that vessels holy the all and congregation, the of tabernacle the and ark, the up brought they And 2Chr.5:5
ark. the up took Levites the and came; Israel of elders the all And 2Chr.5:4
month. seventh the in was which feast the in king the unto themselves assembled Israel of men the all Wherefore 2Chr.5:3
Zion. is which David, of city the of out Lord the of covenant the of ark the up bring to Jerusalem, unto Israel, of children the of fathers the of chief the tribes, the of heads the all and Israel, of elders the assembled Solomon Then 2Chr.5:2
God. of house the of treasures the among he put instruments, the all and gold, the and silver, the and dedicated; had father his David that things the all in brought Solomon and finished: was Lord the of house the for made Solomon that work the all Thus 2Chr.5:1
gold. of were temple, the of house the of doors the and place, holy most the for thereof doors inner the house, the of entry the and gold: pure of censers, the and spoons, the and basons, the and snuffers, the And 2Chr.4:22
gold; perfect that and gold, of he made tongs, the and lamps, the and flowers, the And 2Chr.4:21
gold; pure of oracle, the before manner the after burn should they that lamps, their with candlesticks the Moreover 2Chr.4:20
set; was shewbread the whereon tables the and also, altar golden the God, of house the for were that vessels the all made Solomon And 2Chr.4:19
out. found be not could brass the of weight the for abundance: great in vessels these all made Solomon Thus 2Chr.4:18
Zeredathah. and Succoth between ground clay the in them, cast king the did Jordan of plain the In 2Chr.4:17
brass. bright of Lord the of house the for Solomon king to make father his Huram did instruments, their all and fleshhooks, the and shovels, the and also, pots The 2Chr.4:16
it. under oxen twelve and sea, One 2Chr.4:15
bases; the upon he made lavers and bases, also made He 2Chr.4:14
pillars. the upon were which chapiters the of pommels two the cover to wreath, each on pomegranates of rows two wreaths; two the on pomegranates hundred four And 2Chr.4:13
pillars; the of top the on were which chapiters the of pommels two the cover to wreaths two the and pillars, two the of top the on were which chapiters the and pommels, the and pillars, two the wit, To 2Chr.4:12
God; of house the for Solomon king for make to was he that work the finished Huram And basons. the and shovels, the and pots, the made Huram And 2Chr.4:11
south. the against over end, east the of side right the on sea the set he And 2Chr.4:10
brass. with them of doors the overlaid and court, the for doors and court, great the and priests, the of court the made he Furthermore 2Chr.4:9
gold. of basons hundred an made he And left. the on five and side, right the on five temple, the in them placed and tables, ten also made He 2Chr.4:8
left. the on five and hand, right the on five temple, the in them set and form, their to according gold of candlesticks ten made he And 2Chr.4:7
in. wash to priests the for was sea the but them; in washed they offering burnt the for offered they as things such them: in wash to left, the on five and hand, right the on five put and lavers, ten also made He 2Chr.4:6
baths. thousand three held and received it and lilies; of flowers with cup, a of brim the of work the like it of brim the and handbreadth, an was it of thickness the And 2Chr.4:5
inward. were parts hinder their all and them, upon above set was sea the and east: the toward looking three and south, the toward looking three and west, the toward looking three and north, the toward looking three oxen, twelve upon stood It 2Chr.4:4
cast. was it when cast, were oxen of rows Two about. round sea the compassing cubit, a in ten about: round it compass did which oxen, of similitude the was it under And 2Chr.4:3
about. round it compass did cubits thirty of line a and thereof; height the cubits five and compass, in round brim, to brim from cubits ten of sea molten a made he Also 2Chr.4:2
thereof. height the cubits ten and thereof, breadth the cubits twenty and thereof, length the cubits twenty brass, of altar an made he Moreover 2Chr.4:1
Boaz. left the on that of name the and Jachin, hand right the on that of name the called and left; the on other the and hand, right the on one temple, the before pillars the up reared he And 2Chr.3:17
chains. the on them put and pomegranates, hundred an made and pillars; the of heads the on them put and oracle, the in as chains, made he And 2Chr.3:16
cubits. five was them of each of top the on was that chapiter the and high, cubits five and thirty of pillars two house the before made he Also 2Chr.3:15
thereon. cherubims wrought and linen, fine and crimson, and purple, and blue, of vail the made he And 2Chr.3:14
inward. were faces their and feet, their on stood they and cubits: twenty forth themselves spread cherubims these of wings The 2Chr.3:13
cherub. other the of wing the to joining also, cubits five was wing other the and house: the of wall the to reaching cubits, five was cherub other the of wing one And 2Chr.3:12
cherub. other the of wing the to reaching cubits, five likewise was wing other the and house: the of wall the to reaching cubits, five was cherub one the of wing one long: cubits twenty were cherubims the of wings the And 2Chr.3:11
gold. with them overlaid and work, image of cherubims two made he house holy most the in And 2Chr.3:10
gold. with chambers upper the overlaid he And gold. of shekels fifty was nails the of weight the And 2Chr.3:9
talents. hundred six to amounting gold, fine with it overlaid he and cubits: twenty thereof breadth the and cubits, twenty house, the of breadth the to according was whereof length the house, holy most the made he And 2Chr.3:8
walls. the on cherubims graved and gold; with thereof, doors the and thereof, walls the and posts, the beams, the house, the also overlaid He 2Chr.3:7
Parvaim. of gold was gold the and beauty: for stones precious with house the garnished he And 2Chr.3:6
chains. and trees palm thereon set and gold, fine with overlaid he which tree, fir with cieled he house greater the And 2Chr.3:5
gold. pure with within it overlaid he and twenty: and hundred an was height the and cubits, twenty house, the of breadth the to according was it of length the house, the of front the in was that porch the And 2Chr.3:4
cubits. twenty breadth the and cubits, threescore was measure first the after cubits by length The God. of house the of building the for instructed was Solomon wherein things the are these Now 2Chr.3:3
reign. his of year fourth the in month, second the of day second the in build to began he And 2Chr.3:2
Jebusite. the Ornan of threshingfloor the in prepared had David that place the in father, his David unto appeared Lord the where Moriah, mount in Jerusalem at Lord the of house the build to began Solomon Then 2Chr.3:1
work. a people the set to overseers hundred six and thousand three and mountain, the in hewers be to thousand fourscore and burdens, of bearers be to them of thousand ten and threescore set he And 2Chr.2:18
hundred. six and thousand three and thousand fifty and hundred an found were they and them; numbered had father his David wherewith numbering the after Israel, of land the in were that strangers the all numbered Solomon And 2Chr.2:17
Jerusalem. to up it carry shalt thou and Joppa; to sea by floats in thee to it bring will we and need: shalt thou as much as Lebanon, of out wood cut will we And 2Chr.2:16
servants: his unto send him let of, spoken hath lord my which wine, the and oil, the barley, the and wheat, the therefore Now 2Chr.2:15
father. thy David lord my of men cunning the with and men, cunning thy with him, to put be shall which device every out find to and graving, of manner any grave to also crimson; in and linen, fine in and blue, in purple, in timber, in and stone, in iron, in brass, in silver, in and gold, in work to skilful Tyre, of man a was father his and Dan, of daughters the of woman a of son The 2Chr.2:14
father's, my Huram of understanding, with endued man, cunning a sent have I now And 2Chr.2:13
kingdom. his for house an and , Lord the for house an build might that understanding, and prudence with endued son, wise a king the David to given hath who earth, and heaven made that Israel, of God Lord the be Blessed moreover, said Huram 2Chr.2:12
them. over king thee made hath he people, his loved hath Lord the Because Solomon, to sent he which writing, in answered Tyre of king the Huram Then 2Chr.2:11
oil. of baths thousand twenty and wine, of baths thousand twenty and barley, of measures thousand twenty and wheat, beaten of measures thousand twenty timber, cut that hewers the servants, thy to give will I behold, And, 2Chr.2:10
great. wonderful be shall build to about am I which house the for abundance: in timber me prepare to Even 2Chr.2:9
servants, thy with be shall servants my behold, and, Lebanon; in timber cut to skill can servants thy that know I for Lebanon: of out trees, algum and trees, fir trees, cedar also me Send 2Chr.2:8
provide. did father my David whom Jerusalem, in and Judah in me with are that men cunning the with grave to skill can that and blue, and crimson, and purple, in and iron, in and brass, in and silver, in and gold, in work to cunning man a therefore now me Send 2Chr.2:7
him? before sacrifice burn to only save house, an him build should I that then, I am who him? contain cannot heavens of heaven and heaven the seeing house, an him build to able is who But 2Chr.2:6
gods. all above God our is great for great: is build I which house the And 2Chr.2:5
Israel. to ever for ordinance an is This God. our Lord the of feasts solemn the on and moons, new the on and sabbaths, the on evening, and morning offerings burnt the for and shewbread, continual the for and incense, sweet him before burn to and him, to it dedicate to God, my Lord the of name the to house an build I Behold, 2Chr.2:4
me. with deal so even therein, dwell to house an him build to cedars him send didst and father, my David with deal didst thou As saying, Tyre, of king the Huram to sent Solomon And 2Chr.2:3
them. oversee to hundred six and thousand three and mountain, the in hew to thousand fourscore and burdens, bear to men thousand ten and threescore out told Solomon And 2Chr.2:2
kingdom. his for house an and , Lord the of name the for house an build to determined Solomon And 2Chr.2:1
means. their by Syria, of kings the for and Hittites, the of kings the all for horses out they brought so and fifty: and hundred an for horse an and silver, of shekels hundred six for chariot a Egypt of out forth brought and up, fetched they And 2Chr.1:17
price. a at yarn linen the received merchants king's the yarn: linen and Egypt, of out brought horses had Solomon And 2Chr.1:16
abundance. for vale the in are that trees sycomore the as he made trees cedar and stones, as plenteous as Jerusalem at gold and silver made king the And 2Chr.1:15
Jerusalem. at king the with and cities, chariot the in placed he which horsemen, thousand twelve and chariots, hundred four and thousand a had he and horsemen: and chariots gathered Solomon And 2Chr.1:14
Israel. over reigned and congregation, the of tabernacle the before from Jerusalem, to Gibeon at was that place high the to journey his from came Solomon Then 2Chr.1:13
like. the have thee after any there shall neither thee, before been have that had have kings the of none as such honour, and wealth, and riches, thee give will I and thee; unto granted is knowledge and Wisdom 2Chr.1:12
king: thee made have I whom over people, my judge mayest thou that thyself, for knowledge and wisdom asked hast but life; long asked hast yet neither enemies, thine of life the nor honour, or wealth, riches, asked not hast thou and heart, thine in was this Because Solomon, to said God And 2Chr.1:11
great? so is that people, thy this judge can who for people: this before in come and out go may I that knowledge, and wisdom now me Give 2Chr.1:10
multitude. in earth the of dust the like people a over king me made hast thou for established: be father my David unto promise thy let God, Lord O Now, 2Chr.1:9
stead. his in reign to me made hast and father, my David unto mercy great shewed hast Thou God, unto said Solomon And 2Chr.1:8
thee. give shall I what Ask him, unto said and Solomon, unto appear God did night that In 2Chr.1:7
it. upon offerings burnt thousand a offered and congregation, the of tabernacle the at was which , Lord the before altar brasen the to thither up went Solomon And 2Chr.1:6
it. unto sought congregation the and Solomon and : Lord the of tabernacle the before put he made, had Hur, of son the Uri, of son the Bezaleel that altar, brasen the Moreover 2Chr.1:5
Jerusalem. at it for tent a pitched had he for it: for prepared had David which place the to Kirjathjearim from up brought David had God of ark the But 2Chr.1:4
wilderness. the in made had Lord the of servant the Moses which God, of congregation the of tabernacle the was there for Gibeon; at was that place high the to went him, with congregation the all and Solomon, So 2Chr.1:3
fathers. the of chief the Israel, all in governor every to and judges, the to and hundreds, of and thousands of captains the to Israel, all unto spake Solomon Then 2Chr.1:2
exceedingly. him magnified and him, with was God his Lord the and kingdom, his in strengthened was David of son the Solomon And 2Chr.1:1
Chronicles 2
countries. the of kingdoms the all over and Israel, over and him, over went that times the and might, his and reign his all With 1Chr.29:30
seer, the Gad of book the in and prophet, the Nathan of book the in and seer, the Samuel of book the in written are they behold, last, and first king, the David of acts the Now 1Chr.29:29
stead. his in reigned son his Solomon and honour: and riches, days, of full age, old good a in died he And 1Chr.29:28
Jerusalem. in he reigned years three and thirty and Hebron, in he reigned years seven years; forty was Israel over reigned he that time the And 1Chr.29:27
Israel. all over reigned Jesse of son the David Thus 1Chr.29:26
Israel. in him before king any on been not had as majesty royal such him upon bestowed and Israel, all of sight the in exceedingly Solomon magnified Lord the And 1Chr.29:25
king. the Solomon unto themselves submitted David, king of likewise sons the all and men, mighty the and princes, the all And 1Chr.29:24
him. obeyed Israel all and prospered; and father, his David of instead king as Lord the of throne the on sat Solomon Then 1Chr.29:23
priest. be to Zadok and governor, chief the be to Lord the unto him anointed and time, second the king David of son the Solomon made they And gladness. great with day that on Lord the before drink and eat did And 1Chr.29:22
Israel: all for abundance in sacrifices and offerings, drink their with lambs, thousand a and rams, thousand a bullocks, thousand a even day, that after morrow the on , Lord the unto offerings burnt offered and , Lord the unto sacrifices sacrificed they And 1Chr.29:21
king. the and , Lord the worshipped and heads, their down bowed and fathers, their of God Lord the blessed congregation the all And God. your Lord the bless Now congregation, the all to said David And 1Chr.29:20
provision. made have I which the for palace, the build to and things, these all do to and statutes, thy and testimonies, thy commandments, thy keep to heart, perfect a son my Solomon unto give And 1Chr.29:19
thee: unto heart their prepare and people, thy of heart the of thoughts the of imagination the in ever for this keep fathers, our Israel, of and Isaac, Abraham, of God Lord O 1Chr.29:18
thee. unto willingly offer to here, present are which people, thy joy with seen I have now and things: these all offered willingly have I heart mine of uprightness the in me, for As uprightness. in pleasure hast and heart, the triest thou that God, my also, know I 1Chr.29:17
own. thine all is and hand, thine of cometh name holy thine for house an thee build to prepared have we that store this all God, our Lord O 1Chr.29:16
abiding. none is there and shadow, a as are earth the on days our fathers: our all were as sojourners, and thee, before strangers are we For 1Chr.29:15
thee. given we have own thine of and thee, of come things all for sort? this after willingly so offer to able be should we that people, my is what and I, am who But 1Chr.29:14
name. glorious thy praise and thee, thank we God, our therefore, Now 1Chr.29:13
all. unto strength give to and great, make to is it hand thine in and might; and power is hand thine in and all; over reignest thou and thee, of come honour and riches Both 1Chr.29:12
all. above head as exalted art thou and , Lord O kingdom, the is thine thine; is earth the in and heaven the in is that all for majesty: the and victory, the and glory, the and power, the and greatness, the is Lord O Thine, 1Chr.29:11
ever. and ever for father, our Israel of God Lord thou, be Blessed said, David and congregation: the all before Lord the blessed David Wherefore 1Chr.29:10
joy. great with rejoiced also king the David and : Lord the to willingly offered they heart perfect with because willingly, offered they that for rejoiced, people the Then 1Chr.29:9
Gershonite. the Jehiel of hand the by , Lord the of house the of treasure the to them gave found were stones precious whom with they And 1Chr.29:8
iron. of talents thousand hundred one and talents, thousand eighteen brass of and talents, thousand ten silver of and drams, thousand ten and talents thousand five gold of God of house the of service the for gave And 1Chr.29:7
willingly, offered work, king's the of rulers the with hundreds, of and thousands of captains the and Israel of tribes the of princes and fathers the of chief the Then 1Chr.29:6
? Lord the unto day this service his consecrate to willing is then who And artificers. of hands the by made be to work of manner all for and silver, of things for silver the and gold, of things for gold The 1Chr.29:5
withal: houses the of walls the overlay to silver, refined of talents thousand seven and Ophir, of gold the of gold, of talents thousand three Even 1Chr.29:4
house. holy the for prepared have I that all above and over God, my of house the to given have I which silver, and gold of good, proper own mine of have I God, my of house the to affection my set have I because Moreover, 1Chr.29:3
abundance. in stones marble and stones, precious of manner all and colours, divers of and stones, glistering set, be to stones and stones, onyx wood; of things for wood and iron, of things for iron the brass, of things for brass the and silver, of things for silver the and gold, of made be to things for gold the God my of house the for might my all with prepared have I Now 1Chr.29:2
God. Lord the for but man, for not is palace the for great: is work the and tender, and young yet is chosen, hath God alone whom son, my Solomon congregation, the all unto said king the David Furthermore 1Chr.29:1
commandment. thy at wholly be will people the all and princes the also service: of manner any for man, skilful willing every workmanship of manner all for thee with be shall there and God: of house the of service the all for thee with be shall they even Levites, the and priests the of courses the behold, And, 1Chr.28:21
. Lord the of house the of service the for work the all finished hast thou until thee, forsake nor thee, fail not will he thee; with be will God, my even God, Lord the for dismayed: be nor not, fear it: do and courage, good of and strong Be son, his Solomon to said David And 1Chr.28:20
pattern. this of works the all even me, upon hand his by writing in understand me made Lord the David, said this, All 1Chr.28:19
. Lord the of covenant the of ark the covered and wings, their out spread that cherubims, the of chariot the of pattern the for gold and weight; by gold refined incense of altar the for And 1Chr.28:18
silver: of bason every for weight by silver likewise and bason; every for weight by gold gave he basons golden the for and cups: the and bowls, the and fleshhooks, the for gold pure Also 1Chr.28:17
silver: of tables the for silver likewise and table; every for shewbread, of tables the for gold gave he weight by And 1Chr.28:16
candlestick. every of use the to according thereof, lamps the for also and candlestick, the for both weight, by silver of candlesticks the for and thereof: lamps the for and candlestick, every for weight by gold, of lamps their for and gold, of candlesticks the for weight the Even 1Chr.28:15
service: of kind every of instruments all for weight, by silver of instruments all for also silver service; of manner all of instruments all for gold, of things for weight by gold of gave He 1Chr.28:14
. Lord the of house the in service of vessels the all for and , Lord the of house the of service the of work the all for and Levites, the and priests the of courses the for Also 1Chr.28:13
things: dedicated the of treasuries the of and God, of house the of treasuries the of about, round chambers the all of and , Lord the of house the of courts the of spirit, the by had he that all of pattern the And 1Chr.28:12
seat, mercy the of place the of and thereof, parlours inner the of and thereof, chambers upper the of and thereof, treasuries the of and thereof, houses the of and porch, the of pattern the son his Solomon to gave David Then 1Chr.28:11
it. do and strong, be sanctuary: the for house an build to thee chosen hath Lord the for now; heed Take 1Chr.28:10
ever. for off thee cast will he him, forsake thou if but thee; of found be will he him, seek thou if thoughts: the of imaginations the all understandeth and hearts, all searcheth Lord the for mind: willing a with and heart perfect a with him serve and father, thy of God the thou know son, my Solomon thou, And 1Chr.28:9
ever. for you after children your for inheritance an for it leave and land, good this possess may ye that God: your Lord the of commandments the all for seek and keep God, our of audience the in and , Lord the of congregation the Israel all of sight the in therefore Now 1Chr.28:8
day. this at as judgments, my and commandments my do to constant be he if ever, for kingdom his establish will I Moreover 1Chr.28:7
father. his be will I and son, my be to him chosen have I for courts: my and house my build shall he son, thy Solomon me, unto said he And 1Chr.28:6
Israel. over Lord the of kingdom the of throne the upon sit to son my Solomon chosen hath he sons,) many me given hath Lord the (for sons, my all of And 1Chr.28:5
Israel: all over king me make to me liked he father my of sons the among and father; my of house the Judah, of house the of and ruler; the be to Judah chosen hath he for ever: for Israel over king be to father my of house the all before me chose Israel of God Lord the Howbeit 1Chr.28:4
blood. shed hast and war, of man a been hast thou because name, my for house an build not shalt Thou me, unto said God But 1Chr.28:3
building: the for ready made had and God, our of footstool the for and , Lord the of covenant the of ark the for rest of house an build to heart mine in had I me, for As people: my and brethren, my me, Hear said, and feet, his upon up stood king the David Then 1Chr.28:2
Jerusalem. unto men, valiant the all with and men, mighty the with and officers, the with sons, his of and king, the of possession and substance the all over stewards the and hundreds, the over captains and thousands, the over captains the and course, by king the to ministered that companies the of captains the and tribes, the of princes the Israel, of princes the all assembled David And 1Chr.28:1
Joab. was army king's the of general the and Abiathar: and Benaiah, of son the Jehoiada was Ahithophel after And 1Chr.27:34
companion: king's the was Archite the Hushai and counsellor: king's the was Ahithophel And 1Chr.27:33
sons: king's the with was Hachmoni of son the Jehiel and scribe: a and man, wise a counsellor, a was uncle David's Jonathan Also 1Chr.27:32
David's. king was which substance the of rulers the were these All Hagerite. the Jaziz was flocks the over And 1Chr.27:31
Meronothite: the Jehdeiah was asses the over and Ishmaelite: the Obil was also camels the Over 1Chr.27:30
Adlai: of son the Shaphat was valleys the in were that herds the over and Sharonite: the Shitrai was Sharon in fed that herds the over And 1Chr.27:29
Joash: was oil of cellars the over and Gederite: the Baalhanan was plains low the in were that trees sycomore the and trees olive the over And 1Chr.27:28
Shiphmite: the Zabdi was cellars wine the for vineyards the of increase the over Ramathite: the Shimei was vineyards the over And 1Chr.27:27
Chelub: of son the Ezri was ground the of tillage for field the of work the did that them over And 1Chr.27:26
Uzziah: of son the Jehonathan was castles, the in and villages, the in and cities, the in fields, the in storehouses the over and Adiel: of son the Azmaveth was treasures king's the over And 1Chr.27:25
David. king of chronicles the of account the in put number the was neither Israel; against it for wrath fell there because not, finished he but number, to began Zeruiah of son the Joab 1Chr.27:24
heavens. the of stars the to like Israel increase would he said had Lord the because under: and old years twenty from them of number the not took David But 1Chr.27:23
Israel. of tribes the of princes the were These Jeroham. of son the Azareel Dan, Of 1Chr.27:22
Abner: of son the Jaasiel Benjamin, of Zechariah: of son the Iddo Gilead, in Manasseh of tribe half the Of 1Chr.27:21
Pedaiah: of son the Joel Manasseh, of tribe half the of Azaziah: of son the Hoshea Ephraim, of children the Of 1Chr.27:20
Azriel: of son the Jerimoth Naphtali, of Obadiah: of son the Ishmaiah Zebulun, Of 1Chr.27:19
Michael: of son the Omri Issachar, of David: of brethren the of one Elihu, Judah, Of 1Chr.27:18
Zadok: Aaronites, the of Kemuel: of son the Hashabiah Levites, the Of 1Chr.27:17
Maachah: of son the Shephatiah Simeonites, the of Zichri: of son the Eliezer was Reubenites the of ruler the Israel: of tribes the over Furthermore 1Chr.27:16
thousand. four and twenty were course his in and Othniel: of Netophathite, the Heldai was month twelfth the for captain twelfth The 1Chr.27:15
thousand. four and twenty were course his in and Ephraim: of children the of Pirathonite, the Benaiah was month eleventh the for captain eleventh The 1Chr.27:14
thousand. four and twenty were course his in and Zarhites: the of Netophathite, the Maharai was month tenth the for captain tenth The 1Chr.27:13
thousand. four and twenty were course his in and Benjamites: the of Anetothite, the Abiezer was month ninth the for captain ninth The 1Chr.27:12
thousand. four and twenty were course his in and Zarhites: the of Hushathite, the Sibbecai was month eighth the for captain eighth The 1Chr.27:11
thousand. four and twenty were course his in and Ephraim: of children the of Pelonite, the Helez was month seventh the for captain seventh The 1Chr.27:10
thousand. four and twenty were course his in and Tekoite: the Ikkesh of son the Ira was month sixth the for captain sixth The 1Chr.27:9
thousand. four and twenty were course his in and Izrahite: the Shamhuth was month fifth the for captain fifth The 1Chr.27:8
thousand. four and twenty were course his in and him: after son his Zebadiah and Joab, of brother the Asahel was month fourth the for captain fourth The 1Chr.27:7
son. his Ammizabad was course his in and thirty: the above and thirty, the among mighty was who Benaiah, that is This 1Chr.27:6
thousand. four and twenty were course his in and priest: chief a Jehoiada, of son the Benaiah was month third the for host the of captain third The 1Chr.27:5
thousand. four and twenty were likewise course his in ruler: the also Mikloth was course his of and Ahohite, an Dodai was month second the of course the over And 1Chr.27:4
month. first the for host the of captains the all of chief the was Perez of children the Of 1Chr.27:3
thousand. four and twenty were course his in and Zabdiel: of son the Jashobeam was month first the for course first the Over 1Chr.27:2
thousand. four and twenty were course every of year, the of months the all throughout month by month out went and in came which courses, the of matter any in king the served that officers their and hundreds, and thousands of captains and fathers chief the wit, to number, their after Israel of children the Now 1Chr.27:1
king. the of affairs and God, to pertaining matter every for Manasseh, of tribe half the and Gadites, the Reubenites, the over rulers made David king whom fathers, chief hundred seven and thousand two were valour, of men brethren, his And 1Chr.26:32
Gilead. of Jazer at valour of men mighty them among found were there and for, sought were they David of reign the of year fortieth the In fathers. his of generations the to according Hebronites, the among even chief, the Jerijah was Hebronites the Among 1Chr.26:31
king. the of service the in and , Lord the of business the all in westward Jordan side this on Israel of them among officers were hundred, seven and thousand a valour, of men brethren, his and Hashabiah Hebronites, the of And 1Chr.26:30
judges. and officers for Israel, over business outward the for were sons his and Chenaniah Izharites, the Of 1Chr.26:29
brethren. his of and Shelomith, of hand the under was it thing, any dedicated had whosoever and dedicated; had Zeruiah, of son the Joab and Ner, of son the Abner and Kish, of son the Saul and seer, the Samuel that all And 1Chr.26:28
. Lord the of house the maintain to dedicate they did battles in won spoils the of Out 1Chr.26:27
dedicated. had host, the of captains the and hundreds, and thousands over captains the fathers, chief the and king, the David which things, dedicated the of treasures the all over were brethren his and Shelomith Which 1Chr.26:26
son. his Shelomith and son, his Zichri and son, his Joram and son, his Jeshaiah and son, his Rehabiah Eliezer; by brethren his And 1Chr.26:25
treasures. the of ruler was Moses, of son the Gershom, of son the Shebuel And 1Chr.26:24
Uzzielites: the and Hebronites, the Izharites, the and Amramites, the Of 1Chr.26:23
. Lord the of house the of treasures the over were which brother, his Joel and Zetham, Jehieli; of sons The 1Chr.26:22
Jehieli. were Gershonite, the Laadan of even fathers, chief Laadan, Gershonite the of sons the Laadan; of sons the concerning As 1Chr.26:21
things. dedicated the of treasures the over and God, of house the of treasures the over was Ahijah Levites, the of And 1Chr.26:20
Merari. of sons the among and Kore, of sons the among porters the of divisions the are These 1Chr.26:19
Parbar. at two and causeway, the at four westward, Parbar At 1Chr.26:18
two. and two Asuppim toward and day, a four southward day, a four northward Levites, six were Eastward 1Chr.26:17
ward. against ward up, going the of causeway the by Shallecheth, gate the with westward, forth came lot the Hosah and Shuppim To 1Chr.26:16
Asuppim. of house the sons his to and southward; Obededom To 1Chr.26:15
northward. out came lot his and lots; cast they counsellor, wise a son, his Zechariah for Then Shelemiah. to fell eastward lot the And 1Chr.26:14
gate. every for fathers, their of house the to according great, the as small the well as lots, cast they And 1Chr.26:13
. Lord the of house the in minister to another, against one wards having men, chief the among even porters, the of divisions the were these Among 1Chr.26:12
thirteen. were Hosah of brethren and sons the all fourth: the Zechariah third, the Tebaliah second, the Hilkiah 1Chr.26:11
chief;) the him made father his yet firstborn, the not was he though (for chief, the Simri sons; had Merari, of children the of Hosah, Also 1Chr.26:10
eighteen. men, strong brethren, and sons had Meshelemiah And 1Chr.26:9
Obededom. of two and threescore were service, the for strength for men able brethren, their and sons their and they Obededom: of sons the of these All 1Chr.26:8
Semachiah. and Elihu, men, strong were brethren whose Elzabad, Obed, and Rephael, and Othni, Shemaiah; of sons The 1Chr.26:7
valour. of men mighty were they for father: their of house the throughout ruled that born, sons were son his Shemaiah unto Also 1Chr.26:6
him. blessed God for eighth: the Peulthai seventh, the Issachar sixth, the Ammiel 1Chr.26:5
fifth. the Nethaneel and fourth, the Sacar and third, the Joah second, the Jehozabad firstborn, the Shemaiah were, Obededom of sons the Moreover 1Chr.26:4
seventh. the Elioenai sixth, the Jehohanan fifth, the Elam 1Chr.26:3
fourth, the Jathniel third, the Zebadiah second, the Jediael firstborn, the Zechariah were, Meshelemiah of sons the And 1Chr.26:2
Asaph. of sons the of Kore, of son the Meshelemiah was Korhites the Of porters: the of divisions the Concerning 1Chr.26:1
twelve. were brethren, his and sons, his he, Romamtiezer, to twentieth and four The 1Chr.25:31
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Mahazioth, to twentieth and three The 1Chr.25:30
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Giddalti, to twentieth and two The 1Chr.25:29
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Hothir, to twentieth and one The 1Chr.25:28
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Eliathah, to twentieth The 1Chr.25:27
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Mallothi, to nineteenth The 1Chr.25:26
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Hanani, to eighteenth The 1Chr.25:25
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Joshbekashah, to seventeenth The 1Chr.25:24
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Hananiah, to sixteenth The 1Chr.25:23
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Jeremoth, to fifteenth The 1Chr.25:22
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Mattithiah, to fourteenth The 1Chr.25:21
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Shubael, to thirteenth The 1Chr.25:20
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Hashabiah, to twelfth The 1Chr.25:19
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Azareel, to eleventh The 1Chr.25:18
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Shimei, to tenth The 1Chr.25:17
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Mattaniah, to ninth The 1Chr.25:16
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Jeshaiah, to eighth The 1Chr.25:15
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Jesharelah, to seventh The 1Chr.25:14
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Bukkiah, to sixth The 1Chr.25:13
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Nethaniah, to fifth The 1Chr.25:12
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Izri, to fourth The 1Chr.25:11
twelve: were brethren, his and sons, his he, Zaccur, to third The 1Chr.25:10
twelve: were sons and brethren his with who Gedaliah, to second the Joseph: to Asaph for forth came lot first the Now 1Chr.25:9
scholar. the as teacher the great, the as small the well as ward, against ward lots, cast they And 1Chr.25:8
eight. and fourscore hundred two was cunning, were that all even , Lord the of songs the in instructed were that brethren their with them, of number the So 1Chr.25:7
Heman. and Jeduthun, Asaph, to order king's the to according God, of house the of service the for harps, and psalteries, cymbals, with , Lord the of house the in song for father their of hands the under were these All 1Chr.25:6
daughters. three and sons fourteen Heman to gave God And horn. the up lift to God, of words the in seer king's the Heman of sons the were these All 1Chr.25:5
Mahazioth: and Hothir, Mallothi, Joshbekashah, Romamtiezer, and Giddalti, Eliathah, Hanani, Hananiah, Jerimoth, and Shebuel, Uzziel, Mattaniah, Bukkiah, Heman: of sons the Heman: Of 1Chr.25:4
. Lord the praise to and thanks give to harp, a with prophesied who Jeduthun, father their of hands the under six, Mattithiah, and Hashabiah, Jeshaiah, and Zeri, and Gedaliah, Jeduthun; of sons the Jeduthun: Of 1Chr.25:3
king. the of order the to according prophesied which Asaph, of hands the under Asaph of sons the Asarelah, and Nethaniah, and Joseph, and Zaccur, Asaph; of sons the Of 1Chr.25:2
was: service their to according workmen the of number the and cymbals: with and psalteries, with harps, with prophesy should who Jeduthun, of and Heman, of and Asaph, of sons the of service the to separated host the of captains the and David Moreover 1Chr.25:1
brethren. younger their against over fathers principal the even Levites, and priests the of fathers the of chief the and Ahimelech, and Zadok, and king, the David of presence the in Aaron of sons the brethren their against over lots cast likewise These 1Chr.24:31
fathers. their of house the after Levites the of sons the were These Jerimoth. and Eder, and Mahli, Mushi; of also sons The 1Chr.24:30
Jerahmeel. was Kish of son the Kish: Concerning 1Chr.24:29
sons. no had who Eleazar, came Mahli Of 1Chr.24:28
Ibri. and Zaccur, and Shoham, and Beno, Jaaziah; by Merari of sons The 1Chr.24:27
Beno. Jaaziah; of sons the Mushi: and Mahli were Merari of sons The 1Chr.24:26
Zechariah. Isshiah; of sons the of Isshiah: was Michah of brother The 1Chr.24:25
Shamir. Michah; of sons the of Michah: Uzziel; of sons the Of 1Chr.24:24
fourth. the Jekameam third, the Jahaziel second, the Amariah first, the Jeriah Hebron; of sons the And 1Chr.24:23
Jahath. Shelomoth; of sons the of Shelomoth: Izharites; the Of 1Chr.24:22
Isshiah. was first the Rehabiah, of sons the of Rehabiah: Concerning 1Chr.24:21
Jehdeiah. Shubael; of sons the of Shubael: Amram; of sons the Of these: were Levi of sons the of rest the And 1Chr.24:20
him. commanded had Israel of God Lord the as father, their Aaron under manner, their to according , Lord the of house the into come to service their in them of orderings the were These 1Chr.24:19
Maaziah. to twentieth and four the Delaiah, to twentieth and three The 1Chr.24:18
Gamul, to twentieth and two the Jachin, to twentieth and one The 1Chr.24:17
Jehezekel, to twentieth the Pethahiah, to nineteenth The 1Chr.24:16
Aphses, to eighteenth the Hezir, to seventeenth The 1Chr.24:15
Immer, to sixteenth the Bilgah, to fifteenth The 1Chr.24:14
Jeshebeab, to fourteenth the Huppah, to thirteenth The 1Chr.24:13
Jakim, to twelfth the Eliashib, to eleventh The 1Chr.24:12
Shecaniah, to tenth the Jeshuah, to ninth The 1Chr.24:11
Abijah, to eighth the Hakkoz, to seventh The 1Chr.24:10
Mijamin, to sixth the Malchijah, to fifth The 1Chr.24:9
Seorim, to fourth the Harim, to third The 1Chr.24:8
Jedaiah, to second the Jehoiarib, to forth came lot first the Now 1Chr.24:7
Ithamar. for taken one and Eleazar, for taken being household principal one Levites: and priests the of fathers the of chief the before and Abiathar, of son the Ahimelech and priest, the Zadok and princes, the and king, the before them wrote Levites, the of one scribe, the Nethaneel of son the Shemaiah And 1Chr.24:6
Ithamar. of sons the of and Eleazar, of sons the of were God, of house the of governors and sanctuary, the of governors the for another; with sort one lot, by divided they were Thus 1Chr.24:5
fathers. their of house the to according Ithamar of sons the among eight and fathers, their of house the of men chief sixteen were there Eleazar of sons the Among divided. they were thus and Ithamar, of sons the of than Eleazar of sons the of found men chief more were there And 1Chr.24:4
service. their in offices their to according Ithamar, of sons the of Ahimelech and Eleazar, of sons the of Zadok both them, distributed David And 1Chr.24:3
office. priest's the executed Ithamar and Eleazar therefore children: no had and father, their before died Abihu and Nadab But 1Chr.24:2
Ithamar. and Eleazar, Abihu, and Nadab, Aaron; of sons The Aaron. of sons the of divisions the are these Now 1Chr.24:1
. Lord the of house the of service the in brethren, their Aaron of sons the of charge the and place, holy the of charge the and congregation, the of tabernacle the of charge the keep should they that And 1Chr.23:32
: Lord the before continually them, unto commanded order the to according number, by feasts, set the on and moons, new the in sabbaths, the in Lord the unto sacrifices burnt all offer to And 1Chr.23:31
even: at likewise and , Lord the praise and thank to morning every stand to And 1Chr.23:30
size; and measure of manner all for and fried, is which that for and pan, the in baked is which that for and cakes, unleavened the for and offering, meat for flour fine the for and shewbread, the for Both 1Chr.23:29
God; of house the of service the of work the and things, holy all of purifying the in and chambers, the in and courts, the in , Lord the of house the of service the for Aaron of sons the on wait to was office their Because 1Chr.23:28
above: and old years twenty from numbered were Levites the David of words last the by For 1Chr.23:27
thereof. service the for it of vessels any nor tabernacle, the carry more no shall they Levites; the unto also And 1Chr.23:26
ever: for Jerusalem in dwell may they that people, his unto rest given hath Israel of God Lord The said, David For 1Chr.23:25
upward. and years twenty of age the from , Lord the of house the of service the for work the did that polls, their by names of number by counted were they as fathers, the of chief the even fathers; their of house the after Levi of sons the were These 1Chr.23:24
three. Jeremoth, and Eder, and Mahli, Mushi; of sons The 1Chr.23:23
them. took Kish of sons the brethren their and daughters: but sons, no had and died, Eleazar And 1Chr.23:22
Kish. and Eleazar, Mahli; of sons The Mushi. and Mahli, Merari; of sons The 1Chr.23:21
second. the Jesiah and first the Micah Uzziel; of sons the Of 1Chr.23:20
fourth. the Jekameam and third, the Jahaziel second, the Amariah first, the Jeriah Hebron; of sons the Of 1Chr.23:19
chief. the Shelomith Izhar; of sons the Of 1Chr.23:18
many. very were Rehabiah of sons the but sons; other none had Eliezer And chief. the Rehabiah were, Eliezer of sons the And 1Chr.23:17
chief. the was Shebuel Gershom, of sons the Of 1Chr.23:16
Eliezer. and Gershom, were, Moses of sons The 1Chr.23:15
Levi. of tribe the of named were sons his God, of man the Moses concerning Now 1Chr.23:14
ever. for name his in bless to and him, unto minister to , Lord the before incense burn to ever, for sons his and he things, holy most the sanctify should he that separated, was Aaron and Moses: and Aaron Amram; of sons The 1Chr.23:13
four. Uzziel, and Hebron, Izhar, Amram, Kohath; of sons The 1Chr.23:12
house. father's their to according reckoning, one in were they therefore sons; many not had Beriah and Jeush but second: the Zizah and chief, the was Jahath And 1Chr.23:11
Shimei. of sons the were four These Beriah. and Jeush, and Zina, Jahath, were, Shimei of sons the And 1Chr.23:10
Laadan. of fathers the of chief the were These three. Haran, and Haziel, and Shelomith, Shimei; of sons The 1Chr.23:9
three. Joel, and Zetham, and Jehiel, was chief the Laadan; of sons The 1Chr.23:8
Shimei. and Laadan, were, Gershonites the Of 1Chr.23:7
Merari. and Kohath, Gershon, namely, Levi, of sons the among courses into them divided David And 1Chr.23:6
therewith. praise to David, said made, I which instruments the with Lord the praised thousand four and porters; were thousand four Moreover 1Chr.23:5
judges: and officers were thousand six and ; Lord the of house the of work the forward set to were thousand four and twenty which, Of 1Chr.23:4
thousand. eight and thirty was man, by man polls, their by number their and upward: and years thirty of age the from numbered were Levites the Now 1Chr.23:3
Levites. the and priests the with Israel, of princes the all together gathered he And 1Chr.23:2
Israel. over king son his Solomon made he days, of full and old was David when So 1Chr.23:1
. Lord the of name the to built be to is that house the into God, of vessels holy the and , Lord the of covenant the of ark the bring to God, Lord the of sanctuary the ye build and therefore, arise God; your Lord the seek to soul your and heart your set Now 1Chr.22:19
people. his before and , Lord the before subdued is land the and hand; mine into land the of inhabitants the given hath he for side? every on rest you given not he hath and you? with God your Lord the not Is 1Chr.22:18
saying, son, his Solomon help to Israel of princes the all commanded also David 1Chr.22:17
thee. with be Lord the and doing, be and therefore, Arise number. no is there iron, the and brass, the and silver, the gold, the Of 1Chr.22:16
work. of manner every for men cunning of manner all and timber, and stone of workers and hewers abundance, in thee with workmen are there Moreover 1Chr.22:15
thereto. add mayest thou and prepared; I have stone and also timber abundance: in is it for weight; without iron and brass of and silver; of talents thousand thousand a and gold, of talents thousand hundred an Lord the of house the for prepared have I trouble my in behold, Now, 1Chr.22:14
dismayed. be nor not, dread courage; good of and strong, be Israel: concerning with Moses charged Lord the which judgments and statutes the fulfil to heed takest thou if prosper, thou shalt Then 1Chr.22:13
God. thy Lord the of law the keep mayest thou that Israel, concerning charge thee give and understanding, and wisdom thee give Lord the Only 1Chr.22:12
thee. of said hath he as God, thy Lord the of house the build and thou, prosper and thee; with be Lord the son, my Now, 1Chr.22:11
ever. for Israel over kingdom his of throne the establish will I and father; his be will I and son, my be shall he and name; my for house an build shall He 1Chr.22:10
days. his in Israel unto quietness and peace give will I and Solomon, be shall name his for about: round enemies his all from rest him give will I and rest; of man a be shall who thee, to born be shall son a Behold, 1Chr.22:9
sight. my in earth the upon blood much shed hast thou because name, my unto house an build not shalt thou wars: great made hast and abundantly, blood shed hast Thou saying, me, to came Lord the of word the But 1Chr.22:8
God: my Lord the of name the unto house an build to mind my in was it me, for as son, My Solomon, to said David And 1Chr.22:7
Israel. of God Lord the for house an build to him charged and son, his Solomon for called he Then 1Chr.22:6
death. his before abundantly prepared David So it. for preparation make now therefore will I countries: all throughout glory of and fame of magnifical, exceeding be must Lord the for builded be to is that house the and tender, and young is son my Solomon said, David And 1Chr.22:5
David. to wood cedar much brought Tyre of they and Zidonians the for abundance: in trees cedar Also 1Chr.22:4
weight; without abundance in brass and joinings; the for and gates, the of doors the for nails the for abundance in iron prepared David And 1Chr.22:3
God. of house the build to stones wrought hew to masons set he and Israel; of land the in were that strangers the together gather to commanded David And 1Chr.22:2
Israel. for offering burnt the of altar the is this and God, Lord the of house the is This said, David Then 1Chr.22:1
. Lord the of angel the of sword the of because afraid was he for God: of enquire to it before go not could David But 1Chr.21:30
Gibeon. at place high the in season that at were offering, burnt the of altar the and wilderness, the in made Moses which , Lord the of tabernacle the For 1Chr.21:29
there. sacrificed he then Jebusite, the Ornan of threshingfloor the in him answered had Lord the that saw David when time that At 1Chr.21:28
thereof. sheath the into again sword his up put he and angel; the commanded Lord the And 1Chr.21:27
offering. burnt of altar the upon fire by heaven from him answered he and ; Lord the upon called and offerings, peace and offerings burnt offered and , Lord the unto altar an there built David And 1Chr.21:26
weight. by gold of shekels hundred six place the for Ornan to gave David So 1Chr.21:25
cost. without offerings burnt offer nor , Lord the for thine is which that take not will I for price: full the for it buy verily will I but Nay; Ornan, to said David king And 1Chr.21:24
all. it give I offering; meat the for wheat the and wood, for instruments threshing the and offerings, burnt for also oxen the thee give I lo, eyes: his in good is which that do king the lord my let and thee, to it Take David, unto said Ornan And 1Chr.21:23
people. the from stayed be may plague the that price: full the for me it grant shalt thou : Lord the unto therein altar an build may I that threshingfloor, this of place the me Grant Ornan, to said David Then 1Chr.21:22
ground. the to face his with David to himself bowed and threshingfloor, the of out went and David, saw and looked Ornan Ornan, to came David as And 1Chr.21:21
wheat. threshing was Ornan Now themselves. hid him with sons four his and angel; the saw and back, turned Ornan And 1Chr.21:20
. Lord the of name the in spake he which Gad, of saying the at up went David And 1Chr.21:19
Jebusite. the Ornan of threshingfloor the in Lord the unto altar an up set and up, go should David that David, to say to Gad commanded Lord the of angel the Then 1Chr.21:18
plagued. be should they that people, thy on not but house; father's my on and me, on be God, my Lord O thee, pray I hand, thine let done? they have what sheep, these for as but indeed; evil done and sinned have that is it I even numbered? be to people the commanded that I not it Is God, unto said David And 1Chr.21:17
faces. their upon fell sackcloth, in clothed were who Israel, of elders the and David Then Jerusalem. over out stretched hand his in sword drawn a having heaven, the and earth the between stand Lord the of angel the saw and eyes, his up lifted David And 1Chr.21:16
Jebusite. the Ornan of threshingfloor the by stood Lord the of angel the And hand. thine now stay enough, is It destroyed, that angel the to said and evil, the of him repented he and beheld, Lord the destroying, was he as and it: destroy to Jerusalem unto angel an sent God And 1Chr.21:15
men. thousand seventy Israel of fell there and Israel: upon pestilence sent Lord the So 1Chr.21:14
man. of hand the into fall not me let but mercies: his are great very for ; Lord the of hand the into now fall me let strait: great a in am I Gad, unto said David And 1Chr.21:13
me. sent that him to again bring shall I word what thyself advise therefore Now Israel. of coasts the all throughout destroying Lord the of angel the and land, the in pestilence, the even , Lord the of sword the days three else or thee; overtaketh enemies thine of sword the that while foes, thy before destroyed be to months three or famine; years' three Either 1Chr.21:12
thee Choose , Lord the saith Thus him, unto said and David, to came Gad So 1Chr.21:11
thee. unto it do may I that them, of one thee choose things: three thee offer I , Lord the saith Thus saying, David, tell and Go 1Chr.21:10
saying, seer, David's Gad, unto spake Lord the And 1Chr.21:9
foolishly. very done have I for servant; thy of iniquity the away do thee, beseech I now, but thing: this done have I because greatly, sinned have I God, unto said David And 1Chr.21:8
Israel. smote he therefore thing; this with displeased was God And 1Chr.21:7
Joab. to abominable was word king's the for them: among not he counted Benjamin and Levi But 1Chr.21:6
sword. drew that men thousand ten and threescore hundred four was Judah and sword: drew that men thousand hundred an and thousand thousand a were Israel of they all And David. unto people the of number the of sum the gave Joab And 1Chr.21:5
Jerusalem. to came and Israel, all throughout went and departed, Joab Wherefore Joab. against prevailed word king's the Nevertheless 1Chr.21:4
Israel? to trespass of cause a be he will why thing? this require lord my doth then why servants? lord's my all not they are king, the lord my but, be: they as more many so times hundred an people his make Lord The answered, Joab And 1Chr.21:3
it. know may I that me, to them of number the bring and Dan; to even Beersheba from Israel number Go, people, the of rulers the to and Joab to said David And 1Chr.21:2
Israel. number to David provoked and Israel, against up stood Satan And 1Chr.21:1
servants. his of hand the by and David, of hand the by fell they and Gath; in giant the unto born were These 1Chr.20:8
him. slew brother David's Shimea of son the Jonathan Israel, defied he when But 1Chr.20:7
giant. the of son the was also he and foot each on six and hand, each on six twenty, and four were toes and fingers whose stature, great of man a was where Gath, at war was there again yet And 1Chr.20:6
beam. weaver's a like was staff spear whose Gittite, the Goliath of brother the Lahmi slew Jair of son the Elhanan and Philistines; the with again war was there And 1Chr.20:5
subdued. were they and giant: the of children the of was that Sippai, slew Hushathite the Sibbechai time which at Philistines; the with Gezer at war arose there that this, after pass to came it And 1Chr.20:4
Jerusalem. to returned people the all and David And Ammon. of children the of cities the all with David dealt so Even axes. with and iron, of harrows with and saws, with them cut and it, in were that people the out brought he And 1Chr.20:3
city. the of out spoil much exceeding also brought he and head: David's upon set was it and it; in stones precious were there and gold, of talent a weigh to it found and head, his off from king their of crown the took David And 1Chr.20:2
it. destroyed and Rabbah, smote Joab And Jerusalem. at tarried David But Rabbah. besieged and came and Ammon, of children the of country the wasted and army, the of power the forth led Joab battle, to out go kings that time the at expired, was year the after that pass, to came it And 1Chr.20:1
more. any Ammon of children the help Syrians the would neither servants: his became and David, with peace made they Israel, before worse the to put were they that saw Hadarezer of servants the when And 1Chr.19:19
host. the of captain the Shophach killed and footmen, thousand forty and chariots, in fought which men thousand seven Syrians the of slew David and Israel; before fled Syrians the But 1Chr.19:18
him. with fought they Syrians, the against array in battle the put had David when So them. against array in battle the set and them, upon came and Jordan, over passed and Israel, all gathered he and David; told was it And 1Chr.19:17
them. before went Hadarezer of host the of captain the Shophach and river: the beyond were that Syrians the forth drew and messengers, sent they Israel, before worse the to put were they that saw Syrians the when And 1Chr.19:16
Jerusalem. to came Joab Then city. the into entered and brother, his Abishai before fled likewise they fled, were Syrians the that saw Ammon of children the when And 1Chr.19:15
him. before fled they and battle; the unto Syrians the before nigh drew him with were that people the and Joab So 1Chr.19:14
sight. his in good is which that do Lord the let and God: our of cities the for and people, our for valiantly ourselves behave us let and courage, good of Be 1Chr.19:13
thee. help will I then thee, for strong too be Ammon of children the if but me: help shalt thou then me, for strong too be Syrians the If said, he And 1Chr.19:12
Ammon. of children the against array in themselves set they and brother, his Abishai of hand the unto delivered he people the of rest the And 1Chr.19:11
Syrians. the against array in them put and Israel, of choice the all of out chose he behind, and before him against set was battle the that saw Joab when Now 1Chr.19:10
field. the in themselves by were come were that kings the and city: the of gate the before array in battle the put and out, came Ammon of children the And 1Chr.19:9
men. mighty the of host the all and Joab, sent he it, of heard David when And 1Chr.19:8
battle. to came and cities, their from together themselves gathered Ammon of children the And Medeba. before pitched and came who people; his and Maachah of king the and chariots, thousand two and thirty hired they So 1Chr.19:7
Zobah. of out and Syriamaachah, of out and Mesopotamia, of out horsemen and chariots them hire to silver of talents thousand a sent Ammon of children the and Hanun David, to odious themselves made had they that saw Ammon of children the when And 1Chr.19:6
return. then and grown, be beards your until Jericho at Tarry said, king the And ashamed. greatly were men the for them: meet to sent he And served. were men the how David told and certain, went there Then 1Chr.19:5
away. them sent and buttocks, their by hard midst the in garments their off cut and them, shaved and servants, David's took Hanun Wherefore 1Chr.19:4
land? the out spy to and overthrow, to and search, to for thee unto come servants his not are thee? unto comforters sent hath he that father, thy honour doth David that thou Thinkest Hanun, to said Ammon of children the of princes the But 1Chr.19:3
him. comfort to Hanun, to Ammon of children the of land the into came David of servants the So father. his concerning him comfort to messengers sent David And me. to kindness shewed father his because Nahash, of son the Hanun unto kindness shew will I said, David And 1Chr.19:2
stead. his in reigned son his and died, Ammon of children the of king the Nahash that this, after pass to came it Now 1Chr.19:1
king. the about chief were David of sons the and Pelethites; the and Cherethites the over was Jehoiada of son the Benaiah And 1Chr.18:17
scribe; was Shavsha and priests; the were Abiathar, of son the Abimelech and Ahitub, of son the Zadok And 1Chr.18:16
recorder. Ahilud, of son the Jehoshaphat and host; the over was Zeruiah of son the Joab And 1Chr.18:15
people. his all among justice and judgment executed and Israel, all over reigned David So 1Chr.18:14
went. he whithersoever David preserved Lord the Thus servants. David's became Edomites the all and Edom; in garrisons put he And 1Chr.18:13
thousand. eighteen salt of valley the in Edomites the of slew Zeruiah of son the Abishai Moreover 1Chr.18:12
Amalek. from and Philistines, the from and Ammon, of children the from and Moab, from and Edom, from nations; these all from brought he that gold the and silver the with , Lord the unto dedicated David king also Them 1Chr.18:11
brass. and silver and gold of vessels of manner all him with and Tou;) with war had Hadarezer (for him; smitten and Hadarezer, against fought had he because him, congratulate to and welfare, his of enquire to David, king to son his Hadoram sent He 1Chr.18:10
Zobah; of king Hadarezer of host the all smitten had David how heard Hamath of king Tou when Now 1Chr.18:9
brass. of vessels the and pillars, the and sea, brasen the made Solomon wherewith brass, much very David brought Hadarezer, of cities Chun, from and Tibhath, from Likewise 1Chr.18:8
Jerusalem. to them brought and Hadarezer, of servants the on were that gold of shields the took David And 1Chr.18:7
went. he whithersoever David preserved Lord the Thus gifts. brought and servants, David's became Syrians the and Syriadamascus; in garrisons put David Then 1Chr.18:6
men. thousand twenty and two Syrians the of slew David Zobah, of king Hadarezer help to came Damascus of Syrians the when And 1Chr.18:5
chariots. hundred an them of reserved but horses, chariot the all houghed also David footmen: thousand twenty and horsemen, thousand seven and chariots, thousand a him from took David And 1Chr.18:4
Euphrates. river the by dominion his stablish to went he as Hamath, unto Zobah of king Hadarezer smote David And 1Chr.18:3
gifts. brought and servants, David's became Moabites the and Moab; smote he And 1Chr.18:2
Philistines. the of hand the of out towns her and Gath took and them, subdued and Philistines, the smote David that pass, to came it this after Now 1Chr.18:1
ever. for blessed be shall it and , Lord O blessest, thou for ever: for thee before be may it that servant, thy of house the bless to thee please it let therefore Now 1Chr.17:27
servant: thy unto goodness this promised hast and God, art thou , Lord now, And 1Chr.17:26
thee. before pray to heart his in found hath servant thy therefore house: an him build wilt thou that servant thy told hast God, my O thou, For 1Chr.17:25
thee. before established be servant thy David of house the let and Israel: to God a even Israel, of God the is hosts of Lord The saying, ever, for magnified be may name thy that established, be even it Let 1Chr.17:24
said. hast thou as do and ever, for established be house his concerning and servant thy concerning spoken hast thou that thing the let , Lord now, Therefore 1Chr.17:23
God. their becamest , Lord thou, and ever; for people own thine make thou didst Israel people thy For 1Chr.17:22
Egypt? of out redeemed hast thou whom people thy before from nations out driving by terribleness, and greatness of name a thee make to people, own his be to redeem to went God whom Israel, people thy like is earth the in nation one what And 1Chr.17:21
ears. our with heard have we that all to according thee, beside God any there is neither thee, like none is there , Lord O 1Chr.17:20
things. great these all known making in greatness, this all done thou hast heart, own thine to according and sake, servant's thy for , Lord O 1Chr.17:19
servant. thy knowest thou for servant? thy of honour the for thee to more speak David can What 1Chr.17:18
God. Lord O degree, high of man a of estate the to according me regarded hast and come, to while great a for house servant's thy of spoken also hast thou for God; O eyes, thine in thing small a was this yet And 1Chr.17:17
hitherto? me brought hast thou that house, mine is what and God, Lord O I, am Who said, and , Lord the before sat and came king the David And 1Chr.17:16
David. unto speak Nathan did so vision, this all to according and words, these all to According 1Chr.17:15
evermore. for established be shall throne his and ever: for kingdom my in and house mine in him settle will I But 1Chr.17:14
thee: before was that him from it took I as him, from away mercy my take not will I and son: my be shall he and father, his be will I 1Chr.17:13
ever. for throne his stablish will I and house, an me build shall He 1Chr.17:12
kingdom. his establish will I and sons; thy of be shall which thee, after seed thy up raise will I that fathers, thy with be to go must thou that expired be days thy when pass, to come shall it And 1Chr.17:11
house. an thee build will Lord the that thee tell I Furthermore enemies. thine all subdue will I Moreover Israel. people my over be to judges commanded I that time the since And 1Chr.17:10
beginning, the at as more, any them waste wickedness of children the shall neither more; no moved be shall and place, their in dwell shall they and them, plant will and Israel, people my for place a ordain will I Also 1Chr.17:9
earth. the in are that men great the of name the like name a thee made have and thee, before from enemies thine all off cut have and walked, hast thou whithersoever thee with been have I And 1Chr.17:8
Israel: people my over ruler be shouldest thou that sheep, the following from even sheepcote, the from thee took I hosts, of Lord the saith Thus David, servant my unto say thou shalt thus therefore Now 1Chr.17:7
cedars? of house an me built not ye have Why saying, people, my feed to commanded I whom Israel, of judges the of any to word a I spake Israel, all with walked have I Wheresoever 1Chr.17:6
another. to tabernacle one from and tent, to tent from gone have but day; this unto Israel up brought I that day the since house an in dwelt not have I For 1Chr.17:5
in: dwell to house an me build not shalt Thou , Lord the saith Thus servant, my David tell and Go 1Chr.17:4
saying, Nathan, to came God of word the that night, same the pass to came it And 1Chr.17:3
thee. with is God for heart; thine in is that all Do David, unto said Nathan Then 1Chr.17:2
curtains. under remaineth Lord the of covenant the of ark the but cedars, of house an in dwell I Lo, prophet, the Nathan to said David that house, his in sat David as pass, to came it Now 1Chr.17:1
house. his bless to returned David and house: his to man every departed people the all And 1Chr.16:43
porters. were Jeduthun of sons the And God. of instruments musical with and sound, a make should that those for cymbals and trumpets with Jeduthun and Heman them with And 1Chr.16:42
ever; for endureth mercy his because , Lord the to thanks give to name, by expressed were who chosen, were that rest the and Jeduthun, and Heman them with And 1Chr.16:41
Israel; commanded he which , Lord the of law the in written is that all to according do to and evening, and morning continually offering burnt the of altar the upon Lord the unto offerings burnt offer To 1Chr.16:40
Gibeon, at was that place high the in Lord the of tabernacle the before priests, the brethren his and priest, the Zadok And 1Chr.16:39
porters: be to Hosah and Jeduthun of son the also Obededom eight; and threescore brethren, their with Obededom And 1Chr.16:38
required: work day's every as continually, ark the before minister to brethren, his and Asaph Lord the of covenant the of ark the before there left he So 1Chr.16:37
. Lord the praised and Amen, said, people the all And ever. and ever for Israel of God Lord the be Blessed 1Chr.16:36
praise. thy in glory and name, holy thy to thanks give may we that heathen, the from us deliver and together, us gather and salvation, our of God O us, Save ye, say And 1Chr.16:35
ever. for endureth mercy his for good; is he for ; Lord the unto thanks give O 1Chr.16:34
earth. the judge to cometh he because , Lord the of presence the at out sing wood the of trees the shall Then 1Chr.16:33
therein. is that all and rejoice, fields the let thereof: fulness the and roar, sea the Let 1Chr.16:32
reigneth. Lord The nations, the among say men let and rejoice: earth the let and glad, be heavens the Let 1Chr.16:31
moved. not be it that stable, be shall also world the earth: the all him, before Fear 1Chr.16:30
holiness. of beauty the in Lord the worship him: before come and offering, an bring name: his unto due glory the Lord the unto Give 1Chr.16:29
strength. and glory Lord the unto give people, the of kindreds ye , Lord the unto Give 1Chr.16:28
place. his in are gladness and strength presence; his in are honour and Glory 1Chr.16:27
heavens. the made Lord the but idols: are people the of gods the all For 1Chr.16:26
gods. all above feared be to is also he praised: be to greatly and , Lord the is great For 1Chr.16:25
nations. all among works marvellous his heathen; the among glory his Declare 1Chr.16:24
salvation. his day to day from forth shew earth; the all , Lord the unto Sing 1Chr.16:23
harm. no prophets my do and anointed, mine not Touch Saying, 1Chr.16:22
sakes, their for kings reproved he yea, wrong: them do to man no suffered He 1Chr.16:21
people; another to kingdom one from and nation, to nation from went they when And 1Chr.16:20
it. in strangers and few, a even few, but were ye When 1Chr.16:19
inheritance; your of lot the Canaan, of land the give I will thee Unto Saying, 1Chr.16:18
covenant, everlasting an for Israel to and law, a for Jacob to same the confirmed hath And 1Chr.16:17
Isaac; unto oath his of and Abraham, with made he which covenant the of Even 1Chr.16:16
generations; thousand a to commanded he which word the covenant; his of always mindful ye Be 1Chr.16:15
earth. the all in are judgments his God; our Lord the is He 1Chr.16:14
ones. chosen his Jacob, of children ye servant, his Israel of seed ye O 1Chr.16:13
mouth; his of judgments the and wonders, his done, hath he that works marvellous his Remember 1Chr.16:12
continually. face his seek strength, his and Lord the Seek 1Chr.16:11
. Lord the seek that rejoice them of heart the let name: holy his in ye Glory 1Chr.16:10
works. wondrous his all of ye talk him, unto psalms sing him, unto Sing 1Chr.16:9
people. the among deeds his known make name, his upon call , Lord the unto thanks Give 1Chr.16:8
brethren. his and Asaph of hand the into Lord the thank to psalm this first delivered David day that on Then 1Chr.16:7
God. of covenant the of ark the before continually trumpets with priests the Jahaziel and also Benaiah 1Chr.16:6
cymbals; with sound a made Asaph but harps; with and psalteries with Jeiel and Obededom: and Benaiah, and Eliab, and Mattithiah, and Jehiel, and Shemiramoth, and Jeiel, Zechariah, him to next and chief, the Asaph 1Chr.16:5
Israel: of God Lord the praise and thank to and record, to and , Lord the of ark the before minister to Levites the of certain appointed he And 1Chr.16:4
wine. of flagon a and flesh, of piece good a and bread, of loaf a one every to woman, and man both Israel, of one every to dealt he And 1Chr.16:3
. Lord the of name the in people the blessed he offerings, peace the and offerings burnt the offering of end an made had David when And 1Chr.16:2
God. before offerings peace and sacrifices burnt offered they and it: for pitched had David that tent the of midst the in it set and God, of ark the brought they So 1Chr.16:1
heart. her in him despised she and playing: and dancing David king saw window a at out looking Saul of daughter the Michal, that David, of city the to came Lord the of covenant the of ark the as pass, to came it And 1Chr.15:29
harps. and psalteries with noise a making cymbals, with and trumpets, with and cornet, the of sound with and shouting, with Lord the of covenant the of ark the up brought Israel all Thus 1Chr.15:28
linen. of ephod an him upon had also David singers: the with song the of master the Chenaniah and singers, the and ark, the bare that Levites the all and linen, fine of robe a with clothed was David And 1Chr.15:27
rams. seven and bullocks seven offered they that , Lord the of covenant the of ark the bare that Levites the helped God when pass, to came it And 1Chr.15:26
joy. with Obededom of house the of out Lord the of covenant the of ark the up bring to went thousands, over captains the and Israel, of elders the and David, So 1Chr.15:25
ark. the for doorkeepers were Jehiah and Obededom and God: of ark the before trumpets the with blow did priests, the Eliezer, and Benaiah, and Zechariah, and Amasai, and Nethaneel, and Jehoshaphat, and Shebaniah, And 1Chr.15:24
ark. the for doorkeepers were Elkanah and Berechiah And 1Chr.15:23
skilful. was he because song, the about instructed he song: for was Levites, the of chief Chenaniah, And 1Chr.15:22
excel. to Sheminith the on harps with Azaziah, and Jeiel, and Obededom, and Mikneiah, and Elipheleh, and Mattithiah, And 1Chr.15:21
Alamoth; on psalteries with Benaiah, and Maaseiah, and Eliab, and Unni, and Jehiel, and Shemiramoth, and Aziel, and Zechariah, And 1Chr.15:20
brass; of cymbals with sound to appointed were Ethan, and Asaph, Heman, singers, the So 1Chr.15:19
porters. the Jeiel, and Obededom, and Mikneiah, and Elipheleh, and Mattithiah, and Maaseiah, and Benaiah, and Eliab, Unni, and Jehiel, and Shemiramoth, and Jaaziel, and Ben, Zechariah, degree, second the of brethren their them with And 1Chr.15:18
Kushaiah; of son the Ethan brethren, their Merari of sons the of and Berechiah; of son the Asaph brethren, his of and Joel; of son the Heman appointed Levites the So 1Chr.15:17
joy. with voice the up lifting by sounding, cymbals, and harps and psalteries musick, of instruments with singers the be to brethren their appoint to Levites the of chief the to spake David And 1Chr.15:16
. Lord the of word the to according commanded Moses as thereon, staves the with shoulders their upon God of ark the bare Levites the of children the And 1Chr.15:15
Israel. of God Lord the of ark the up bring to themselves sanctified Levites the and priests the So 1Chr.15:14
order. due the after not him sought we that for us, upon breach a made God our Lord the first, the at not it did ye because For 1Chr.15:13
it. for prepared have I that place the unto Israel of God Lord the of ark the up bring may ye that brethren, your and ye both yourselves, sanctify Levites: the of fathers the of chief the are Ye them, unto said And 1Chr.15:12
Amminadab, and Eliel, and Shemaiah, Joel, and Asaiah, Uriel, for Levites, the for and priests, the Abiathar and Zadok for called David And 1Chr.15:11
twelve. and hundred an brethren his and chief, the Amminadab Uzziel; of sons the Of 1Chr.15:10
fourscore: brethren his and chief, the Eliel Hebron; of sons the Of 1Chr.15:9
hundred: two brethren his and chief, the Shemaiah Elizaphan; of sons the Of 1Chr.15:8
thirty: and hundred an brethren his and chief the Joel Gershom; of sons the Of 1Chr.15:7
twenty: and hundred two brethren his and chief, the Asaiah Merari; of sons the Of 1Chr.15:6
twenty: and hundred an brethren his and chief, the Uriel Kohath; of sons the Of 1Chr.15:5
Levites: the and Aaron, of children the assembled David And 1Chr.15:4
it. for prepared had he which place, his unto Lord the of ark the up bring to Jerusalem, to together Israel all gathered David And 1Chr.15:3
ever. for him unto minister to and God, of ark the carry to chosen Lord the hath them for Levites: the but God of ark the carry to ought None said, David Then 1Chr.15:2
tent. a it for pitched and God, of ark the for place a prepared and David, of city the in houses him made David And 1Chr.15:1
nations. all upon him of fear the brought Lord the and lands; all into out went David of fame the And 1Chr.14:17
Gazer. to even Gibeon from Philistines the of host the smote they and him: commanded God as did therefore David 1Chr.14:16
Philistines. the of host the smite to thee before forth gone is God for battle: to out go shalt thou then that trees, mulberry the of tops the in going of sound a hear shalt thou when be, shall it And 1Chr.14:15
trees. mulberry the against over them upon come and them, from away turn them; after up not Go him, unto said God and God; of again enquired David Therefore 1Chr.14:14
valley. the in abroad themselves spread again yet Philistines the And 1Chr.14:13
fire. with burned were they and commandment, a gave David there, gods their left had they when And 1Chr.14:12
Baalperazim. place that of name the called they therefore waters: of forth breaking the like hand mine by enemies mine upon in broken hath God said, David Then there. them smote David and Baalperazim; to up came they So 1Chr.14:11
hand. thine into them deliver will I for up; Go him, unto said Lord the And hand? mine into them deliver thou wilt And Philistines? the against up go I Shall saying, God, of enquired David And 1Chr.14:10
Rephaim. of valley the in themselves spread and came Philistines the And 1Chr.14:9
them. against out went and it, of heard David And David. seek to up went Philistines the all Israel, all over king anointed was David that heard Philistines the when And 1Chr.14:8
Eliphalet. and Beeliada, and Elishama, And 1Chr.14:7
Japhia, and Nepheg, and Nogah, And 1Chr.14:6
Elpalet, and Elishua, and Ibhar, And 1Chr.14:5
Solomon, and Nathan, Shobab, and Shammua, Jerusalem; in had he which children his of names the are these Now 1Chr.14:4
daughters. and sons more begat David and Jerusalem: at wives more took David And 1Chr.14:3
Israel. people his of because high, on up lifted was kingdom his for Israel, over king him confirmed had Lord the that perceived David And 1Chr.14:2
house. an him build to carpenters, and masons with cedars, of timber and David, to messengers sent Tyre of king Hiram Now 1Chr.14:1
had. he that all and Obededom, of house the blessed Lord the And months. three house his in Obededom of family the with remained God of ark the And 1Chr.13:14
Gittite. the Obededom of house the into aside it carried but David, of city the to himself to home ark the not brought David So 1Chr.13:13
me? to home God of ark the bring I shall How saying, day, that God of afraid was David And 1Chr.13:12
day. this to Perezuzza called is place that wherefore Uzza: upon breach a made had Lord the because displeased, was David And 1Chr.13:11
God. before died he there and ark: the to hand his put he because him, smote he and Uzza, against kindled was Lord the of anger the And 1Chr.13:10
stumbled. oxen the for ark; the hold to hand his forth put Uzza Chidon, of threshingfloor the unto came they when And 1Chr.13:9
trumpets. with and cymbals, with and timbrels, with and psalteries, with and harps, with and singing, with and might, their all with God before played Israel all and David And 1Chr.13:8
cart. the drave Ahio and Uzza and Abinadab: of house the of out cart new a in God of ark the carried they And 1Chr.13:7
it. on called is name whose cherubims, the between dwelleth that , Lord the God of ark the thence up bring to Judah, to belonged which Kirjathjearim, to is, that Baalah, to Israel, all and up, went David And 1Chr.13:6
Kirjathjearim. from God of ark the bring to Hemath, of entering the unto even Egypt of Shihor from together, Israel all gathered David So 1Chr.13:5
people. the all of eyes the in right was thing the for so: do would they that said congregation the all And 1Chr.13:4
Saul. of days the in it at not enquired we for us: to God our of ark the again bring us let And 1Chr.13:3
us: unto themselves gather may they that suburbs, and cities their in are which Levites and priests the to also them with and Israel, of land the all in left are that where, every brethren our unto abroad send us let God, our Lord the of be it that and you, unto good seem it If Israel, of congregation the all unto said David And 1Chr.13:2
leader. every with and hundreds, and thousands of captains the with consulted David And 1Chr.13:1
Israel. in joy was there for abundantly: sheep and oxen, and oil, and wine, and raisins, of bunches and figs, of cakes meal, meat, and oxen, on and mules, on and camels, on and asses, on bread brought Naphtali, and Zebulun and Issachar unto even them, nigh were that they Moreover 1Chr.12:40
them. for prepared had brethren their for drinking: and eating days, three David with were they there And 1Chr.12:39
king. David make to heart one of were Israel of also rest the all and Israel: all over king David make to Hebron, to heart perfect a with came rank, keep could that war, of men these All 1Chr.12:38
thousand. twenty and hundred an battle, the for war of instruments of manner all with Manasseh, of tribe half the of and Gadites, the and Reubenites, the of Jordan, of side other the on And 1Chr.12:37
thousand. forty war, in expert battle, to forth went as such Asher, of And 1Chr.12:36
hundred. six and thousand eight and twenty war in expert Danites the of And 1Chr.12:35
thousand. seven and thirty spear and shield with them with and captains, thousand a Naphtali of And 1Chr.12:34
heart. double of not were they rank: keep could which thousand, fifty war, of instruments all with war, in expert battle, to forth went as such Zebulun, Of 1Chr.12:33
commandment. their at were brethren their all and hundred; two were them of heads the do; to ought Israel what know to times, the of understanding had that men were which Issachar, of children the of And 1Chr.12:32
king. David make and come to name, by expressed were which thousand, eighteen Manasseh of tribe half the of And 1Chr.12:31
fathers. their of house the throughout famous valour, of men mighty hundred, eight and thousand twenty Ephraim of children the of And 1Chr.12:30
Saul. of house the of ward the kept had them of part greatest the hitherto for thousand: three Saul, of kindred the Benjamin, of children the of And 1Chr.12:29
captains. two and twenty house father's his of and valour, of mighty man young a Zadok, And 1Chr.12:28
hundred; seven and thousand three were him with and Aaronites, the of leader the was Jehoiada And 1Chr.12:27
hundred. six and thousand four Levi of children the Of 1Chr.12:26
hundred. one and thousand seven war, the for valour of men mighty Simeon, of children the Of 1Chr.12:25
war. the to armed ready hundred, eight and thousand six were spear and shield bare that Judah of children The 1Chr.12:24
. Lord the of word the to according him, to Saul of kingdom the turn to Hebron, to David to came and war, the to armed ready were that bands the of numbers the are these And 1Chr.12:23
God. of host the like host, great a was it until him, help to David to came there day by day time that at For 1Chr.12:22
host. the in captains were and valour, of men mighty all were they for rovers: the of band the against David helped they And 1Chr.12:21
Manasseh. of were that thousands the of captains Zilthai, and Elihu, and Jozabad, and Michael, and Jediael, and Jozabad, and Adnah, Manasseh, of him to fell there Ziklag, to went he As 1Chr.12:20
heads. our of jeopardy the to Saul master his to fall will He saying, away, him sent advisement upon Philistines the of lords the for not: them helped they but battle: to Saul against Philistines the with came he when David, to Manasseh of some fell there And 1Chr.12:19
band. the of captains them made and them, received David Then thee. helpeth God thy for helpers; thine to be peace and thee, unto be peace peace, Jesse: of son thou side, thy on and David, we, are Thine said, he and captains, the of chief was who Amasai, upon came spirit the Then 1Chr.12:18
it. rebuke and thereon, look fathers our of God the hands, mine in wrong no is there seeing enemies, mine to me betray to come be ye if but you: unto knit be shall heart mine me, help to me unto peaceably come be ye If them, unto said and answered and them, meet to out went David And 1Chr.12:17
David. unto hold the to Judah and Benjamin of children the of came there And 1Chr.12:16
west. the toward and east, the toward both valleys, the of them all flight to put they and banks; his all overflown had it when month, first the in Jordan over went that they are These 1Chr.12:15
thousand. a over greatest the and hundred, an over was least the of one host: the of captains Gad, of sons the of were These 1Chr.12:14
eleventh. the Machbanai tenth, the Jeremiah 1Chr.12:13
ninth, the Elzabad eighth, the Johanan 1Chr.12:12
seventh, the Eliel sixth, the Attai 1Chr.12:11
fifth, the Jeremiah fourth, the Mishmannah 1Chr.12:10
third, the Eliab second, the Obadiah first, the Ezer 1Chr.12:9
mountains; the upon roes the as swift as were and lions, of faces the like were faces whose buckler, and shield handle could that battle, the for fit war of men and might, of men wilderness the to hold the into David unto themselves separated there Gadites the of And 1Chr.12:8
Gedor. of Jeroham of sons the Zebadiah, and Joelah, And 1Chr.12:7
Korhites, the Jashobeam, and Joezer, and Azareel, and Jesiah, and Elkanah, 1Chr.12:6
Haruphite, the Shephatiah and Shemariah, and Bealiah, and Jerimoth, and Eluzai, 1Chr.12:5
Gederathite, the Josabad and Johanan, and Jahaziel, and Jeremiah, and thirty; the over and thirty, the among man mighty a Gibeonite, the Ismaiah And 1Chr.12:4
Antothite. the Jehu and Berachah, and Azmaveth; of sons the Pelet, and Jeziel, and Gibeathite; the Shemaah of sons the Joash, then Ahiezer, was chief The 1Chr.12:3
Benjamin. of brethren Saul's of even bow, a of out arrows shooting and stones hurling in left the and hand right the both use could and bows, with armed were They 1Chr.12:2
war. the of helpers men, mighty the among were they and Kish: of son the Saul of because close himself kept yet he while Ziklag, to David to came that they are these Now 1Chr.12:1
Mesobaite. the Jasiel and Obed, and Eliel, 1Chr.11:47
Moabite, the Ithmah and Elnaam, of sons the Joshaviah, and Jeribai, and Mahavite, the Eliel 1Chr.11:46
Tizite, the brother, his Joha and Shimri, of son the Jediael 1Chr.11:45
Aroerite, the Hothan of sons the Jehiel and Shama Ashterathite, the Uzzia 1Chr.11:44
Mithnite, the Joshaphat and Maachah, of son the Hanan 1Chr.11:43
him, with thirty and Reubenites, the of captain a Reubenite, the Shiza of son the Adina 1Chr.11:42
Ahlai, of son the Zabad Hittite, the Uriah 1Chr.11:41
Ithrite, the Gareb Ithrite, the Ira 1Chr.11:40
Zeruiah, of son the Joab of armourbearer the Berothite, the Naharai Ammonite, the Zelek 1Chr.11:39
Haggeri, of son the Mibhar Nathan, of brother the Joel 1Chr.11:38
Ezbai, of son the Naarai Carmelite, the Hezro 1Chr.11:37
Pelonite, the Ahijah Mecherathite, the Hepher 1Chr.11:36
Ur, of son the Eliphal Hararite, the Sacar of son the Ahiam 1Chr.11:35
Hararite, the Shage of son the Jonathan Gizonite, the Hashem of sons The 1Chr.11:34
Shaalbonite, the Eliahba Baharumite, the Azmaveth 1Chr.11:33
Arbathite, the Abiel Gaash, of brooks the of Hurai 1Chr.11:32
Pirathonite, the Benaiah Benjamin, of children the to pertained that Gibeah, of Ribai of son the Ithai 1Chr.11:31
Netophathite, the Baanah of son the Heled Netophathite, the Maharai 1Chr.11:30
Ahohite, the Ilai Hushathite, the Sibbecai 1Chr.11:29
Antothite, the Abiezer Tekoite, the Ikkesh of son the Ira 1Chr.11:28
Pelonite, the Helez Harorite, the Shammoth 1Chr.11:27
Bethlehem, of Dodo of son the Elhanan Joab, of brother the Asahel were, armies the of men valiant the Also 1Chr.11:26
guard. his over him set David and three: first the to not attained but thirty, the among honourable was he Behold, 1Chr.11:25
mighties. three the among name the had and Jehoiada, of son the Benaiah did things These 1Chr.11:24
spear. own his with him slew and hand, Egyptian's the of out spear the plucked and staff, a with him to down went he and beam; weaver's a like spear a was hand Egyptian's the in and high; cubits five stature, great of man a Egyptian, an slew he And 1Chr.11:23
day. snowy a in pit a in lion a slew and down went he also Moab: of men lionlike two slew he acts; many done had who Kabzeel, of man valiant a of son the Jehoiada, of son the Benaiah 1Chr.11:22
three. first the to not attained he howbeit captain: their was he for two; the than honourable more was he three, the Of 1Chr.11:21
three. the among name a had and them, slew he hundred, three against spear his up lifting for three: the of chief was he Joab, of brother the Abishai And 1Chr.11:20
mightiest. three these did things These it. drink not would he Therefore it. brought they lives their of jeopardy the with for jeopardy? in lives their put have that men these of blood the drink I shall thing: this do should I that me, it forbid God My said, And 1Chr.11:19
. Lord the to out it poured but it, of drink not would David but David: to it brought and it, took and gate, the by was that Bethlehem, of well the of out water drew and Philistines, the of host the through brake three the And 1Chr.11:18
gate! the at is that Bethlehem, of well the of water the of drink me give would one that Oh said, and longed, David And 1Chr.11:17
Bethlehem. at then was garrison Philistines' the and hold, the in then was David And 1Chr.11:16
Rephaim. of valley the in encamped Philistines the of host the and Adullam; of cave the into David, to rock the to down went captains thirty the of three Now 1Chr.11:15
deliverance. great a by them saved Lord the and Philistines; the slew and it, delivered and parcel, that of midst the in themselves set they And 1Chr.11:14
Philistines. the before from fled people the and barley; of full ground of parcel a was where battle, to together gathered were Philistines the there and Pasdammim, at David with was He 1Chr.11:13
mighties. three the of one was who Ahohite, the Dodo, of son the Eleazar was him after And 1Chr.11:12
time. one at him by slain hundred three against spear his up lifted he captains: the of chief the Hachmonite, an Jashobeam, had; David whom men mighty the of number the is this And 1Chr.11:11
Israel. concerning Lord the of word the to according king, him make to Israel, all with and kingdom, his in him with themselves strengthened who had, David whom men mighty the of chief the are also These 1Chr.11:10
him. with was hosts of Lord the for greater: and greater waxed David So 1Chr.11:9
city. the of rest the repaired Joab and about: round Millo from even about, round city the built he And 1Chr.11:8
David. of city the it called they therefore castle; the in dwelt David And 1Chr.11:7
chief. was and up, first went Zeruiah of son the Joab So captain. and chief be shall first Jebusites the smiteth Whosoever said, David And 1Chr.11:6
David. of city the is which Zion, of castle the took David Nevertheless hither. come not shalt Thou David, to said Jebus of inhabitants the And 1Chr.11:5
land. the of inhabitants the were, Jebusites the where Jebus; is which Jerusalem, to went Israel all and David And 1Chr.11:4
Samuel. by Lord the of word the to according Israel, over king David anointed they and ; Lord the before Hebron in them with covenant a made David and Hebron; to king the to Israel of elders the all came Therefore 1Chr.11:3
Israel. people my over ruler be shalt thou and Israel, people my feed shalt Thou thee, unto said God thy Lord the and Israel: in broughtest and out leddest that he wast thou king, was Saul when even past, time in moreover And 1Chr.11:2
flesh. thy and bone thy are we Behold, saying, Hebron, unto David to themselves gathered Israel all Then 1Chr.11:1
Jesse. of son the David unto kingdom the turned and him, slew he therefore : Lord the of not enquired And 1Chr.10:14
it; of enquire to spirit, familiar a had that one of counsel asking for also and not, kept he which , Lord the of word the against even , Lord the against committed he which transgression his for died Saul So 1Chr.10:13
days. seven fasted and Jabesh, in oak the under bones their buried and Jabesh, to them brought and sons, his of bodies the and Saul, of body the away took and men, valiant the all arose, They 1Chr.10:12
Saul, to done had Philistines the that all heard Jabeshgilead all when And 1Chr.10:11
Dagon. of temple the in head his fastened and gods, their of house the in armour his put they And 1Chr.10:10
people. the to and idols, their unto tidings carry to about, round Philistines the of land the into sent and armour, his and head, his took they him, stripped had they when And 1Chr.10:9
Gilboa. mount in fallen sons his and Saul found they that slain, the strip to came Philistines the when morrow, the on pass to came it And 1Chr.10:8
them. in dwelt and came Philistines the and fled: and cities, their forsook they then dead, were sons his and Saul that and fled, they that saw valley the in were that Israel of men the all when And 1Chr.10:7
together. died house his all and sons, three his and died, Saul So 1Chr.10:6
died. and sword, the on likewise fell he dead, was Saul that saw armourbearer his when And 1Chr.10:5
it. upon fell and sword, a took Saul So afraid. sore was he for not; would armourbearer his But me. abuse and come uncircumcised these lest therewith; through me thrust and sword, thy Draw armourbearer, his to Saul said Then 1Chr.10:4
archers. the of wounded was he and him, hit archers the and Saul, against sore went battle the And 1Chr.10:3
Saul. of sons the Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Jonathan, slew Philistines the and sons; his after and Saul, after hard followed Philistines the And 1Chr.10:2
Gilboa. mount in slain down fell and Philistines, the before from fled Israel of men the and Israel; against fought Philistines the Now 1Chr.10:1
Azel. of sons the were these Hanan: and Obadiah, and Sheariah, and Ishmael, and Bocheru, Azrikam, these, are names whose sons, six had Azel And 1Chr.9:44
son. his Azel son, his Eleasah son, his Rephaiah and Binea; begat Moza And 1Chr.9:43
Moza; begat Zimri and Zimri; and Azmaveth, and Alemeth, begat Jarah and Jarah; begat Ahaz And 1Chr.9:42
Ahaz. and Tahrea, and Melech, and Pithon, were, Micah of sons the And 1Chr.9:41
Micah. begat Meribbaal and Meribbaal: was Jonathan of son the And 1Chr.9:40
Eshbaal. and Abinadab, and Malchishua, and Jonathan, begat Saul and Saul; begat Kish and Kish; begat Ner And 1Chr.9:39
brethren. their against over Jerusalem, at brethren their with dwelt also they And Shimeam. begat Mikloth And 1Chr.9:38
Mikloth. and Zechariah, and Ahio, and Gedor, And 1Chr.9:37
Nadab. and Ner, and Baal, and Kish, and Zur, then Abdon, son firstborn his And 1Chr.9:36
Maachah: was name wife's whose Jehiel, Gibeon, of father the dwelt Gibeon in And 1Chr.9:35
Jerusalem. at dwelt these generations; their throughout chief were Levites the of fathers chief These 1Chr.9:34
night. and day work that in employed were they for free: were chambers the in remaining who Levites, the of fathers the of chief singers, the are these And 1Chr.9:33
sabbath. every it prepare to shewbread, the over were Kohathites, the of sons the of brethren, their of other And 1Chr.9:32
pans. the in made were that things the over office set the had Korahite, the Shallum of firstborn the was who Levites, the of one Mattithiah, And 1Chr.9:31
spices. the of ointment the made priests the of sons the of some And 1Chr.9:30
spices. the and frankincense, the and oil, the and wine, the and flour, fine the and sanctuary, the of instruments the all and vessels, the oversee to appointed were also them of Some 1Chr.9:29
tale. by out and in them bring should they that vessels, ministering the of charge the had them of certain And 1Chr.9:28
them. to pertained morning every thereof opening the and them, upon was charge the because God, of house the about round lodged they And 1Chr.9:27
God. of house the of treasuries and chambers the over were and office, set their in were porters, chief four the Levites, these For 1Chr.9:26
them. with time to time from days seven after come to were villages, their in were which brethren, their And 1Chr.9:25
south. and north, west, east, the toward porters, the were quarters four In 1Chr.9:24
wards. by tabernacle, the of house the namely, , Lord the of house the of gates the of oversight the had children their and they So 1Chr.9:23
office. set their in ordain did seer the Samuel and David whom villages, their in genealogy their by reckoned were These twelve. and hundred two were gates the in porters be to chosen were which these All 1Chr.9:22
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the of porter was Meshelemiah of son the Zechariah And 1Chr.9:21
him. with was Lord the and past, time in them over ruler the was Eleazar of son the Phinehas And 1Chr.9:20
entry. the of keepers were , Lord the of host the over being fathers, their and tabernacle: the of gates the of keepers service, the of work the over were Korahites, the father, his of house the of brethren, his and Korah, of son the Ebiasaph, of son the Kore, of son the Shallum And 1Chr.9:19
Levi. of children the of companies the in porters were they eastward: gate king's the in waited hitherto Who 1Chr.9:18
chief; the was Shallum brethren: their and Ahiman, and Talmon, and Akkub, and Shallum, were, porters the And 1Chr.9:17
Netophathites. the of villages the in dwelt that Elkanah, of son the Asa, of son the Berechiah and Jeduthun, of son the Galal, of son the Shemaiah, of son the Obadiah And 1Chr.9:16
Asaph; of son the Zichri, of son the Micah, of son the Mattaniah and Galal, and Heresh, Bakbakkar, And 1Chr.9:15
Merari; of sons the of Hashabiah, of son the Azrikam, of son the Hasshub, of son the Shemaiah Levites; the of And 1Chr.9:14
God. of house the of service the of work the for men able very threescore; and hundred seven and thousand a fathers, their of house the of heads brethren, their And 1Chr.9:13
Immer; of son the Meshillemith, of son the Meshullam, of son the Jahzerah, of son the Adiel, of son the Maasiai and Malchijah, of son the Pashur, of son the Jeroham, of son the Adaiah And 1Chr.9:12
God; of house the of ruler the Ahitub, of son the Meraioth, of son the Zadok, of son the Meshullam, of son the Hilkiah, of son the Azariah And 1Chr.9:11
Jachin, and Jehoiarib, and Jedaiah, priests; the of And 1Chr.9:10
fathers. their of house the in fathers the of chief were men these All six. and fifty and hundred nine generations, their to according brethren, their And 1Chr.9:9
Ibnijah; of son the Reuel, of son the Shephathiah, of son the Meshullam and Michri, of son the Uzzi, of son the Elah and Jeroham, of son the Ibneiah And 1Chr.9:8
Hasenuah, of son the Hodaviah, of son the Meshullam, of son the Sallu Benjamin; of sons the of And 1Chr.9:7
ninety. and hundred six brethren, their and Jeuel, Zerah; of sons the of And 1Chr.9:6
sons. his and firstborn, the Asaiah Shilonites; the of And 1Chr.9:5
Judah. of son the Pharez of children the of Bani, of son the Imri, of son the Omri, of son the Ammihud, of son the Uthai 1Chr.9:4
Manasseh; and Ephraim, of children the of and Benjamin, of children the of and Judah, of children the of dwelt Jerusalem in And 1Chr.9:3
Nethinims. the and Levites, priests, the Israelites, the were, cities their in possessions their in dwelt that inhabitants first the Now 1Chr.9:2
transgression. their for Babylon to away carried were who Judah, and Israel of kings the of book the in written were they behold, and, genealogies; by reckoned were Israel all So 1Chr.9:1
Benjamin. of sons the of are these All fifty. and hundred an sons, sons' and sons, many had and archers, valour, of men mighty were Ulam of sons the And 1Chr.8:40
third. the Eliphelet and second, the Jehush firstborn, his Ulam were, brother his Eshek of sons the And 1Chr.8:39
Azel. of sons the were these All Hanan. and Obadiah, and Sheariah, and Ishmael, and Bocheru, Azrikam, these, are names whose sons, six had Azel And 1Chr.8:38
son: his Azel son, his Eleasah son, his was Rapha Binea: begat Moza And 1Chr.8:37
Moza, begat Zimri and Zimri; and Azmaveth, and Alemeth, begat Jehoadah and Jehoadah; begat Ahaz And 1Chr.8:36
Ahaz. and Tarea, and Melech, and Pithon, were, Micah of sons the And 1Chr.8:35
Micah. begat Meribbaal and Meribbaal; was Jonathan of son the And 1Chr.8:34
Eshbaal. and Abinadab, and Malchishua, and Jonathan, begat Saul and Saul, begat Kish and Kish, begat Ner And 1Chr.8:33
them. against over Jerusalem, in brethren their with dwelt also these And Shimeah. begat Mikloth And 1Chr.8:32
Zacher. and Ahio, and Gedor, And 1Chr.8:31
Nadab, and Baal, and Kish, and Zur, and Abdon, son firstborn his And 1Chr.8:30
Maachah: was name wife's whose Gibeon; of father the dwelt Gibeon at And 1Chr.8:29
Jerusalem. in dwelt These men. chief generations, their by fathers, the of heads were These 1Chr.8:28
Jeroham. of sons the Zichri, and Eliah, and Jaresiah, And 1Chr.8:27
Athaliah, and Shehariah, and Shamsherai, And 1Chr.8:26
Shashak; of sons the Penuel, and Iphedeiah, And 1Chr.8:25
Antothijah, and Elam, and Hananiah, And 1Chr.8:24
Hanan, and Zichri, and Abdon, And 1Chr.8:23
Eliel, and Heber, and Ishpan, And 1Chr.8:22
Shimhi; of sons the Shimrath, and Beraiah, and Adaiah, And 1Chr.8:21
Eliel, and Zilthai, and Elienai, And 1Chr.8:20
Zabdi, and Zichri, and Jakim, And 1Chr.8:19
Elpaal; of sons the Jobab, and Jezliah, and also, Ishmerai 1Chr.8:18
Heber, and Hezeki, and Meshullam, and Zebadiah, And 1Chr.8:17
Beriah; of sons the Joha, and Ispah, and Michael, And 1Chr.8:16
Ader, and Arad, and Zebadiah, And 1Chr.8:15
Jeremoth, and Shashak, Ahio, And 1Chr.8:14
Gath: of inhabitants the away drove who Aijalon, of inhabitants the of fathers the of heads were who Shema, and also, Beriah 1Chr.8:13
thereof: towns the with Lod, and Ono, built who Shamed, and Misham, and Eber, Elpaal; of sons The 1Chr.8:12
Elpaal. and Abitub, begat he Hushim of And 1Chr.8:11
fathers. the of heads sons, his were These Mirma. and Shachia, and Jeuz, And 1Chr.8:10
Malcham, and Mesha, and Zibia, and Jobab, wife, his Hodesh of begat he And 1Chr.8:9
wives. his were Baara and Hushim away; them sent had he after Moab, of country the in children begat Shaharaim And 1Chr.8:8
Ahihud. and Uzza, begat and them, removed he Gera, and Ahiah, and Naaman, And 1Chr.8:7
Manahath: to them removed they and Geba, of inhabitants the of fathers the of heads the are these Ehud: of sons the are these And 1Chr.8:6
Huram. and Shephuphan, and Gera, And 1Chr.8:5
Ahoah, and Naaman, and Abishua, And 1Chr.8:4
Abihud, and Gera, and Addar, were, Bela of sons the And 1Chr.8:3
fifth. the Rapha and fourth, the Nohah 1Chr.8:2
third, the Aharah and second, the Ashbel firstborn, his Bela begat Benjamin Now 1Chr.8:1
men. thousand six and twenty was battle to and war the to apt were that them of genealogy the throughout number the And princes. the of chief valour, of men mighty and choice house, father's their of heads Asher, of children the were these All 1Chr.7:40
Rezia. and Haniel, and Arah, Ulla; of sons the And 1Chr.7:39
Ara. and Pispah, and Jephunneh, Jether; of sons the And 1Chr.7:38
Beera. and Ithran, and Shilshah, and Shamma, and Hod, and Bezer, 1Chr.7:37
Imrah, and Beri, and Shual, and Harnepher, and Suah, Zophah; of sons The 1Chr.7:36
Amal. and Shelesh, and Imna, and Zophah, Helem; brother his of sons the And 1Chr.7:35
Aram. and Jehubbah, Rohgah, and Ahi, Shamer; of sons the And 1Chr.7:34
Japhlet. of children the are These Ashvath. and Bimhal, and Pasach, Japhlet; of sons the And 1Chr.7:33
sister. their Shua and Hotham, and Shomer, and Japhlet, begat Heber And 1Chr.7:32
Birzavith. of father the is who Malchiel, and Heber, Beriah; of sons the And 1Chr.7:31
sister. their Serah and Beriah, and Ishuai, and Isuah, and Imnah, Asher; of sons The 1Chr.7:30
Israel. of son the Joseph of children the dwelt these In towns. her and Dor towns, her and Megiddo towns, her and Taanach towns, her and Bethshean Manasseh, of children the of borders the by And 1Chr.7:29
thereof: towns the and Gaza unto thereof, towns the and also Shechem thereof; towns the with Gezer, westward and Naaran, eastward and thereof, towns the and Bethel were, habitations and possessions their And 1Chr.7:28
son. his Jehoshuah son, his Non 1Chr.7:27
son. his Elishama son, his Ammihud son, his Laadan 1Chr.7:26
son. his Tahan and son, his Telah and Resheph, also son, his was Rephah And 1Chr.7:25
Uzzensherah.) and upper, the and nether, the Bethhoron built who Sherah, was daughter his (And 1Chr.7:24
house. his with evil went it because Beriah, name his called he and son, a bare and conceived, she wife, his to in went he when And 1Chr.7:23
him. comfort to came brethren his and days, many mourned father their Ephraim And 1Chr.7:22
cattle. their away take to down came they because slew, land that in born were that Gath of men the whom Elead, and Ezer, and son, his Shuthelah and son, his Zabad And 1Chr.7:21
son, his Tahath and son, his Eladah and son, his Tahath and son, his Bered and Shuthelah, Ephraim; of sons the And 1Chr.7:20
Aniam. and Likhi, and Shechem, and Ahian, were, Shemidah of sons the And 1Chr.7:19
Mahalah. and Abiezer, and Ishod, bare Hammoleketh sister his And 1Chr.7:18
Manasseh. of son the Machir, of son the Gilead, of sons the were These Bedan. Ulam; of sons the And 1Chr.7:17
Rakem. and Ulam were sons his and Sheresh; was brother his of name the and Peresh; name his called she and son, a bare Machir of wife the Maachah And 1Chr.7:16
daughters. had Zelophehad and Zelophehad: was second the of name the and Maachah;) was name sister's whose Shuppim, and Huppim of sister the wife to took Machir And 1Chr.7:15
Gilead: of father the Machir bare Aramitess the concubine his (but bare: she whom Ashriel, Manasseh; of sons The 1Chr.7:14
Bilhah. of sons the Shallum, and Jezer, and Guni, and Jahziel, Naphtali; of sons The 1Chr.7:13
Aher. of sons the Hushim, and Ir, of children the Huppim, and also, Shuppim 1Chr.7:12
battle. and war for out go to fit soldiers, hundred two and thousand seventeen were valour, of men mighty fathers, their of heads the by Jediael, of sons the these All 1Chr.7:11
Ahishahar. and Tharshish, and Zethan, and Chenaanah, and Ehud, and Benjamin, and Jeush, Bilhan; of sons the and Bilhan: Jediael; of also sons The 1Chr.7:10
hundred. two and thousand twenty was valour, of men mighty fathers, their of house the of heads generations, their by genealogy their after them, of number the And 1Chr.7:9
Becher. of sons the are these All Alameth. and Anathoth, and Abiah, and Jerimoth, and Omri, and Elioenai, and Eliezer, and Joash, and Zemira, Becher; of sons the And 1Chr.7:8
four. and thirty and thousand two and twenty genealogies their by reckoned were and valour; of men mighty fathers, their of house the of heads five; Iri, and Jerimoth, and Uzziel, and Uzzi, and Ezbon, Bela; of sons the And 1Chr.7:7
three. Jediael, and Becher, and Bela, Benjamin; of sons The 1Chr.7:6
thousand. seven and fourscore genealogies their by all in reckoned might, of men valiant were Issachar of families the all among brethren their And 1Chr.7:5
sons. and wives many had they for men: thousand thirty and six war, for soldiers of bands were fathers, their of house the after generations, their by them, with And 1Chr.7:4
men. chief them of all five: Ishiah, Joel, and Obadiah, and Michael, Izrahiah; of sons the and Izrahiah: Uzzi; of sons the And 1Chr.7:3
hundred. six and thousand twenty and two David of days the in was number whose generations; their in might of men valiant were they Tola: of wit, to house, father's their of heads Shemuel, and Jibsam, and Jahmai, and Jeriel, and Rephaiah, and Uzzi, Tola; of sons the And 1Chr.7:2
four. Shimrom, and Jashub, Puah, and Tola, were, Issachar of sons the Now 1Chr.7:1
suburbs. her with Jazer and suburbs, her with Heshbon And 1Chr.6:81
suburbs, her with Mahanaim and suburbs, her with Gilead in Ramoth Gad; of tribe the of out And 1Chr.6:80
suburbs: her with Mephaath and suburbs, her with also Kedemoth 1Chr.6:79
suburbs, her with Jahzah and suburbs, her with wilderness the in Bezer Reuben, of tribe the of out them given were Jordan, of side east the on Jericho, by Jordan side other the on And 1Chr.6:78
suburbs: her with Tabor suburbs, her with Rimmon Zebulun, of tribe the of out given were Merari of children the of rest the Unto 1Chr.6:77
suburbs. her with Kirjathaim and suburbs, her with Hammon and suburbs, her with Galilee in Kedesh Naphtali; of tribe the of out And 1Chr.6:76
suburbs: her with Rehob and suburbs, her with Hukok And 1Chr.6:75
suburbs, her with Abdon and suburbs, her with Mashal Asher; of tribe the of out And 1Chr.6:74
suburbs: her with Anem and suburbs, her with Ramoth And 1Chr.6:73
suburbs, her with Daberath suburbs, her with Kedesh Issachar; of tribe the of out And 1Chr.6:72
suburbs: her with Ashtaroth and suburbs, her with Bashan in Golan Manasseh, of tribe half the of family the of out given were Gershom of sons the Unto 1Chr.6:71
Kohath. of sons the of remnant the of family the for suburbs, her with Bileam and suburbs, her with Aner Manasseh; of tribe half the of out And 1Chr.6:70
suburbs: her with Gathrimmon and suburbs, her with Aijalon And 1Chr.6:69
suburbs, her with Bethhoron and suburbs, her with Jokmeam And 1Chr.6:68
suburbs, her with Gezer also gave they suburbs; her with Ephraim mount in Shechem refuge, of cities the of them, unto gave they And 1Chr.6:67
Ephraim. of tribe the of out coasts their of cities had Kohath of sons the of families the of residue the And 1Chr.6:66
names. their by called are which cities, these Benjamin, of children the of tribe the of out and Simeon, of children the of tribe the of out and Judah, of children the of tribe the of out lot by gave they And 1Chr.6:65
suburbs. their with cities these Levites the to gave Israel of children the And 1Chr.6:64
cities. twelve Zebulun, of tribe the of out and Gad, of tribe the of out and Reuben, of tribe the of out families, their throughout lot, by given were Merari of sons the Unto 1Chr.6:63
cities. thirteen Bashan, in Manasseh of tribe the of out and Naphtali, of tribe the of out and Asher, of tribe the of out and Issachar, of tribe the of out families their throughout Gershom of sons the to And 1Chr.6:62
cities. ten lot, by Manasseh, of tribe half the of out namely, tribe, half the of out given cities were tribe, that of family the of left were which Kohath, of sons the unto And 1Chr.6:61
cities. thirteen were families their throughout cities their All suburbs. her with Anathoth and suburbs, her with Alemeth and suburbs, her with Geba Benjamin; of tribe the of out And 1Chr.6:60
suburbs: her with Bethshemesh and suburbs, her with Ashan And 1Chr.6:59
suburbs, her with Debir suburbs, her with Hilen And 1Chr.6:58
suburbs, their with Eshtemoa, and Jattir, and suburbs, her with Libnah and refuge, of city the Hebron, namely, Judah, of cities the gave they Aaron of sons the to And 1Chr.6:57
Jephunneh. of son the Caleb to gave they thereof, villages the and city, the of fields the But 1Chr.6:56
it. about round thereof suburbs the and Judah, of land the in Hebron them gave they And 1Chr.6:55
lot. the was theirs for Kohathites: the of families the of Aaron, of sons the of coasts, their in castles their throughout places dwelling their are these Now 1Chr.6:54
son. his Ahimaaz son, his Zadok 1Chr.6:53
son, his Ahitub son, his Amariah son, his Meraioth 1Chr.6:52
son, his Zerahiah son, his Uzzi son, his Bukki 1Chr.6:51
son, his Abishua son, his Phinehas son, his Eleazar Aaron; of sons the are these And 1Chr.6:50
commanded. had God of servant the Moses that all to according Israel, for atonement an make to and holy, most place the of work the all for appointed were and incense, of altar the on and offering, burnt the of altar the upon offered sons his and Aaron But 1Chr.6:49
God. of house the of tabernacle the of service of manner all unto appointed were Levites the also brethren Their 1Chr.6:48
Levi. of son the Merari, of son the Mushi, of son the Mahli, of son The 1Chr.6:47
Shamer, of son the Bani, of son the Amzi, of son The 1Chr.6:46
Hilkiah, of son the Amaziah, of son the Hashabiah, of son The 1Chr.6:45
Malluch, of son the Abdi, of son the Kishi, of son the Ethan hand: left the on stood Merari of sons the brethren their And 1Chr.6:44
Levi. of son the Gershom, of son the Jahath, of son The 1Chr.6:43
Shimei, of son the Zimmah, of son the Ethan, of son The 1Chr.6:42
Adaiah, of son the Zerah, of son the Ethni, of son The 1Chr.6:41
Malchiah, of son the Baaseiah, of son the Michael, of son The 1Chr.6:40
Shimea, of son the Berachiah, of son the Asaph even hand, right his on stood who Asaph, brother his And 1Chr.6:39
Israel. of son the Levi, of son the Kohath, of son the Izhar, of son The 1Chr.6:38
Korah, of son the Ebiasaph, of son the Assir, of son the Tahath, of son The 1Chr.6:37
Zephaniah, of son the Azariah, of son the Joel, of son the Elkanah, of son The 1Chr.6:36
Amasai, of son the Mahath, of son the Elkanah, of son the Zuph, of son The 1Chr.6:35
Toah, of son the Eliel, of son the Jeroham, of son the Elkanah, of son The 1Chr.6:34
Shemuel, of son the Joel, of son the singer, a Heman Kohathites: the of sons the Of children. their with waited that they are these And 1Chr.6:33
order. their to according office their on waited they then and Jerusalem: in Lord the of house the built had Solomon until singing, with congregation the of tabernacle the of place dwelling the before ministered they And 1Chr.6:32
rest. had ark the that after , Lord the of house the in song of service the over set David whom they are these And 1Chr.6:31
son. his Asaiah son, his Haggiah son, his Shimea 1Chr.6:30
son, his Uzza son, his Shimei son, his Libni Mahli, Merari; of sons The 1Chr.6:29
Abiah. and Vashni, firstborn the Samuel; of sons the And 1Chr.6:28
son. his Elkanah son, his Jeroham son, his Eliab 1Chr.6:27
son, his Nahath and son, his Zophai Elkanah; of sons the Elkanah: for As 1Chr.6:26
Ahimoth. and Amasai, Elkanah; of sons the And 1Chr.6:25
son. his Shaul and son, his Uzziah son, his Uriel son, his Tahath 1Chr.6:24
son, his Assir and son, his Ebiasaph and son, his Elkanah 1Chr.6:23
son, his Assir son, his Korah son, his Amminadab Kohath; of sons The 1Chr.6:22
son. his Jeaterai son, his Zerah son, his Iddo son, his Joah 1Chr.6:21
son, his Zimmah son, his Jahath son, his Libni Gershom; Of 1Chr.6:20
fathers. their to according Levites the of families the are these And Mushi. and Mahli, Merari; of sons The 1Chr.6:19
Uzziel. and Hebron, and Izhar, and Amram, were, Kohath of sons the And 1Chr.6:18
Shimei. and Libni, Gershom; of sons the of names the be these And 1Chr.6:17
Merari. and Kohath, Gershom, Levi; of sons The 1Chr.6:16
Nebuchadnezzar. of hand the by Jerusalem and Judah away carried Lord the when captivity, into went Jehozadak And 1Chr.6:15
Jehozadak, begat Seraiah and Seraiah, begat Azariah And 1Chr.6:14
Azariah, begat Hilkiah and Hilkiah, begat Shallum And 1Chr.6:13
Shallum, begat Zadok and Zadok, begat Ahitub And 1Chr.6:12
Ahitub, begat Amariah and Amariah, begat Azariah And 1Chr.6:11
Jerusalem:) in built Solomon that temple the in office priest's the executed that is it (he Azariah, begat Johanan And 1Chr.6:10
Johanan, begat Azariah and Azariah, begat Ahimaaz And 1Chr.6:9
Ahimaaz, begat Zadok and Zadok, begat Ahitub And 1Chr.6:8
Ahitub, begat Amariah and Amariah, begat Meraioth 1Chr.6:7
Meraioth, begat Zerahiah and Zerahiah, begat Uzzi And 1Chr.6:6
Uzzi, begat Bukki and Bukki, begat Abishua And 1Chr.6:5
Abishua, begat Phinehas Phinehas, begat Eleazar 1Chr.6:4
Ithamar. and Eleazar, Abihu, and Nadab, Aaron; of also sons The Miriam. and Moses, and Aaron, Amram; of children the And 1Chr.6:3
Uzziel. and Hebron, and Izhar, Amram, Kohath; of sons the And 1Chr.6:2
Merari. and Kohath, Gershon, Levi; of sons The 1Chr.6:1
day. this unto Gozan, river the to and Hara, and Habor, and Halah, unto them brought and Manasseh, of tribe half the and Gadites, the and Reubenites, the even away, them carried he and Assyria, of king Tilgathpilneser of spirit the and Assyria, of king Pul of spirit the up stirred Israel of God the And 1Chr.5:26
them. before destroyed God whom land, the of people the of gods the after whoring a went and fathers, their of God the against transgressed they And 1Chr.5:25
fathers. their of house the of heads and men, famous valour, of men mighty Jahdiel, and Hodaviah, and Jeremiah, and Azriel, and Eliel, and Ishi, and Epher, even fathers, their of house the of heads the were these And 1Chr.5:24
Hermon. mount unto and Senir, and Baalhermon unto Bashan from increased they land: the in dwelt Manasseh of tribe half the of children the And 1Chr.5:23
captivity. the until steads their in dwelt they And God. of was war the because slain, many down fell there For 1Chr.5:22
thousand. hundred an men of and thousand, two asses of and thousand, fifty and hundred two sheep of and thousand, fifty camels their of cattle; their away took they And 1Chr.5:21
him. in trust their put they because them; of intreated was he and battle, the in God to cried they for them: with were that all and hand, their into delivered were Hagarites the and them, against helped were they And 1Chr.5:20
Nodab. and Nephish, and Jetur, with Hagarites, the with war made they And 1Chr.5:19
war. the to out went that threescore, and hundred seven thousand forty and four were war, in skilful and bow, with shoot to and sword, and buckler bear to able men men, valiant of Manasseh, of tribe the half and Gadites, the and Reuben, of sons The 1Chr.5:18
Israel. of king Jeroboam of days the in and Judah, of king Jotham of days the in genealogies by reckoned were these All 1Chr.5:17
borders. their upon Sharon, of suburbs the all in and towns, her in and Bashan, in Gilead in dwelt they And 1Chr.5:16
fathers. their of house the of chief Guni, of son the Abdiel, of son the Ahi 1Chr.5:15
Buz; of son the Jahdo, of son the Jeshishai, of son the Michael, of son the Gilead, of son the Jaroah, of son the Huri, of son the Abihail of children the are These 1Chr.5:14
seven. Heber, and Zia, and Jachan, and Jorai, and Sheba, and Meshullam, and Michael, were, fathers their of house the of brethren their And 1Chr.5:13
Bashan. in Shaphat and Jaanai, and next, the Shapham and chief, the Joel 1Chr.5:12
Salcah: unto Bashan of land the in them, against over dwelt Gad of children the And 1Chr.5:11
Gilead. of land east the all throughout tents their in dwelt they and hand: their by fell who Hagarites, the with war made they Saul of days the in And 1Chr.5:10
Gilead. of land the in multiplied were cattle their because Euphrates: river the from wilderness the of in entering the unto inhabited he eastward And 1Chr.5:9
Baalmeon: and Nebo unto even Aroer, in dwelt who Joel, of son the Shema, of son the Azaz, of son the Bela And 1Chr.5:8
Zechariah, and Jeiel, chief, the were reckoned, was generations their of genealogy the when families, their by brethren his And 1Chr.5:7
Reubenites. the of prince was he captive: away carried Assyria of king Tilgathpilneser whom son, his Beerah 1Chr.5:6
son, his Baal son, his Reaia son, his Micah 1Chr.5:5
son, his Shimei son, his Gog son, his Shemaiah Joel; of sons The 1Chr.5:4
Carmi. and Hezron, Pallu, and Hanoch, were, Israel of firstborn the Reuben of say, I sons, The 1Chr.5:3
Joseph's:) was birthright the but ruler; chief the came him of and brethren, his above prevailed Judah For 1Chr.5:2
birthright. the after reckoned be to not is genealogy the and Israel: of son the Joseph of sons the unto given was birthright his bed, father's his defiled he as forasmuch but firstborn; the was he (for Israel, of firstborn the Reuben of sons the Now 1Chr.5:1
day. this unto there dwelt and escaped, were that Amalekites the of rest the smote they And 1Chr.4:43
Ishi. of sons the Uzziel, and Rephaiah, and Neariah, and Pelatiah, captains their for having Seir, mount to went men, hundred five Simeon, of sons the of even them, of some And 1Chr.4:42
flocks. their for there pasture was there because rooms: their in dwelt and day, this unto utterly them destroyed and there, found were that habitations the and tents, their smote and Judah, of king Hezekiah of days the in came name by written these And 1Chr.4:41
old. of there dwelt had Ham of they for peaceable; and quiet, and wide, was land the and good, and pasture fat found they And 1Chr.4:40
flocks. their for pasture seek to valley, the of side east the unto even Gedor, of entrance the to went they And 1Chr.4:39
greatly. increased fathers their of house the and families: their in princes were names their by mentioned These 1Chr.4:38
Shemaiah; of son the Shimri, of son the Jedaiah, of son the Allon, of son the Shiphi, of son the Ziza And 1Chr.4:37
Benaiah, and Jesimiel, and Adiel, and Asaiah, and Jeshohaiah, and Jaakobah, and Elioenai, And 1Chr.4:36
Asiel, of son the Seraiah, of son the Josibiah, of son the Jehu and Joel, And 1Chr.4:35
Amaziah, of son the Joshah, and Jamlech, and Meshobab, And 1Chr.4:34
genealogy. their and habitations, their were These Baal. unto cities, same the about round were that villages their all And 1Chr.4:33
cities: five Ashan, and Tochen, and Rimmon, Ain, and Etam, were, villages their And 1Chr.4:32
David. of reign the unto cities their were These Shaaraim. at and Bethbirei, at and Hazarsusim, and Bethmarcaboth, at And 1Chr.4:31
Ziklag, at and Hormah, at and Bethuel, at And 1Chr.4:30
Tolad, at and Ezem, at and Bilhah, at And 1Chr.4:29
Hazarshual, and Moladah, and Beersheba, at dwelt they And 1Chr.4:28
Judah. of children the to like multiply, family their all did neither children, many not had brethren his but daughters: six and sons sixteen had Shimei And 1Chr.4:27
son. his Shimei son, his Zacchur son, his Hamuel Mishma; of sons the And 1Chr.4:26
son. his Mishma son, his Mibsam son, his Shallum 1Chr.4:25
Shaul: and Zerah, Jarib, Jamin, and Nemuel, were, Simeon of sons The 1Chr.4:24
work. his for king the with dwelt they there hedges: and plants among dwelt that those and potters, the were These 1Chr.4:23
things. ancient are these And Jashubilehem. and Moab, in dominion the had who Saraph, and Joash, and Chozeba, of men the and Jokim, And 1Chr.4:22
Ashbea, of house the of linen, fine wrought that them of house the of families the and Mareshah, of father the Laadah and Lecah, of father the Er were, Judah of son the Shelah of sons The 1Chr.4:21
Benzoheth. and Zoheth, were, Ishi of sons the And Tilon. and Benhanan, Rinnah, and Amnon, were, Shimon of sons the And 1Chr.4:20
Maachathite. the Eshtemoa and Garmite, the Keilah of father the Naham, of sister the Hodiah wife his of sons the And 1Chr.4:19
took. Mered which Pharaoh, of daughter the Bithiah of sons the are these And Zanoah. of father the Jekuthiel and Socho, of father the Heber and Gedor, of father the Jered bare Jehudijah wife his And 1Chr.4:18
Eshtemoa. of father the Ishbah and Shammai, and Miriam, bare she and Jalon: and Epher, and Mered, and Jether, were, Ezra of sons the And 1Chr.4:17
Asareel. and Tiria, Ziphah, and Ziph, Jehaleleel; of sons the And 1Chr.4:16
Kenaz. even Elah, of sons the and Naam: and Elah, Iru, Jephunneh; of son the Caleb of sons the And 1Chr.4:15
craftsmen. were they for Charashim; of valley the of father the Joab, begat Seraiah and Ophrah: begat Meonothai And 1Chr.4:14
Hathath. Othniel; of sons the and Seraiah: and Othniel, Kenaz; of sons the And 1Chr.4:13
Rechah. of men the are These Irnahash. of father the Tehinnah and Paseah, and Bethrapha, begat Eshton And 1Chr.4:12
Eshton. of father the was which Mehir, begat Shuah of brother the Chelub And 1Chr.4:11
requested. he which that him granted God And me! grieve not may it that evil, from me keep wouldest thou that and me, with be might hand thine that and coast, my enlarge and indeed, me bless wouldest thou that Oh saying, Israel, of God the on called Jabez And 1Chr.4:10
sorrow. with him bare I Because saying, Jabez, name his called mother his and brethren: his than honourable more was Jabez And 1Chr.4:9
Harum. of son the Aharhel of families the and Zobebah, and Anub, begat Coz And 1Chr.4:8
Ethnan. and Jezoar, and Zereth, were, Helah of sons the And 1Chr.4:7
Naarah. of sons the were These Haahashtari. and Temeni, and Hepher, and Ahuzam, him bare Naarah And 1Chr.4:6
Naarah. and Helah wives, two had Tekoa of father the Ashur And 1Chr.4:5
Bethlehem. of father the Ephratah, of firstborn the Hur, of sons the are These Hushah. of father the Ezer and Gedor, of father the Penuel And 1Chr.4:4
Hazelelponi: was sister their of name the and Idbash: and Ishma, and Jezreel, Etam; of father the of were these And 1Chr.4:3
Zorathites. the of families the are These Lahad. and Ahumai, begat Jahath and Jahath; begat Shobal of son the Reaiah And 1Chr.4:2
Shobal. and Hur, and Carmi, and Hezron, Pharez, Judah; of sons The 1Chr.4:1
seven. Anani, and Dalaiah, and Johanan, and Akkub, and Pelaiah, and Eliashib, and Hodaiah, were, Elioenai of sons the And 1Chr.3:24
three. Azrikam, and Hezekiah, and Elioenai, Neariah; of sons the And 1Chr.3:23
six. Shaphat, and Neariah, and Bariah, and Igeal, and Hattush, Shemaiah; of sons the and Shemaiah: Shechaniah; of sons the And 1Chr.3:22
Shechaniah. of sons the Obadiah, of sons the Arnan, of sons the Rephaiah, of sons the Jesaiah: and Pelatiah, Hananiah; of sons the And 1Chr.3:21
five. Jushabhesed, Hasadiah, and Berechiah, and Ohel, and Hashubah, And 1Chr.3:20
sister: their Shelomith and Hananiah, and Meshullam, Zerubbabel; of sons the and Shimei: and Zerubbabel, were, Pedaiah of sons the And 1Chr.3:19
Nedabiah. and Hoshama, Jecamiah, Shenazar, and Pedaiah, and also, Malchiram 1Chr.3:18
son, his Salathiel Assir, Jeconiah; of sons the And 1Chr.3:17
son. his Zedekiah son, his Jeconiah Jehoiakim: of sons the And 1Chr.3:16
Shallum. fourth the Zedekiah, third the Jehoiakim, second the Johanan, firstborn the were, Josiah of sons the And 1Chr.3:15
son. his Josiah son, his Amon 1Chr.3:14
son, his Manasseh son, his Hezekiah son, his Ahaz 1Chr.3:13
son, his Jotham son, his Azariah son, his Amaziah 1Chr.3:12
son, his Joash son, his Ahaziah son, his Joram 1Chr.3:11
son, his Jehoshaphat son, his Asa son, his Abia Rehoboam, was son Solomon's And 1Chr.3:10
sister. their Tamar and concubines, the of sons the beside David, of sons the all were These 1Chr.3:9
nine. Eliphelet, and Eliada, and Elishama, And 1Chr.3:8
Japhia, and Nepheg, and Nogah, And 1Chr.3:7
Eliphelet, and Elishama, and also, Ibhar 1Chr.3:6
Ammiel: of daughter the Bathshua of four, Solomon, and Nathan, and Shobab, and Shimea, Jerusalem; in him unto born were these And 1Chr.3:5
years. three and thirty reigned he Jerusalem in and months: six and years seven reigned he there and Hebron; in him unto born were six These 1Chr.3:4
wife. his Eglah by Ithream sixth, the Abital: of Shephatiah fifth, The 1Chr.3:3
Haggith: of son the Adonijah fourth, the Geshur: of king Talmai of daughter the Maachah of son the Absalom third, The 1Chr.3:2
Carmelitess: the Abigail of Daniel, second the Jezreelitess; the Ahinoam of Amnon, firstborn the Hebron; in him unto born were which David, of sons the were these Now 1Chr.3:1
Rechab. of house the of father the Hemath, of came that Kenites the are These Suchathites. and Shimeathites, the Tirathites, the Jabez; at dwelt which scribes the of families the And 1Chr.2:55
Zorites. the Manahethites, the of half and Joab, of house the Ataroth, Netophathites, the and Bethlehem, Salma; of sons The 1Chr.2:54
Eshtaulites, the and Zareathites, the came them of Mishraites; the and Shumathites, the and Puhites, the and Ithrites, the Kirjathjearim; of families the And 1Chr.2:53
Manahethites. the of half and Haroeh, sons; had Kirjathjearim of father the Shobal And 1Chr.2:52
Bethgader. of father the Hareph Bethlehem, of father the Salma 1Chr.2:51
Kirjathjearim. of father the Shobal Ephratah; of firstborn the Hur, of son the Caleb of sons the were These 1Chr.2:50
Achsa. was Caleb of daughter the and Gibea: of father the and Machbenah, of father the Sheva Madmannah, of father the Shaaph also bare She 1Chr.2:49
Tirhanah. and Sheber, bare concubine, Caleb's Maachah, 1Chr.2:48
Shaaph. and Ephah, and Pelet, and Gesham, and Jotham, and Regem, Jahdai; of sons the And 1Chr.2:47
Gazez. begat Haran and Gazez: and Moza, and Haran, bare concubine, Caleb's Ephah, And 1Chr.2:46
Bethzur. of father the was Maon and Maon: was Shammai of son the And 1Chr.2:45
Shammai. begat Rekem and Jorkoam: of father the Raham, begat Shema And 1Chr.2:44
Shema. and Rekem, and Tappuah, and Korah, Hebron; of sons the And 1Chr.2:43
Hebron. of father the Mareshah of sons the and Ziph; of father the was which firstborn, his Mesha were, Jerahmeel of brother the Caleb of sons the Now 1Chr.2:42
Elishama. begat Jekamiah and Jekamiah, begat Shallum And 1Chr.2:41
Shallum, begat Sisamai and Sisamai, begat Eleasah And 1Chr.2:40
Eleasah, begat Helez and Helez, begat Azariah And 1Chr.2:39
Azariah, begat Jehu and Jehu, begat Obed And 1Chr.2:38
Obed, begat Ephlal and Ephlal, begat Zabad And 1Chr.2:37
Zabad, begat Nathan and Nathan, begat Attai And 1Chr.2:36
Attai. him bare she and wife; to servant his Jarha to daughter his gave Sheshan And 1Chr.2:35
Jarha. was name whose Egyptian, an servant, a had Sheshan And daughters. but sons, no had Sheshan Now 1Chr.2:34
Jerahmeel. of sons the were These Zaza. and Peleth, Jonathan; of sons the And 1Chr.2:33
children. without died Jether and Jonathan: and Jether, Shammai; of brother the Jada of sons the And 1Chr.2:32
Ahlai. Sheshan; of children the And Sheshan. Ishi; of sons the And Ishi. Appaim; of sons the And 1Chr.2:31
children. without died Seled but Appaim: and Seled, Nadab; of sons the And 1Chr.2:30
Molid. and Ahban, him bare she and Abihail, was Abishur of wife the of name the And 1Chr.2:29
Abishur. and Nadab Shammai; of sons the And Jada. and Shammai, were, Onam of sons the And 1Chr.2:28
Eker. and Jamin, and Maaz, were, Jerahmeel of firstborn the Ram of sons the And 1Chr.2:27
Onam. of mother the was she Atarah; was name whose wife, another also had Jerahmeel 1Chr.2:26
Ahijah. and Ozem, and Oren, and Bunah, and firstborn, the Ram were, Hezron of firstborn the Jerahmeel of sons the And 1Chr.2:25
Tekoa. of father the Ashur him bare wife Hezron's Abiah then Calebephratah, in dead was Hezron that after And 1Chr.2:24
Gilead. of father the Machir of sons the to belonged these All cities. threescore even thereof, towns the and Kenath, with them, from Jair, of towns the with Aram, and Geshur, took he And 1Chr.2:23
Gilead. of land the in cities twenty and three had who Jair, begat Segub And 1Chr.2:22
Segub. him bare she and old; years threescore was he when married he whom Gilead, of father the Machir of daughter the to in went Hezron afterward And 1Chr.2:21
Bezaleel. begat Uri and Uri, begat Hur And 1Chr.2:20
Hur. him bare which Ephrath, him unto took Caleb dead, was Azubah when And 1Chr.2:19
Ardon. and Shobab, and Jesher, these; are sons her Jerioth: of and wife, his Azubah of children begat Hezron of son the Caleb And 1Chr.2:18
Ishmeelite. the Jether was Amasa of father the and Amasa: bare Abigail And 1Chr.2:17
three. Asahel, and Joab, and Abishai, Zeruiah; of sons the And Abigail. and Zeruiah, were sisters Whose 1Chr.2:16
seventh: the David sixth, the Ozem 1Chr.2:15
fifth, the Raddai fourth, the Nethaneel 1Chr.2:14
third, the Shimma and second, the Abinadab and Eliab, firstborn his begat Jesse And 1Chr.2:13
Jesse, begat Obed and Obed, begat Boaz And 1Chr.2:12
Boaz, begat Salma and Salma, begat Nahshon And 1Chr.2:11
Judah; of children the of prince Nahshon, begat Amminadab and Amminadab; begat Ram And 1Chr.2:10
Chelubai. and Ram, and Jerahmeel, him; unto born were that Hezron, of also sons The 1Chr.2:9
Azariah. Ethan; of sons the And 1Chr.2:8
accursed. thing the in transgressed who Israel, of troubler the Achar, Carmi; of sons the And 1Chr.2:7
all. in them of five Dara: and Calcol, and Heman, and Ethan, and Zimri, Zerah; of sons the And 1Chr.2:6
Hamul. and Hezron, Pharez; of sons The 1Chr.2:5
five. were Judah of sons the All Zerah. and Pharez him bore law in daughter his Tamar And 1Chr.2:4
him. slew he and ; Lord the of sight the in evil was Judah, of firstborn the Er, And Canaanitess. the Shua of daughter the of him unto born were three which Shelah: and Onan, and Er, Judah; of sons The 1Chr.2:3
Asher. and Gad, Naphtali, Benjamin, and Joseph, Dan, 1Chr.2:2
Zebulun, and Issachar, Judah, and Levi, Simeon, Reuben, Israel; of sons the are These 1Chr.2:1
Edom. of dukes the are These Iram. duke Magdiel, Duke 1Chr.1:54
Mibzar, duke Teman, duke Kenaz, Duke 1Chr.1:53
Pinon, duke Elah, duke Aholibamah, Duke 1Chr.1:52
Jetheth, duke Aliah, duke Timnah, duke were; Edom of dukes the And also. died Hadad 1Chr.1:51
Mezahab. of daughter the Matred, of daughter the Mehetabel, was name wife's his and Pai; was city his of name the and stead: his in reigned Hadad dead, was Baalhanan when And 1Chr.1:50
stead. his in reigned Achbor of son the Baalhanan dead, was Shaul when And 1Chr.1:49
stead. his in reigned river the by Rehoboth of Shaul dead, was Samlah when And 1Chr.1:48
stead. his in reigned Masrekah of Samlah dead, was Hadad when And 1Chr.1:47
Avith. was city his of name the and stead: his in reigned Moab, of field the in Midian smote which Bedad, of son the Hadad dead, was Husham when And 1Chr.1:46
stead. his in reigned Temanites the of land the of Husham dead, was Jobab when And 1Chr.1:45
stead. his in reigned Bozrah of Zerah of son the Jobab dead, was Bela when And 1Chr.1:44
Dinhabah. was city his of name the and Beor: of son the Bela Israel; of children the over reigned king any before Edom of land the in reigned that kings the are these Now 1Chr.1:43
Aran. and Uz, Dishan; of sons The Jakan. and Zavan, and Bilhan, Ezer; of sons The 1Chr.1:42
Cheran. and Ithran, and Eshban, and Amram, Dishon; of sons the And Dishon. Anah; of sons The 1Chr.1:41
Anah. and Aiah, Zibeon; of sons the and Onam. and Shephi, Ebal, and Manahath, and Alian, Shobal; of sons The 1Chr.1:40
sister. Lotan's was Timna and Homam: and Hori, Lotan; of sons the And 1Chr.1:39
Dishan. and Ezar, and Dishon, and Anah, and Zibeon, and Shobal, and Lotan, Seir; of sons the And 1Chr.1:38
Mizzah. and Shammah, Zerah, Nahath, Reuel; of sons The 1Chr.1:37
Amalek. and Timna, and Kenaz, Gatam, and Zephi, Omar, and Teman, Eliphaz; of sons The 1Chr.1:36
Korah. and Jaalam, and Jeush, and Reuel, Eliphaz, Esau; of sons The 1Chr.1:35
Israel. and Esau Isaac; of sons The Isaac. begat Abraham And 1Chr.1:34
Keturah. of sons the are these All Eldaah. and Abida, and Henoch, and Epher, and Ephah, Midian; of sons the And 1Chr.1:33
Dedan. and Sheba, Jokshan; of sons the And Shuah. and Ishbak, and Midian, and Medan, and Jokshan, and Zimran, bare she concubine: Abraham's Keturah, of sons the Now 1Chr.1:32
Ishmael. of sons the are These Kedemah. and Naphish, Jetur, 1Chr.1:31
Tema, and Hadad, Massa, Dumah, and Mishma, 1Chr.1:30
Mibsam, and Adbeel, and Kedar, then Nebaioth; Ishmael, of firstborn The generations: their are These 1Chr.1:29
Ishmael. and Isaac, Abraham; of sons The 1Chr.1:28
Abraham. is same the Abram; 1Chr.1:27
Terah, Nahor, Serug, 1Chr.1:26
Reu, Peleg, Eber, 1Chr.1:25
Shelah, Arphaxad, Shem, 1Chr.1:24
Joktan. of sons the were these All Jobab. and Havilah, and Ophir, And 1Chr.1:23
Sheba, and Abimael, and Ebal, And 1Chr.1:22
Diklah, and Uzal, and also, Hadoram 1Chr.1:21
Jerah, and Hazarmaveth, and Sheleph, and Almodad, begat Joktan And 1Chr.1:20
Joktan. was name brother's his and divided: was earth the days his in because Peleg; was one the of name the sons: two born were Eber unto And 1Chr.1:19
Eber. begat Shelah and Shelah, begat Arphaxad And 1Chr.1:18
Meshech. and Gether, and Hul, and Uz, and Aram, and Lud, and Arphaxad, and Asshur, and Elam, Shem; of sons The 1Chr.1:17
Hamathite. the and Zemarite, the and Arvadite, the And 1Chr.1:16
Sinite, the and Arkite, the and Hivite, the And 1Chr.1:15
Girgashite, the and Amorite, the and also, Jebusite The 1Chr.1:14
Heth, and firstborn, his Zidon begat Canaan And 1Chr.1:13
Caphthorim. and Philistines,) the came whom (of Casluhim, and Pathrusim, And 1Chr.1:12
Naphtuhim, and Lehabim, and Anamim, and Ludim, begat Mizraim And 1Chr.1:11
earth. the upon mighty be to began he Nimrod: begat Cush And 1Chr.1:10
Dedan. and Sheba, Raamah; of sons the And Sabtecha. and Raamah, and Sabta, and Havilah, and Seba, Cush; of sons the And 1Chr.1:9
Canaan. and Put, Mizraim, and Cush, Ham; of sons The 1Chr.1:8
Dodanim. and Kittim, Tarshish, and Elishah, Javan; of sons the And 1Chr.1:7
Togarmah. and Riphath, and Ashchenaz, Gomer; of sons the And 1Chr.1:6
Tiras. and Meshech, and Tubal, and Javan, and Madai, and Magog, and Gomer, Japheth; of sons The 1Chr.1:5
Japheth. and Ham, Shem, Noah, 1Chr.1:4
Lamech, Methuselah, Henoch, 1Chr.1:3
Jered, Mahalaleel, Kenan, 1Chr.1:2
Enosh, Sheth, Adam, 1Chr.1:1
Chronicles 1
life. his of days the all day, every for rate daily a king, the of him given allowance continual a was allowance his And 2Kgs.25:30
life. his of days the all him before continually bread eat did he and garments: prison his changed And 2Kgs.25:29
Babylon; in him with were that kings the of throne the above throne his set and him, to kindly spake he And 2Kgs.25:28
prison; of out Judah of king Jehoiachin of head the up lift did reign to began he that year the in Babylon of king Evilmerodach that month, the of day twentieth and seven the on month, twelfth the in Judah, of king Jehoiachin of captivity the of year thirtieth and seven the in pass to came it And 2Kgs.25:27
Chaldees. the of afraid were they for Egypt: to came and arose, armies, the of captains the and great, and small both people, the all And 2Kgs.25:26
Mizpah. at him with were that Chaldees the and Jews the and died, he that Gedaliah, smote and him, with men ten and came, royal, seed the of Elishama, of son the Nethaniah, of son the Ishmael that month, seventh the in pass to came it But 2Kgs.25:25
you. with well be shall it and Babylon; of king the serve and land, the in dwell Chaldees: the of servants the be to not Fear them, unto said and men, their to and them, to sware Gedaliah And 2Kgs.25:24
men. their and they Maachathite, a of son the Jaazaniah and Netophathite, the Tanhumeth of son the Seraiah and Careah, of son the Johanan and Nethaniah, of son the Ishmael even Mizpah, to Gedaliah to came there governor, Gedaliah made had Babylon of king the that heard men, their and they armies, the of captains the all when And 2Kgs.25:23
ruler. Shaphan, of son the Ahikam, of son the Gedaliah made he them over even left, had Babylon of king Nebuchadnezzar whom Judah, of land the in remained that people the for as And 2Kgs.25:22
land. their of out away carried was Judah So Hamath. of land the in Riblah at them slew and them, smote Babylon of king the And 2Kgs.25:21
Riblah: to Babylon of king the to them brought and these, took guard the of captain Nebuzaradan And 2Kgs.25:20
city: the in found were that land the of people the of men threescore and land, the of people the mustered which host, the of scribe principal the and city, the in found were which presence, king's the in were that them of men five and war, of men the over set was that officer an took he city the of out And 2Kgs.25:19
door: the of keepers three the and priest, second the Zephaniah and priest, chief the Seraiah took guard the of captain the And 2Kgs.25:18
work. wreathen with pillar second the had these unto like and brass: of all about, round chapiter the upon pomegranates and work, wreathen the and cubits; three chapiter the of height the and brass: was it upon chapiter the and cubits, eighteen was pillar one the of height The 2Kgs.25:17
weight. without was vessels these all of brass the ; Lord the of house the for made had Solomon which bases the and sea, one pillars, two The 2Kgs.25:16
away. took guard the of captain the silver, in silver, of and gold, in gold, of were as things such and bowls, the and firepans, the And 2Kgs.25:15
away. they took ministered, they wherewith brass of vessels the all and spoons, the and snuffers, the and shovels, the and pots, the And 2Kgs.25:14
Babylon. to them of brass the carried and pieces, in break Chaldees the did , Lord the of house the in was that sea brasen the and bases, the and , Lord the of house the in were that brass of pillars the And 2Kgs.25:13
husbandmen. and vinedressers be to land the of poor the of left guard the of captain the But 2Kgs.25:12
away. carry guard the of captain the Nebuzaradan did multitude, the of remnant the with Babylon, of king the to away fell that fugitives the and city, the in left were that people the of rest the Now 2Kgs.25:11
about. round Jerusalem of walls the down brake guard, the of captain the with were that Chaldees, the of army the all And 2Kgs.25:10
fire. with he burnt house man's great every and Jerusalem, of houses the all and house, king's the and , Lord the of house the burnt he And 2Kgs.25:9
Jerusalem: unto Babylon, of king the of servant a guard, the of captain Nebuzaradan, came Babylon, of king Nebuchadnezzar king of year nineteenth the is which month, the of day seventh the on month, fifth the in And 2Kgs.25:8
Babylon. to him carried and brass, of fetters with him bound and Zedekiah, of eyes the out put and eyes, his before Zedekiah of sons the slew they And 2Kgs.25:7
him. upon judgment gave they and Riblah; to Babylon of king the to up him brought and king, the took they So 2Kgs.25:6
him. from scattered were army his all and Jericho: of plains the in him overtook and king, the after pursued Chaldees the of army the And 2Kgs.25:5
plain. the toward way the went king the and about:) round city the against were Chaldees the (now garden: king's the by is which walls, two between gate the of way the by night by fled war of men the all and up, broken was city the And 2Kgs.25:4
land. the of people the for bread no was there and city, the in prevailed famine the month fourth the of day ninth the on And 2Kgs.25:3
Zedekiah. king of year eleventh the unto besieged was city the And 2Kgs.25:2
about. round it against forts built they and it; against pitched and Jerusalem, against host, his all and he, came, Babylon of king Nebuchadnezzar that month, the of day tenth the in month, tenth the in reign, his of year ninth the in pass to came it And 2Kgs.25:1
Babylon. of king the against rebelled Zedekiah that presence, his from out them cast had he until Judah, and Jerusalem in pass to came it Lord the of anger the through For 2Kgs.24:20
done. had Jehoiakim that all to according , Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.24:19
Libnah. of Jeremiah of daughter the Hamutal, was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years eleven reigned he and reign, to began he when old years one and twenty was Zedekiah 2Kgs.24:18
Zedekiah. to name his changed and stead, his in king brother father's his Mattaniah made Babylon of king the And 2Kgs.24:17
Babylon. to captive brought Babylon of king the them even war, for apt and strong were that all thousand, a smiths and craftsmen and thousand, seven even might, of men the all And 2Kgs.24:16
Babylon. to Jerusalem from captivity into he carried those land, the of mighty the and officers, his and wives, king's the and mother, king's the and Babylon, to Jehoiachin away carried he And 2Kgs.24:15
land. the of people the of sort poorest the save remained, none smiths: and craftsmen the all and captives, thousand ten even valour, of men mighty the all and princes, the all and Jerusalem, all away carried he And 2Kgs.24:14
said. had Lord the as , Lord the of temple the in made had Israel of king Solomon which gold of vessels the all pieces in cut and house, king's the of treasures the and , Lord the of house the of treasures the all thence out carried he And 2Kgs.24:13
reign. his of year eighth the in him took Babylon of king the and officers: his and princes, his and servants, his and mother, his and he, Babylon, of king the to out went Judah of king the Jehoiachin And 2Kgs.24:12
it. besiege did servants his and city, the against came Babylon of king Nebuchadnezzar And 2Kgs.24:11
besieged. was city the and Jerusalem, against up came Babylon of king Nebuchadnezzar of servants the time that At 2Kgs.24:10
done. had father his that all to according , Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.24:9
Jerusalem. of Elnathan of daughter the Nehushta, was name mother's his And months. three Jerusalem in reigned he and reign, to began he when old years eighteen was Jehoiachin 2Kgs.24:8
Egypt. of king the to pertained that all Euphrates river the unto Egypt of river the from taken had Babylon of king the for land: his of out more any again not came Egypt of king the And 2Kgs.24:7
stead. his in reigned son his Jehoiachin and fathers: his with slept Jehoiakim So 2Kgs.24:6
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he that all and Jehoiakim, of acts the of rest the Now 2Kgs.24:5
pardon. not would Lord the which blood; innocent with Jerusalem filled he for shed: he that blood innocent the for also And 2Kgs.24:4
did; he that all to according Manasseh, of sins the for sight, his of out them remove to Judah, upon this came Lord the of commandment the at Surely 2Kgs.24:3
prophets. the servants his by spake he which , Lord the of word the to according it, destroy to Judah against them sent and Ammon, of children the of bands and Moabites, the of bands and Syrians, the of bands and Chaldees, the of bands him against sent Lord the And 2Kgs.24:2
him. against rebelled and turned he then years: three servant his became Jehoiakim and up, came Babylon of king Nebuchadnezzar days his In 2Kgs.24:1
done. had fathers his that all to according , Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.23:37
Rumah. of Pedaiah of daughter the Zebudah, was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years eleven reigned he and reign; to began he when old years five and twenty was Jehoiakim 2Kgs.23:36
Pharaohnechoh. unto it give to taxation, his to according one every of land, the of people the of gold the and silver the exacted he Pharaoh: of commandment the to according money the give to land the taxed he but Pharaoh; to gold the and silver the gave Jehoiakim And 2Kgs.23:35
there. died and Egypt, to came he and away: Jehoahaz took and Jehoiakim, to name his turned and father, his Josiah of room the in king Josiah of son the Eliakim made Pharaohnechoh And 2Kgs.23:34
gold. of talent a and silver, of talents hundred an of tribute a to land the put and Jerusalem; in reign not might he that Hamath, of land the in Riblah at bands in him put Pharaohnechoh And 2Kgs.23:33
done. had fathers his that all to according , Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.23:32
Libnah. of Jeremiah of daughter the Hamutal, was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in months three reigned he and reign; to began he when old years three and twenty was Jehoahaz 2Kgs.23:31
stead. father's his in king him made and him, anointed and Josiah, of son the Jehoahaz took land the of people the And sepulchre. own his in him buried and Jerusalem, to him brought and Megiddo, from dead chariot a in him carried servants his And 2Kgs.23:30
him. seen had he when Megiddo, at him slew he and him; against went Josiah king and Euphrates: river the to Assyria of king the against up went Egypt of king Pharaohnechoh days his In 2Kgs.23:29
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he that all and Josiah, of acts the of rest the Now 2Kgs.23:28
there. be shall name My said, I which of house the and chosen, have I which Jerusalem city this off cast will and Israel, removed have I as sight, my of out also Judah remove will I said, Lord the And 2Kgs.23:27
withal. him provoked had Manasseh that provocations the all of because Judah, against kindled was anger his wherewith wrath, great his of fierceness the from not turned Lord the Notwithstanding 2Kgs.23:26
him. like any there arose him after neither Moses; of law the all to according might, his all with and soul, his all with and heart, his all with Lord the to turned that him, before king no there was him unto like And 2Kgs.23:25
. Lord the of house the in found priest the Hilkiah that book the in written were which law the of words the perform might he that away, put Josiah did Jerusalem, in and Judah of land the in spied were that abominations the all and idols, the and images, the and wizards, the and spirits, familiar with workers the Moreover 2Kgs.23:24
Jerusalem. in Lord the to holden was passover this wherein Josiah, king of year eighteenth the in But 2Kgs.23:23
Judah; of kings the of nor Israel, of kings the of days the all in nor Israel, judged that judges the of days the from passover a such holden not was there Surely 2Kgs.23:22
covenant. this of book the in written is it as God, your Lord the unto passover the Keep saying, people, the all commanded king the And 2Kgs.23:21
Jerusalem. to returned and them, upon bones men's burned and altars, the upon there were that places high the of priests the all slew he And 2Kgs.23:20
Bethel. in done had he that acts the all to according them to did and away, took Josiah anger, to Lord the provoke to made had Israel of kings the which Samaria, of cities the in were that places high the of also houses the all And 2Kgs.23:19
Samaria. of out came that prophet the of bones the with alone, bones his let they So bones. his move man no let alone; him Let said, he And 2Kgs.23:18
Bethel. of altar the against done hast thou that things these proclaimed and Judah, from came which God, of man the of sepulchre the is It him, told city the of men the And see? I that that is title What said, he Then 2Kgs.23:17
words. these proclaimed who proclaimed, God of man the which Lord the of word the to according it, polluted and altar, the upon them burned and sepulchres, the of out bones the took and sent, and mount, the in there were that sepulchres the spied he himself, turned Josiah as And 2Kgs.23:16
grove. the burned and powder, to small it stamped and place, high the burned and down, brake he place high the and altar that both made, had sin, to Israel made who Nebat, of son the Jeroboam which place high the and Bethel, at was that altar the Moreover 2Kgs.23:15
men. of bones the with places their filled and groves, the down cut and images, the pieces in brake he And 2Kgs.23:14
defile. king the did Ammon, of children the of abomination the Milcom for and Moabites, the of abomination the Chemosh for and Zidonians, the of abomination the Ashtoreth for builded had Israel of king the Solomon which corruption, of mount the of hand right the on were which Jerusalem, before were that places high the And 2Kgs.23:13
Kidron. brook the into them of dust the cast and thence, from down them brake and down, beat king the did , Lord the of house the of courts two the in made had Manasseh which altars the and made, had Judah of kings the which Ahaz, of chamber upper the of top the on were that altars the And 2Kgs.23:12
fire. with sun the of chariots the burned and suburbs, the in was which chamberlain, the Nathanmelech of chamber the by , Lord the of house the of in entering the at sun, the to given had Judah of kings the that horses the away took he And 2Kgs.23:11
Molech. to fire the through pass to daughter his or son his make might man no that Hinnom, of children the of valley the in is which Topheth, defiled he And 2Kgs.23:10
brethren. their among bread unleavened the of eat did they but Jerusalem, in Lord the of altar the to up not came places high the of priests the Nevertheless 2Kgs.23:9
city. the of gate the at hand left man's a on were which city, the of governor the Joshua of gate the of in entering the in were that gates the of places high the down brake and Beersheba, to Geba from incense, burned had priests the where places high the defiled and Judah, of cities the of out priests the all brought he And 2Kgs.23:8
grove. the for hangings wove women the where , Lord the of house the by were that sodomites, the of houses the down brake he And 2Kgs.23:7
people. the of children the of graves the upon thereof powder the cast and powder, to small it stamped and Kidron, brook the at it burned and Kidron, brook the unto Jerusalem, without , Lord the of house the from grove the out brought he And 2Kgs.23:6
heaven. of host the all to and planets, the to and moon, the to and sun, the to Baal, unto incense burned that also them Jerusalem; about round places the in and Judah, of cities the in places high the in incense burn to ordained had Judah of kings the whom priests, idolatrous the down put he And 2Kgs.23:5
Bethel. unto them of ashes the carried and Kidron, of fields the in Jerusalem without them burned he and heaven: of host the all for and grove, the for and Baal, for made were that vessels the all Lord the of temple the of out forth bring to door, the of keepers the and order, second the of priests the and priest, high the Hilkiah commanded king the And 2Kgs.23:4
covenant. the to stood people the all And book. this in written were that covenant this of words the perform to soul, their all and heart their all with statutes his and testimonies his and commandments his keep to and , Lord the after walk to , Lord the before covenant a made and pillar, a by stood king the And 2Kgs.23:3
. Lord the of house the in found was which covenant the of book the of words the all ears their in read he and great: and small both people, the all and prophets, the and priests, the and him, with Jerusalem of inhabitants the all and Judah of men the all and , Lord the of house the into up went king the And 2Kgs.23:2
Jerusalem. of and Judah of elders the all him unto gathered they and sent, king the And 2Kgs.23:1
again. word king the brought they And place. this upon bring will I which evil the all see not shall eyes thine and peace; in grave thy into gathered be shalt thou and fathers, thy unto thee gather will I therefore, Behold 2Kgs.22:20
. Lord the saith thee, heard have also I me; before wept and clothes, thy rent hast and curse, a and desolation a become should they that thereof, inhabitants the against and place, this against spake I what heardest thou when , Lord the before thyself humbled hast thou and tender, was heart thine Because 2Kgs.22:19
heard; hast thou which words the touching As Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus him, to say ye shall thus , Lord the of enquire to you sent which Judah of king the to But 2Kgs.22:18
quenched. be not shall and place, this against kindled be shall wrath my therefore hands; their of works the all with anger to me provoke might they that gods, other unto incense burned have and me, forsaken have they Because 2Kgs.22:17
read: hath Judah of king the which book the of words the all even thereof, inhabitants the upon and place, this upon evil bring will I Behold, , Lord the saith Thus 2Kgs.22:16
me, to you sent that man the Tell Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus them, unto said she And 2Kgs.22:15
her. with communed they and college;) the in Jerusalem in dwelt she (now wardrobe; the of keeper Harhas, of son the Tikvah, of son the Shallum of wife the prophetess, the Huldah unto went Asahiah, and Shaphan, and Achbor, and Ahikam, and priest, the Hilkiah So 2Kgs.22:14
us. concerning written is which that all unto according do to book, this of words the unto hearkened not have fathers our because us, against kindled is that Lord the of wrath the is great for found: is that book this of words the concerning Judah, all for and people, the for and me, for Lord the of enquire ye, Go 2Kgs.22:13
saying, king's, the of servant a Asahiah and scribe, the Shaphan and Michaiah, of son the Achbor and Shaphan, of son the Ahikam and priest, the Hilkiah commanded king the And 2Kgs.22:12
clothes. his rent he that law, the of book the of words the heard had king the when pass, to came it And 2Kgs.22:11
king. the before it read Shaphan And book. a me delivered hath priest the Hilkiah saying, king, the shewed scribe the Shaphan And 2Kgs.22:10
. Lord the of house the of oversight the have that work, the do that them of hand the into it delivered have and house, the in found was that money the gathered have servants Thy said, and again, word king the brought and king, the to came scribe the Shaphan And 2Kgs.22:9
it. read he and Shaphan, to book the gave Hilkiah And . Lord the of house the in law the of book the found have I scribe, the Shaphan unto said priest high the Hilkiah And 2Kgs.22:8
faithfully. dealt they because hand, their into delivered was that money the of them with made reckoning no was there Howbeit 2Kgs.22:7
house. the repair to stone hewn and timber buy to and masons, and builders, and carpenters, Unto 2Kgs.22:6
house, the of breaches the repair to , Lord the of house the in is which work the of doers the to it give them let and : Lord the of house the of oversight the have that work, the of doers the of hand the into it deliver them let And 2Kgs.22:5
people: the of gathered have door the of keepers the which , Lord the of house the into brought is which silver the sum may he that priest, high the Hilkiah to up Go 2Kgs.22:4
saying, , Lord the of house the to scribe, the Meshullam, of son the Azaliah, of son the Shaphan sent king the that Josiah, king of year eighteenth the in pass to came it And 2Kgs.22:3
left. the to or hand right the to aside not turned and father, his David of way the all in walked and , Lord the of sight the in right was which that did he And 2Kgs.22:2
Boscath. of Adaiah of daughter the Jedidah, was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years one and thirty reigned he and reign, to began he when old years eight was Josiah 2Kgs.22:1
stead. his in reigned son his Josiah and Uzza: of garden the in sepulchre his in buried was he And 2Kgs.21:26
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he which Amon of acts the of rest the Now 2Kgs.21:25
stead. his in king son his Josiah made land the of people the and Amon; king against conspired had that them all slew land the of people the And 2Kgs.21:24
house. own his in king the slew and him, against conspired Amon of servants the And 2Kgs.21:23
. Lord the of way the in not walked and fathers, his of God Lord the forsook he And 2Kgs.21:22
them: worshipped and served, father his that idols the served and in, walked father his that way the all in walked he And 2Kgs.21:21
did. Manasseh father his as , Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.21:20
Jotbah. of Haruz of daughter the Meshullemeth, was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years two reigned he and reign, to began he when old years two and twenty was Amon 2Kgs.21:19
stead. his in reigned son his Amon and Uzza: of garden the in house, own his of garden the in buried was and fathers, his with slept Manasseh And 2Kgs.21:18
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are sinned, he that sin his and did, he that all and Manasseh, of acts the of rest the Now 2Kgs.21:17
. Lord the of sight the in evil was which that doing in sin, to Judah made he wherewith sin his beside another; to end one from Jerusalem filled had he till much, very blood innocent shed Manasseh Moreover 2Kgs.21:16
day. this unto even Egypt, of out forth came fathers their day the since anger, to me provoked have and sight, my in evil was which that done have they Because 2Kgs.21:15
enemies; their all to spoil a and prey a become shall they and enemies; their of hand the into them deliver and inheritance, mine of remnant the forsake will I And 2Kgs.21:14
down. upside it turning and it, wiping dish, a wipeth man a as Jerusalem wipe will I and Ahab: of house the of plummet the and Samaria, of line the Jerusalem over stretch will I And 2Kgs.21:13
tingle. shall ears his both it, of heareth whosoever that Judah, and Jerusalem upon evil such bringing am I Behold, Israel, of God Lord the saith thus Therefore 2Kgs.21:12
idols: his with sin to also Judah made hath and him, before were which did, Amorites the that all above wickedly done hath and abominations, these done hath Judah of king Manasseh Because 2Kgs.21:11
saying, prophets, the servants his by spake Lord the And 2Kgs.21:10
Israel. of children the before destroyed Lord the whom nations the did than evil more do to them seduced Manasseh and not: hearkened they But 2Kgs.21:9
them. commanded Moses servant my that law the all to according and them, commanded have I that all to according do to observe will they if only fathers; their gave I which land the of out more any move Israel of feet the make I will Neither 2Kgs.21:8
ever: for name my put I will Israel, of tribes all of out chosen have I which Jerusalem, in and house, this In son, his Solomon to and David, to said Lord the which of house, the in made had he that grove the of image graven a set he And 2Kgs.21:7
anger. to him provoke to , Lord the of sight the in wickedness much wrought he wizards: and spirits familiar with dealt and enchantments, used and times, observed and fire, the through pass son his made he And 2Kgs.21:6
. Lord the of house the of courts two the in heaven of host the all for altars built he And 2Kgs.21:5
name. my put I will Jerusalem In said, Lord the which of , Lord the of house the in altars built he And 2Kgs.21:4
them. served and heaven, of host the all worshipped and Israel; of king Ahab did as grove, a made and Baal, for altars up reared he and destroyed; had father his Hezekiah which places high the again up built he For 2Kgs.21:3
Israel. of children the before out cast Lord the whom heathen, the of abominations the after , Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.21:2
Hephzibah. was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years five and fifty reigned and reign, to began he when old years twelve was Manasseh 2Kgs.21:1
stead. his in reigned son his Manasseh and fathers: his with slept Hezekiah And 2Kgs.20:21
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are city, the into water brought and conduit, a and pool, a made he how and might, his all and Hezekiah, of acts the of rest the And 2Kgs.20:20
days? my in be truth and peace if good, not it Is said, he And spoken. hast thou which Lord the of word the is Good Isaiah, unto Hezekiah said Then 2Kgs.20:19
Babylon. of king the of palace the in eunuchs be shall they and away; take they shall beget, shalt thou which thee, from issue shall that sons thy of And 2Kgs.20:18
. Lord the saith left, be shall nothing Babylon: into carried be shall day, this unto store in up laid have fathers thy which that and house, thine in is that all that come, days the Behold, 2Kgs.20:17
. Lord the of word the Hear Hezekiah, unto said Isaiah And 2Kgs.20:16
them. shewed not have I that treasures my among nothing is there seen: they have house mine in are that things the All answered, Hezekiah And house? thine in seen they have What said, he And 2Kgs.20:15
Babylon. from even country, far a from come are They said, Hezekiah And thee? unto they came whence from and men? these said What him, unto said and Hezekiah, king unto prophet the Isaiah came Then 2Kgs.20:14
not. them shewed Hezekiah that dominion, his all in nor house, his in nothing was there treasures: his in found was that all and armour, his of house the all and ointment, precious the and spices, the and gold, the and silver, the things, precious his of house the all them shewed and them, unto hearkened Hezekiah And 2Kgs.20:13
sick. been had Hezekiah that heard had he for Hezekiah: unto present a and letters sent Babylon, of king Baladan, of son the Berodachbaladan, time that At 2Kgs.20:12
Ahaz. of dial the in down gone had it which by backward, degrees ten shadow the brought he and : Lord the unto cried prophet the Isaiah And 2Kgs.20:11
degrees. ten backward return shadow the let but nay, degrees: ten down go to shadow the for thing light a is It answered, Hezekiah And 2Kgs.20:10
degrees? ten back go or degrees, ten forward go shadow the shall spoken: hath he that thing the do will Lord the that , Lord the of have thou shalt sign This said, Isaiah And 2Kgs.20:9
day? third the Lord the of house the into up go shall I that and me, heal will Lord the that sign the be shall What Isaiah, unto said Hezekiah And 2Kgs.20:8
recovered. he and boil, the on it laid and took they And figs. of lump a Take said, Isaiah And 2Kgs.20:7
sake. David's servant my for and sake, own mine for city this defend will I and Assyria; of king the of hand the of out city this and thee deliver will I and years; fifteen days thy unto add will I And 2Kgs.20:6
. Lord the of house the unto up go shalt thou day third the on thee: heal will I behold, tears: thy seen have I prayer, thy heard have I father, thy David of God the , Lord the saith Thus people, my of captain the Hezekiah tell and again, Turn 2Kgs.20:5
saying, him, to came Lord the of word the that court, middle the into out gone was Isaiah afore pass, to came it And 2Kgs.20:4
sore. wept Hezekiah And sight. thy in good is which that done have and heart, perfect a with and truth in thee before walked have I how now remember , Lord O thee, beseech I 2Kgs.20:3
saying, , Lord the unto prayed and wall, the to face his turned he Then 2Kgs.20:2
live. not and die, shalt thou for order; in house thine Set , Lord the saith Thus him, unto said and him, to came Amoz of son the Isaiah prophet the And death. unto sick Hezekiah was days those In 2Kgs.20:1
stead. his in reigned son his Esarhaddon And Armenia. of land the into escaped they and sword: the with him smote sons his Sharezer and Adrammelech that god, his Nisroch of house the in worshipping was he as pass, to came it And 2Kgs.19:37
Nineveh. at dwelt and returned, and went and departed, Assyria of king Sennacherib So 2Kgs.19:36
corpses. dead all were they behold, morning, the in early arose they when and thousand: five and fourscore hundred an Assyrians the of camp the in smote and out, went Lord the of angel the that night, that pass to came it And 2Kgs.19:35
sake. David's servant my for and sake, own mine for it, save to city, this defend will I For 2Kgs.19:34
. Lord the saith city, this into come not shall and return, he shall same the by came, he that way the By 2Kgs.19:33
it. against bank a cast nor shield, with it before come nor there, arrow an shoot nor city, this into come not shall He Assyria, of king the concerning Lord the saith thus Therefore 2Kgs.19:32
this. do shall hosts of Lord the of zeal the Zion: mount of out escape that they and remnant, a forth go shall Jerusalem of out For 2Kgs.19:31
upward. fruit bear and downward, root take again yet shall Judah of house the of escaped is that remnant the And 2Kgs.19:30
thereof. fruits the eat and vineyards, plant and reap, and ye, sow year third the in and same; the of springeth which that year second the in and themselves, of grow as things such year this eat shall Ye thee, unto sign a be shall this And 2Kgs.19:29
camest. thou which by way the by back thee turn will I and lips, thy in bridle my and nose, thy in hook my put will I therefore ears, mine into up come is tumult thy and me against rage thy Because 2Kgs.19:28
me. against rage thy and in, coming thy and out, going thy and abode, thy know I But 2Kgs.19:27
up. grown be it before blasted corn as and tops, house the on grass the as herb, green the as and field, the of grass the as were they confounded; and dismayed were they power, small of were inhabitants their Therefore 2Kgs.19:26
heaps. ruinous into cities fenced waste lay to be shouldest thou that pass, to it brought I have now it? formed have I that times ancient of and it, done have I how ago long heard not thou Hast 2Kgs.19:25
places. besieged of rivers the all up dried I have feet my of sole the with and waters, strange drunk and digged have I 2Kgs.19:24
Carmel. his of forest the into and borders, his of lodgings the into enter will I and thereof: trees fir choice the and thereof, trees cedar tall the down cut will and Lebanon, of sides the to mountains, the of height the to up come am I chariots my of multitude the With said, hast and , Lord the reproached hast thou messengers thy By 2Kgs.19:23
Israel. of One Holy the against even high? on eyes thine up lifted and voice, thy exalted thou hast whom against and blasphemed? and reproached thou hast Whom 2Kgs.19:22
thee. at head her shaken hath Jerusalem of daughter the scorn; to thee laughed and thee, despised hath Zion of daughter the virgin The him; concerning spoken hath Lord the that word the is This 2Kgs.19:21
heard. have I Assyria of king Sennacherib against me to prayed hast thou which That Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus saying, Hezekiah, to sent Amoz of son the Isaiah Then 2Kgs.19:20
only. thou even God, Lord the art thou that know may earth the of kingdoms the all that hand, his of out us thou save thee, beseech I God, our Lord O therefore, Now 2Kgs.19:19
them. destroyed have they therefore stone: and wood hands, men's of work the but gods, no were they for fire: the into gods their cast have And 2Kgs.19:18
lands, their and nations the destroyed have Assyria of kings the , Lord truth, a Of 2Kgs.19:17
God. living the reproach to him sent hath which Sennacherib, of words the hear and see: and eyes, thine , Lord open, hear: and ear, thine down bow , Lord 2Kgs.19:16
earth. and heaven made hast thou earth; the of kingdoms the all of alone, thou even God, the art thou cherubims, the between dwellest which Israel, of God Lord O said, and , Lord the before prayed Hezekiah And 2Kgs.19:15
. Lord the before it spread and , Lord the of house the into up went Hezekiah and it: read and messengers, the of hand the of letter the received Hezekiah And 2Kgs.19:14
Ivah? and Hena, of Sepharvaim, of city the of king the and Arpad, of king the and Hamath, of king the is Where 2Kgs.19:13
Thelasar? in were which Eden of children the and Rezeph, and Haran, and Gozan, as destroyed; have fathers my which them delivered nations the of gods the Have 2Kgs.19:12
delivered? be thou shalt and utterly: them destroying by lands, all to done have Assyria of kings the what heard hast thou Behold, 2Kgs.19:11
Assyria. of king the of hand the into delivered be not shall Jerusalem saying, thee, deceive trustest thou whom in God thy not Let saying, Judah, of king Hezekiah to speak ye shall Thus 2Kgs.19:10
saying, Hezekiah, unto again messengers sent he thee: against fight to out come is he Behold, Ethiopia, of king Tirhakah of say heard he when And 2Kgs.19:9
Lachish. from departed was he that heard had he for Libnah: against warring Assyria of king the found and returned, Rabshakeh So 2Kgs.19:8
land. own his in sword the by fall to him cause will I and land; own his to return shall and rumour, a hear shall he and him, upon blast a send will I Behold, 2Kgs.19:7
me. blasphemed have Assyria of king the of servants the which with heard, hast thou which words the of afraid not Be , Lord the saith Thus master, your to say ye shall Thus them, unto said Isaiah And 2Kgs.19:6
Isaiah. to came Hezekiah king of servants the So 2Kgs.19:5
left. are that remnant the for prayer thy up lift wherefore heard: hath God thy Lord the which words the reprove will and God; living the reproach to sent hath master his Assyria of king the whom Rabshakeh, of words the all hear will God thy Lord the be may It 2Kgs.19:4
forth. bring to strength not is there and birth, the to come are children the for blasphemy; and rebuke, of and trouble, of day a is day This Hezekiah, saith Thus him, unto said they And 2Kgs.19:3
Amoz. of son the prophet the Isaiah to sackcloth, with covered priests, the of elders the and scribe, the Shebna and household, the over was which Eliakim, sent he And 2Kgs.19:2
. Lord the of house the into went and sackcloth, with himself covered and clothes, his rent he that it, heard Hezekiah king when pass, to came it And 2Kgs.19:1
Rabshakeh. of words the him told and rent, clothes their with Hezekiah to recorder, the Asaph of son the Joah and scribe, the Shebna and household, the over was which Hilkiah, of son the Eliakim came Then 2Kgs.18:37
not. him Answer saying, was, commandment king's the for word: a not him answered and peace, their held people the But 2Kgs.18:36
hand? mine of out Jerusalem deliver should Lord the that hand, mine of out country their delivered have that countries, the of gods the all among they are Who 2Kgs.18:35
hand? mine of out Samaria delivered they have Ivah? and Hena, Sepharvaim, of gods the are where Arpad? of and Hamath, of gods the are Where 2Kgs.18:34
Assyria? of king the of hand the of out land his all at delivered nations the of gods the of any Hath 2Kgs.18:33
us. deliver will Lord The saying, you, persuadeth he when Hezekiah, unto not hearken and die: not and live, may ye that honey, of and olive oil of land a vineyards, and bread of land a wine, and corn of land a land, own your like land a to away you take and come I Until 2Kgs.18:32
cistern: his of waters the one every ye drink and tree, fig his of one every and vine, own his of man every ye eat then and me, to out come and present, a by me with agreement an Make Assyria, of king the saith thus for Hezekiah: to not Hearken 2Kgs.18:31
Assyria. of king the of hand the into delivered be not shall city this and us, deliver surely will Lord The saying, , Lord the in trust you make Hezekiah let Neither 2Kgs.18:30
hand: his of out you deliver to able be not shall he for you: deceive Hezekiah not Let king, the saith Thus 2Kgs.18:29
Assyria: of king the king, great the of word the Hear saying, spake, and language, Jews' the in voice loud a with cried and stood Rabshakeh Then 2Kgs.18:28
you? with piss own their drink and dung, own their eat may they that wall, the on sit which men the to me sent not he hath words? these speak to thee, to and master, thy to me sent master my Hath them, unto said Rabshakeh But 2Kgs.18:27
wall. the on are that people the of ears the in language Jews' the in us with not talk and it: understand we for language; Syrian the in servants thy to thee, pray I Speak, Rabshakeh, unto Joah, and Shebna, and Hilkiah, of son the Eliakim said Then 2Kgs.18:26
it. destroy and land, this against up Go me, to said Lord The it? destroy to place this against Lord the without up come now I Am 2Kgs.18:25
horsemen? for and chariots for Egypt on trust thy put and servants, master's my of least the of captain one of face the away turn thou wilt then How 2Kgs.18:24
them. upon riders set to part thy on able be thou if horses, thousand two thee deliver will I and Assyria, of king the lord my to pledges give thee, pray I therefore, Now 2Kgs.18:23
Jerusalem? in altar this before worship shall Ye Jerusalem, and Judah to said hath and away, taken hath Hezekiah altars whose and places high whose he, that not is God: our Lord the in trust We me, unto say ye if But 2Kgs.18:22
him. on trust that all unto Egypt of king Pharaoh is so it: pierce and hand, his into go will it lean, man a if which on Egypt, upon even reed, bruised this of staff the upon trustest thou behold, Now, 2Kgs.18:21
me? against rebellest thou that trust, thou dost whom on Now war. the for strength and counsel have I words,) vain but are they (but sayest, Thou 2Kgs.18:20
trustest? thou wherein this is confidence What Assyria, of king the king, great the saith Thus Hezekiah, to now ye Speak them, unto said Rabshakeh And 2Kgs.18:19
recorder. the Asaph of son the Joah and scribe, the Shebna and household, the over was which Hilkiah, of son the Eliakim them to out came there king, the to called had they when And 2Kgs.18:18
field. fuller's the of highway the in is which pool, upper the of conduit the by stood and came they up, come were they when And Jerusalem. to came and up went they And Jerusalem. against host great a with Hezekiah king to Lachish from Rabshakeh and Rabsaris and Tartan sent Assyria of king the And 2Kgs.18:17
Assyria. of king the to it gave and overlaid, had Judah of king Hezekiah which pillars the from and , Lord the of temple the of doors the from gold the off cut Hezekiah did time that At 2Kgs.18:16
house. king's the of treasures the in and , Lord the of house the in found was that silver the all him gave Hezekiah And 2Kgs.18:15
gold. of talents thirty and silver of talents hundred three Judah of king Hezekiah unto appointed Assyria of king the And bear. I will me on puttest thou which that me: from return offended; have I saying, Lachish, to Assyria of king the to sent Judah of king Hezekiah And 2Kgs.18:14
them. took and Judah, of cities fenced the all against up come Assyria of king Sennacherib did Hezekiah king of year fourteenth the in Now 2Kgs.18:13
them. do nor them, hear not would and commanded, Lord the of servant the Moses that all and covenant, his transgressed but God, their Lord the of voice the not obeyed they Because 2Kgs.18:12
Medes: the of cities the in and Gozan, of river the by Habor in and Halah in them put and Assyria, unto Israel away carry did Assyria of king the And 2Kgs.18:11
taken. was Samaria Israel, of king Hoshea of year ninth the in is that Hezekiah, of year sixth the in even it: took they years three of end the at And 2Kgs.18:10
it. besieged and Samaria, against up came Assyria of king Shalmaneser that Israel, of king Elah of son Hoshea of year seventh the was which Hezekiah, king of year fourth the in pass to came it And 2Kgs.18:9
city. fenced the to watchmen the of tower the from thereof, borders the and Gaza, unto even Philistines, the smote He 2Kgs.18:8
not. him served and Assyria, of king the against rebelled he and forth: went he whithersoever prospered he and him; with was Lord the And 2Kgs.18:7
Moses. commanded Lord the which commandments, his kept but him, following from not departed and , Lord the to clave he For 2Kgs.18:6
him. before were that any nor Judah, of kings the all among him like none was him after that so Israel; of God Lord the in trusted He 2Kgs.18:5
Nehushtan. it called he and it: to incense burn did Israel of children the days those unto for made: had Moses that serpent brasen the pieces in brake and groves, the down cut and images, the brake and places, high the removed He 2Kgs.18:4
did. father his David that all to according , Lord the of sight the in right was which that did he And 2Kgs.18:3
Zachariah. of daughter the Abi, was also name mother's His Jerusalem. in years nine and twenty reigned he and reign; to began he when he was old years five and Twenty 2Kgs.18:2
reign. to began Judah of king Ahaz of son the Hezekiah that Israel, of king Elah of son Hoshea of year third the in pass to came it Now 2Kgs.18:1
day. this unto they do so fathers, their did as children: children's their and children, their both images, graven their served and , Lord the feared nations these So 2Kgs.17:41
manner. former their after did they but hearken, not did they Howbeit 2Kgs.17:40
enemies. your all of hand the of out you deliver shall he and fear; shall ye God your Lord the But 2Kgs.17:39
gods. other fear ye shall neither forget; not shall ye you with made have I that covenant the And 2Kgs.17:38
gods. other fear not shall ye and evermore; for do to observe shall ye you, for wrote he which commandment, the and law, the and ordinances, the and statutes, the And 2Kgs.17:37
sacrifice. do ye shall him to and worship, ye shall him and fear, ye shall him arm, out stretched a and power great with Egypt of land the of out up you brought who , Lord the But 2Kgs.17:36
them: to sacrifice nor them, serve nor them, to yourselves bow nor gods, other fear not shall Ye saying, them, charged and covenant, a made had Lord the whom With 2Kgs.17:35
Israel; named he whom Jacob, of children the commanded Lord the which commandment and law the after or ordinances, their after or statutes, their after they do neither , Lord the not fear they manners: former the after do they day this Unto 2Kgs.17:34
thence. from away carried they whom nations the of manner the after gods, own their served and , Lord the feared They 2Kgs.17:33
places. high the of houses the in them for sacrificed which places, high the of priests them of lowest the of themselves unto made and , Lord the feared they So 2Kgs.17:32
Sepharvaim. of gods the Anammelech, and Adrammelech to fire in children their burnt Sepharvites the and Tartak, and Nibhaz made Avites the And 2Kgs.17:31
Ashima, made Hamath of men the and Nergal, made Cuth of men the and Succothbenoth, made Babylon of men the And 2Kgs.17:30
dwelt. they wherein cities their in nation every made, had Samaritans the which places high the of houses the in them put and own, their of gods made nation every Howbeit 2Kgs.17:29
. Lord the fear should they how them taught and Bethel, in dwelt and came Samaria from away carried had they whom priests the of one Then 2Kgs.17:28
land. the of God the of manner the them teach him let and there, dwell and go them let and thence; from brought ye whom priests the of one thither Carry saying, commanded, Assyria of king the Then 2Kgs.17:27
land. the of God the of manner the not know they because them, slay they behold, and, them, among lions sent hath he therefore land: the of God the of manner the not know Samaria, of cities the in placed and removed, hast thou which nations The saying, Assyria, of king the to spake they Wherefore 2Kgs.17:26
them. of some slew which them, among lions sent Lord the therefore : Lord the not feared they that there, dwelling their of beginning the at was it so And 2Kgs.17:25
thereof. cities the in dwelt and Samaria, possessed they and Israel: of children the of instead Samaria of cities the in them placed and Sepharvaim, from and Hamath, from and Ava, from and Cuthah, from and Babylon, from men brought Assyria of king the And 2Kgs.17:24
day. this unto Assyria to land own their of out away carried Israel was So prophets. the servants his all by said had he as sight, his of out Israel removed Lord the Until 2Kgs.17:23
them; from not departed they did; he which Jeroboam of sins the all in walked Israel of children the For 2Kgs.17:22
sin. great a sin them made and , Lord the following from Israel drave Jeroboam and king: Nebat of son the Jeroboam made they and David; of house the from Israel rent he For 2Kgs.17:21
sight. his of out them cast had he until spoilers, of hand the into them delivered and them, afflicted and Israel, of seed the all rejected Lord the And 2Kgs.17:20
made. they which Israel of statutes the in walked but God, their Lord the of commandments the not kept Judah Also 2Kgs.17:19
only. Judah of tribe the but left none was there sight: his of out them removed and Israel, with angry very was Lord the Therefore 2Kgs.17:18
anger. to him provoke to , Lord the of sight the in evil do to themselves sold and enchantments, and divination used and fire, the through pass to daughters their and sons their caused they And 2Kgs.17:17
Baal. served and heaven, of host the all worshipped and grove, a made and calves, two even images, molten them made and God, their Lord the of commandments the all left they And 2Kgs.17:16
them. like do not should they that them, charged had Lord the whom concerning them, about round were that heathen the after went and vain, became and vanity, followed they and them; against testified he which testimonies his and fathers, their with made he that covenant his and statutes, his rejected they And 2Kgs.17:15
God. their Lord the in believe not did that fathers, their of neck the to like necks, their hardened but hear, not would they Notwithstanding 2Kgs.17:14
prophets. the servants my by you to sent I which and fathers, your commanded I which law the all to according statutes, my and commandments my keep and ways, evil your from ye Turn saying, seers, the all by and prophets, the all by Judah, against and Israel, against testified Lord the Yet 2Kgs.17:13
thing. this do not shall Ye them, unto said had Lord the whereof idols, served they For 2Kgs.17:12
anger: to Lord the provoke to things wicked wrought and them; before away carried Lord the whom heathen the did as places, high the all in incense burnt they there And 2Kgs.17:11
tree: green every under and hill, high every in groves and images up them set they And 2Kgs.17:10
city. fenced the to watchmen the of tower the from cities, their all in places high them built they and God, their Lord the against right not were that things those secretly did Israel of children the And 2Kgs.17:9
made. had they which Israel, of kings the of and Israel, of children the before from out cast Lord the whom heathen, the of statutes the in walked And 2Kgs.17:8
gods, other feared had and Egypt, of king Pharaoh of hand the under from Egypt, of land the of out up them brought had which God, their Lord the against sinned had Israel of children the that was, it so For 2Kgs.17:7
Medes. the of cities the in and Gozan, of river the by Habor in and Halah in them placed and Assyria, into away Israel carried and Samaria, took Assyria of king the Hoshea of year ninth the In 2Kgs.17:6
years. three it besieged and Samaria, to up went and land, the all throughout up came Assyria of king the Then 2Kgs.17:5
prison. in him bound and up, him shut Assyria of king the therefore year: by year done had he as Assyria, of king the to present no brought and Egypt, of king So to messengers sent had he for Hoshea: in conspiracy found Assyria of king the And 2Kgs.17:4
presents. him gave and servant, his became Hoshea and Assyria; of king Shalmaneser up came him Against 2Kgs.17:3
him. before were that Israel of kings the as not but , Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.17:2
years. nine Israel over Samaria in reign to Elah of son the Hoshea began Judah of king Ahaz of year twelfth the In 2Kgs.17:1
stead. his in reigned son his Hezekiah and David: of city the in fathers his with buried was and fathers, his with slept Ahaz And 2Kgs.16:20
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he which Ahaz of acts the of rest the Now 2Kgs.16:19
Assyria. of king the for Lord the of house the from he turned without, entry king's the and house, the in built had they that sabbath the for covert the And 2Kgs.16:18
stones. of pavement the upon it put and it, under were that oxen brasen the off from sea the down took and them; off from laver the removed and bases, the of borders the off cut Ahaz king And 2Kgs.16:17
commanded. Ahaz king that all to according priest, the Urijah did Thus 2Kgs.16:16
by. enquire to me for be shall altar brasen the and sacrifice: the of blood the all and offering, burnt the of blood the all it upon sprinkle and offerings; drink their and offering, meat their and land, the of people the all of offering burnt the with offering, meat his and sacrifice, burnt king's the and offering, meat evening the and offering, burnt morning the burn altar great the Upon saying, priest, the Urijah commanded Ahaz king And 2Kgs.16:15
altar. the of side north the on it put and , Lord the of house the and altar the between from house, the of forefront the from , Lord the before was which altar, brasen the also brought he And 2Kgs.16:14
altar. the upon offerings, peace his of blood the sprinkled and offering, drink his poured and offering, meat his and offering burnt his burnt he And 2Kgs.16:13
thereon. offered and altar, the to approached king the and altar: the saw king the Damascus, from come was king the when And 2Kgs.16:12
Damascus. from came Ahaz king against it made priest the Urijah so Damascus: from sent had Ahaz king that all to according altar an built priest the Urijah And 2Kgs.16:11
thereof. workmanship the all to according it, of pattern the and altar, the of fashion the priest the Urijah to sent Ahaz king and Damascus: at was that altar an saw and Assyria, of king Tiglathpileser meet to Damascus to went Ahaz king And 2Kgs.16:10
Rezin. slew and Kir, to captive it of people the carried and it, took and Damascus, against up went Assyria of king the for him: unto hearkened Assyria of king the And 2Kgs.16:9
Assyria. of king the to present a for it sent and house, king's the of treasures the in and , Lord the of house the in found was that gold and silver the took Ahaz And 2Kgs.16:8
me. against up rise which Israel, of king the of hand the of out and Syria, of king the of hand the of out me save and up, come son: thy and servant thy am I saying, Assyria, of king Tiglathpileser to messengers sent Ahaz So 2Kgs.16:7
day. this unto there dwelt and Elath, to came Syrians the and Elath: from Jews the drave and Syria, to Elath recovered Syria of king Rezin time that At 2Kgs.16:6
him. overcome not could but Ahaz, besieged they and war: to Jerusalem to up came Israel of king Remaliah of son Pekah and Syria of king Rezin Then 2Kgs.16:5
tree. green every under and hills, the on and places, high the in incense burnt and sacrificed he And 2Kgs.16:4
Israel. of children the before from out cast Lord the whom heathen, the of abominations the to according fire, the through pass to son his made and yea, Israel, of kings the of way the in walked he But 2Kgs.16:3
father. his David like God, his Lord the of sight the in right was which that not did and Jerusalem, in years sixteen reigned and reign, to began he when Ahaz was old years Twenty 2Kgs.16:2
reign. to began Judah of king Jotham of son the Ahaz Remaliah of son the Pekah of year seventeenth the In 2Kgs.16:1
stead. his in reigned son his Ahaz and father: his David of city the in fathers his with buried was and fathers, his with slept Jotham And 2Kgs.15:38
Remaliah. of son the Pekah and Syria, of king the Rezin Judah against send to began Lord the days those In 2Kgs.15:37
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he that all and Jotham, of acts the of rest the Now 2Kgs.15:36
. Lord the of house the of gate higher the built He places. high the in still incense burned and sacrificed people the removed: not were places high the Howbeit 2Kgs.15:35
done. had Uzziah father his that all to according did he : Lord the of sight the in right was which that did he And 2Kgs.15:34
Zadok. of daughter the Jerusha, was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years sixteen reigned he and reign, to began he when he was old years twenty and Five 2Kgs.15:33
reign. to Judah of king Uzziah of son the Jotham began Israel of king Remaliah of son the Pekah of year second the In 2Kgs.15:32
Israel. of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written are they behold, did, he that all and Pekah, of acts the of rest the And 2Kgs.15:31
Uzziah. of son the Jotham of year twentieth the in stead, his in reigned and him, slew and him, smote and Remaliah, of son the Pekah against conspiracy a made Elah of son the Hoshea And 2Kgs.15:30
Assyria. to captive them carried and Naphtali, of land the all Galilee, and Gilead, and Hazor, and Kedesh, and Janoah, and Abelbethmaachah, and Ijon, took and Assyria, of king Tiglathpileser came Israel of king Pekah of days the In 2Kgs.15:29
sin. to Israel made who Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of sins the from not departed he : Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.15:28
years. twenty reigned and Samaria, in Israel over reign to began Remaliah of son the Pekah Judah of king Azariah of year fiftieth and two the In 2Kgs.15:27
Israel. of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written are they behold, did, he that all and Pekahiah, of acts the of rest the And 2Kgs.15:26
room. his in reigned and him, killed he and Gileadites: the of men fifty him with and Arieh, and Argob with house, king's the of palace the in Samaria, in him smote and him, against conspired his, of captain a Remaliah, of son the Pekah But 2Kgs.15:25
sin. to Israel made who Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of sins the from not departed he : Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.15:24
years. two reigned and Samaria, in Israel over reign to began Menahem of son the Pekahiah Judah of king Azariah of year fiftieth the In 2Kgs.15:23
stead. his in reigned son his Pekahiah and fathers; his with slept Menahem And 2Kgs.15:22
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he that all and Menahem, of acts the of rest the And 2Kgs.15:21
land. the in there not stayed and back, turned Assyria of king the So Assyria. of king the to give to silver, of shekels fifty man each of wealth, of men mighty the all of even Israel, of money the exacted Menahem And 2Kgs.15:20
hand. his in kingdom the confirm to him with be might hand his that silver, of talents thousand a Pul gave Menahem and land: the against came Assyria of king the Pul And 2Kgs.15:19
sin. to Israel made who Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of sins the from days his all not departed he : Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.15:18
Samaria. in years ten reigned and Israel, over reign to Gadi of son the Menahem began Judah of king Azariah of year thirtieth and nine the In 2Kgs.15:17
up. ripped he child with were that therein women the all and it; smote he therefore him, to not opened they because Tirzah: from thereof coasts the and therein, were that all and Tiphsah, smote Menahem Then 2Kgs.15:16
Israel. of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written are they behold, made, he which conspiracy his and Shallum, of acts the of rest the And 2Kgs.15:15
stead. his in reigned and him, slew and Samaria, in Jabesh of son the Shallum smote and Samaria, to came and Tirzah, from up went Gadi of son the Menahem For 2Kgs.15:14
Samaria. in month full a reigned he and Judah; of king Uzziah of year thirtieth and nine the in reign to began Jabesh of son the Shallum 2Kgs.15:13
pass. to came it so And generation. fourth the unto Israel of throne the on sit shall sons Thy saying, Jehu, unto spake he which Lord the of word the was This 2Kgs.15:12
Israel. of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written are they behold, Zachariah, of acts the of rest the And 2Kgs.15:11
stead. his in reigned and him, slew and people, the before him smote and him, against conspired Jabesh of son the Shallum And 2Kgs.15:10
sin. to Israel made who Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of sins the from not departed he done: had fathers his as , Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.15:9
months. six Samaria in Israel over reign Jeroboam of son the Zachariah did Judah of king Azariah of year eighth and thirty the In 2Kgs.15:8
stead. his in reigned son his Jotham and David: of city the in fathers his with him buried they and fathers; his with slept Azariah So 2Kgs.15:7
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he that all and Azariah, of acts the of rest the And 2Kgs.15:6
land. the of people the judging house, the over was son king's the Jotham And house. several a in dwelt and death, his of day the unto leper a was he that so king, the smote Lord the And 2Kgs.15:5
places. high the on still incense burnt and sacrificed people the removed: not were places high the that Save 2Kgs.15:4
done; had Amaziah father his that all to according , Lord the of sight the in right was which that did he And 2Kgs.15:3
Jerusalem. of Jecholiah was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years fifty and two reigned he and reign, to began he when he was old years Sixteen 2Kgs.15:2
reign. to Judah of king Amaziah of son Azariah began Israel of king Jeroboam of year seventh and twenty the In 2Kgs.15:1
stead. his in reigned son his Zachariah and Israel; of kings the with even fathers, his with slept Jeroboam And 2Kgs.14:29
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are Israel, for Judah, to belonged which Hamath, and Damascus, recovered he how and warred, he how might, his and did, he that all and Jeroboam, of acts the of rest the Now 2Kgs.14:28
Joash. of son the Jeroboam of hand the by them saved he but heaven: under from Israel of name the out blot would he that not said Lord the And 2Kgs.14:27
Israel. for helper any nor left, any nor up, shut any not was there for bitter: very was it that Israel, of affliction the saw Lord the For 2Kgs.14:26
Gathhepher. of was which prophet, the Amittai, of son the Jonah, servant his of hand the by spake he which Israel, of God Lord the of word the to according plain, the of sea the unto Hamath of entering the from Israel of coast the restored He 2Kgs.14:25
sin. to Israel made who Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of sins the all from not departed he : Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.14:24
years. one and forty reigned and Samaria, in reign to began Israel of king Joash of son the Jeroboam Judah of king Joash of son the Amaziah of year fifteenth the In 2Kgs.14:23
fathers. his with slept king the that after Judah, to it restored and Elath, built He 2Kgs.14:22
Amaziah. father his of instead king him made and old, years sixteen was which Azariah, took Judah of people the all And 2Kgs.14:21
David. of city the in fathers his with Jerusalem at buried was he and horses: on him brought they And 2Kgs.14:20
there. him slew and Lachish, to him after sent they but Lachish; to fled he and Jerusalem: in him against conspiracy a made they Now 2Kgs.14:19
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are Amaziah, of acts the of rest the And 2Kgs.14:18
years. fifteen Israel of king Jehoahaz of son Jehoash of death the after lived Judah of king Joash of son the Amaziah And 2Kgs.14:17
stead. his in reigned son his Jeroboam and Israel; of kings the with Samaria in buried was and fathers, his with slept Jehoash And 2Kgs.14:16
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are Judah, of king Amaziah with fought he how and might, his and did, he which Jehoash of acts the of rest the Now 2Kgs.14:15
Samaria. to returned and hostages, and house, king's the of treasures the in and , Lord the of house the in found were that vessels the all and silver, and gold the all took he And 2Kgs.14:14
cubits. hundred four gate, corner the unto Ephraim of gate the from Jerusalem of wall the down brake and Jerusalem, to came and Bethshemesh, at Ahaziah, of son the Jehoash of son the Judah, of king Amaziah took Israel of king Jehoash And 2Kgs.14:13
tents. their to man every fled they and Israel; before worse the to put was Judah And 2Kgs.14:12
Judah. to belongeth which Bethshemesh, at face the in another one looked Judah of king Amaziah and he and up; went Israel of king Jehoash Therefore hear. not would Amaziah But 2Kgs.14:11
thee? with Judah and thou, even fall, shouldest thou that hurt, thy to meddle thou shouldest why for home: at tarry and this, of glory up: thee lifted hath heart thine and Edom, smitten indeed hast Thou 2Kgs.14:10
thistle. the down trode and Lebanon, in was that beast wild a by passed there and wife: to son my to daughter thy Give saying, Lebanon, in was that cedar the to sent Lebanon in was that thistle The saying, Judah, of king Amaziah to sent Israel of king the Jehoash And 2Kgs.14:9
face. the in another one look us let Come, saying, Israel, of king Jehu, of son Jehoahaz of son the Jehoash, to messengers sent Amaziah Then 2Kgs.14:8
day. this unto Joktheel it of name the called and war, by Selah took and thousand, ten salt of valley the in Edom of slew He 2Kgs.14:7
sin. own his for death to put be shall man every but fathers; the for death to put be children the nor children, the for death to put be not shall fathers The saying, commanded, Lord the wherein Moses, of law the of book the in written is which that unto according not: slew he murderers the of children the But 2Kgs.14:6
father. his king the slain had which servants his slew he that hand, his in confirmed was kingdom the as soon as pass, to came it And 2Kgs.14:5
places. high the on incense burnt and sacrifice did people the yet as away: taken not were places high the Howbeit 2Kgs.14:4
did. father his Joash as things all to according did he father: his David like not yet , Lord the of sight the in right was which that did he And 2Kgs.14:3
Jerusalem. of Jehoaddan was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years nine and twenty reigned and reign, to began he when old years five and twenty was He 2Kgs.14:2
Judah. of king Joash of son the Amaziah reigned Israel of king Jehoahaz of son Joash of year second the In 2Kgs.14:1
Israel. of cities the recovered and him, beat Joash did times Three war. by father his Jehoahaz of hand the of out taken had he which cities, the Hazael of son the Benhadad of hand the of out again took Jehoahaz of son the Jehoash And 2Kgs.13:25
stead. his in reigned son his Benhadad and died; Syria of king Hazael So 2Kgs.13:24
yet. as presence his from them he cast neither them, destroy not would and Jacob, and Isaac, Abraham, with covenant his of because them, unto respect had and them, on compassion had and them, unto gracious was Lord the And 2Kgs.13:23
Jehoahaz. of days the all Israel oppressed Syria of king Hazael But 2Kgs.13:22
feet. his on up stood and revived, he Elisha, of bones the touched and down, let was man the when and Elisha: of sepulchre the into man the cast they and men; of band a spied they behold, that, man, a burying were they as pass, to came it And 2Kgs.13:21
year. the of in coming the at land the invaded Moabites the of bands the And him. buried they and died, Elisha And 2Kgs.13:20
thrice. but Syria smite shalt thou now whereas it: consumed hadst thou till Syria smitten thou hadst then times; six or five smitten have shouldest Thou said, and him, with wroth was God of man the And 2Kgs.13:19
stayed. and thrice, smote he And ground. the upon Smite Israel, of king the unto said he And them. took he And arrows. the Take said, he And 2Kgs.13:18
them. consumed have thou till Aphek, in Syrians the smite shalt thou for Syria: from deliverance of arrow the and deliverance, 's Lord the of arrow The said, he And shot. he And Shoot. said, Elisha Then it. opened he And eastward. window the Open said, he And 2Kgs.13:17
hands. king's the upon hands his put Elisha and it: upon hand his put he And bow. the upon hand thine Put Israel, of king the to said he And 2Kgs.13:16
arrows. and bow him unto took he And arrows. and bow Take him, unto said Elisha And 2Kgs.13:15
thereof. horsemen the and Israel, of chariot the father, my father, my O said, and face, his over wept and him, unto down came Israel of king the Joash And died. he whereof sickness his of sick fallen was Elisha Now 2Kgs.13:14
Israel. of kings the with Samaria in buried was Joash and throne: his upon sat Jeroboam and fathers; his with slept Joash And 2Kgs.13:13
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are Judah, of king Amaziah against fought he wherewith might his and did, he that all and Joash, of acts the of rest the And 2Kgs.13:12
therein. walked he but sin: Israel made who Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of sins the all from not departed he ; Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.13:11
years. sixteen reigned and Samaria, in Israel over reign to Jehoahaz of son the Jehoash began Judah of king Joash of year seventh and thirty the In 2Kgs.13:10
stead. his in reigned son his Joash and Samaria: in him buried they and fathers; his with slept Jehoahaz And 2Kgs.13:9
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are might, his and did, he that all and Jehoahaz, of acts the of rest the Now 2Kgs.13:8
threshing. by dust the like them made had and them, destroyed had Syria of king the for footmen; thousand ten and chariots, ten and horsemen, fifty but Jehoahaz to people the of leave he did Neither 2Kgs.13:7
Samaria.) in also grove the remained there and therein: walked but sin, Israel made who Jeroboam, of house the of sins the from not departed they Nevertheless 2Kgs.13:6
beforetime. as tents, their in dwelt Israel of children the and Syrians: the of hand the under from out went they that so saviour, a Israel gave Lord the (And 2Kgs.13:5
them. oppressed Syria of king the because Israel, of oppression the saw he for him: unto hearkened Lord the and , Lord the besought Jehoahaz And 2Kgs.13:4
days. their all Hazael, of son the Benhadad of hand the into and Syria, of king Hazael of hand the into them delivered he and Israel, against kindled was Lord the of anger the And 2Kgs.13:3
therefrom. not departed he sin; to Israel made which Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of sins the followed and , Lord the of sight the in evil was which that did he And 2Kgs.13:2
years. seventeen reigned and Samaria, in Israel over reign to began Jehu of son the Jehoahaz Judah of king Ahaziah of son the Joash of year twentieth and three the In 2Kgs.13:1
stead. his in reigned son his Amaziah and David: of city the in fathers his with him buried they and died; he and him, smote servants, his Shomer, of son the Jehozabad and Shimeath, of son the Jozachar For 2Kgs.12:21
Silla. to down goeth which Millo, of house the in Joash slew and conspiracy, a made and arose, servants his And 2Kgs.12:20
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he that all and Joash, of acts the of rest the And 2Kgs.12:19
Jerusalem. from away went he and Syria: of king Hazael to it sent and house, king's the in and , Lord the of house the of treasures the in found was that gold the all and things, hallowed own his and dedicated, had Judah, of kings fathers, his Ahaziah, and Jehoram, and Jehoshaphat, that things hallowed the all took Judah of king Jehoash And 2Kgs.12:18
Jerusalem. to up go to face his set Hazael and it: took and Gath, against fought and up, went Syria of king Hazael Then 2Kgs.12:17
priests'. the was it : Lord the of house the into brought not was money sin and money trespass The 2Kgs.12:16
faithfully. dealt they for workmen: on bestowed be to money the delivered they hand whose into men, the with not reckoned they Moreover 2Kgs.12:15
. Lord the of house the therewith repaired and workmen, the to that gave they But 2Kgs.12:14
: Lord the of house the into brought was that money the of silver, of vessels or gold, of vessels any trumpets, basons, snuffers, silver, of bowls Lord the of house the for made not were there Howbeit 2Kgs.12:13
it. repair to house the for out laid was that all for and , Lord the of house the of breaches the repair to stone hewed and timber buy to and stone, of hewers and masons, to And 2Kgs.12:12
, Lord the of house the upon wrought that builders, and carpenters the to out it laid they and : Lord the of house the of oversight the had that work, the did that them of hands the into told, being money, the gave they And 2Kgs.12:11
. Lord the of house the in found was that money the told and bags, in up put they and up, came priest high the and scribe king's the that chest, the in money much was there that saw they when so, was it And 2Kgs.12:10
. Lord the of house the into brought was that money the all therein put door the kept that priests the and : Lord the of house the into cometh one as side right the on altar, the beside it set and it, of lid the in hole a bored and chest, a took priest the Jehoiada But 2Kgs.12:9
house. the of breaches the repair to neither people, the of money more no receive to consented priests the And 2Kgs.12:8
house. the of breaches the for it deliver but acquaintance, your of money more no receive therefore now house? the of breaches the not ye repair Why them, unto said and priests, other the and priest, the Jehoiada for called Jehoash king Then 2Kgs.12:7
house. the of breaches the repaired not had priests the Jehoash king of year twentieth and three the in that so, was it But 2Kgs.12:6
found. be shall breach any wheresoever house, the of breaches the repair them let and acquaintance: his of man every them, to it take priests the Let 2Kgs.12:5
, Lord the of house the into bring to heart man's any into cometh that money the all and at, set is man every that money the account, the passeth that one every of money the even , Lord the of house the into brought is that things dedicated the of money the All priests, the to said Jehoash And 2Kgs.12:4
places. high the in incense burnt and sacrificed still people the away: taken not were places high the But 2Kgs.12:3
him. instructed priest the Jehoiada wherein days his all Lord the of sight the in right was which that did Jehoash And 2Kgs.12:2
Beersheba. of Zibiah was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in he reigned years forty and reign; to began Jehoash Jehu of year seventh the In 2Kgs.12:1
reign. to began he when Jehoash was old years Seven 2Kgs.11:21
house. king's the beside sword the with Athaliah slew they and quiet: in was city the and rejoiced, land the of people the all And 2Kgs.11:20
kings. the of throne the on sat he And house. king's the to guard the of gate the of way the by came and , Lord the of house the from king the down brought they and land; the of people the all and guard, the and captains, the and hundreds, over rulers the took he And 2Kgs.11:19
. Lord the of house the over officers appointed priest the And altars. the before Baal of priest the Mattan slew and thoroughly, pieces in they brake images his and altars his down; it brake and Baal, of house the into went land the of people the all And 2Kgs.11:18
people. the and also king the between people; 's Lord the be should they that people, the and king the and Lord the between covenant a made Jehoiada And 2Kgs.11:17
slain. she was there and house: king's the into came horses the which the by way the by went she and her; on hands laid they And 2Kgs.11:16
. Lord the of house the in slain be not her Let said, had priest the For sword. the with kill her followeth that him and ranges: the without forth her Have them, unto said and host, the of officers the hundreds, the of captains the commanded priest the Jehoiada But 2Kgs.11:15
Treason. Treason, cried, and clothes, her rent Athaliah and trumpets: with blew and rejoiced, land the of people the all and king, the by trumpeters the and princes the and was, manner the as pillar, a by stood king the behold, looked, she when And 2Kgs.11:14
. Lord the of temple the into people the to came she people, the of and guard the of noise the heard Athaliah when And 2Kgs.11:13
king. the save God said, and hands, their clapped they and him; anointed and king, him made they and testimony; the him gave and him, upon crown the put and son, king's the forth brought he And 2Kgs.11:12
temple. the and altar the by along temple, the of corner left the to temple the of corner right the from king, the about round hand, his in weapons his with man every stood, guard the And 2Kgs.11:11
. Lord the of temple the in were that shields, and spears David's king give priest the did hundreds over captains the to And 2Kgs.11:10
priest. the Jehoiada to came and sabbath, the on out go should that them with sabbath, the on in come to were that men his man every took they and commanded: priest the Jehoiada that things all to according did hundreds the over captains the And 2Kgs.11:9
in. cometh he as and out goeth he as king the with ye be and slain: be him let ranges, the within cometh that he and hand: his in weapons his with man every about, round king the compass shall ye And 2Kgs.11:8
king. the about Lord the of house the of watch the keep shall they even sabbath, the on forth go that you all of parts two And 2Kgs.11:7
down. broken not be it that house, the of watch the keep ye shall so guard: the behind gate the at part third a and Sur; of gate the at be shall part third a And 2Kgs.11:6
house; king's the of watch the of keepers be even shall sabbath the on in enter that you of part third A do; shall ye that thing the is This saying, them, commanded he And 2Kgs.11:5
son. king's the them shewed and , Lord the of house the in them of oath an took and them, with covenant a made and , Lord the of house the into him to them brought and guard, the and captains the with hundreds, over rulers the fetched and sent Jehoiada year seventh the And 2Kgs.11:4
land. the over reign did Athaliah And years. six Lord the of house the in hid her with was he And 2Kgs.11:3
slain. not was he that so Athaliah, from bedchamber the in nurse, his and him even him, hid they and slain; were which sons king's the among from him stole and Ahaziah, of son the Joash took Ahaziah, of sister Joram, king of daughter the Jehosheba, But 2Kgs.11:2
royal. seed the all destroyed and arose she dead, was son her that saw Ahaziah of mother the Athaliah when And 2Kgs.11:1
years. eight and twenty was Samaria in Israel over reigned Jehu that time the And 2Kgs.10:36
stead. his in reigned son his Jehoahaz And Samaria. in him buried they and fathers: his with slept Jehu And 2Kgs.10:35
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are might, his all and did, he that all and Jehu, of acts the of rest the Now 2Kgs.10:34
Bashan. and Gilead even Arnon, river the by is which Aroer, from Manassites, the and Reubenites, the and Gadites, the Gilead, of land the all eastward, Jordan From 2Kgs.10:33
Israel; of coasts the all in them smote Hazael and short: Israel cut to began Lord the days those In 2Kgs.10:32
sin. to Israel made which Jeroboam, of sins the from not departed he for heart: his all with Israel of God Lord the of law the in walk to heed no took Jehu But 2Kgs.10:31
Israel. of throne the on sit shall generation fourth the of children thy heart, mine in was that all to according Ahab of house the unto done hast and eyes, mine in right is which that executing in well done hast thou Because Jehu, unto said Lord the And 2Kgs.10:30
Dan. in were that and Bethel, in were that calves golden the wit, to them, after from not departed Jehu sin, to Israel made who Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of sins the from Howbeit 2Kgs.10:29
Israel. of out Baal destroyed Jehu Thus 2Kgs.10:28
day. this unto house draught a it made and Baal, of house the down brake and Baal, of image the down brake they And 2Kgs.10:27
them. burned and Baal, of house the of out images the forth brought they And 2Kgs.10:26
Baal. of house the of city the to went and out, them cast captains the and guard the and sword; the of edge the with them smote they And forth. come none let them; slay and in, Go captains, the to and guard the to said Jehu that offering, burnt the offering of end an made had he as soon as pass, to came it And 2Kgs.10:25
him. of life the for be shall life his go, him letteth that he escape, hands your into brought have I whom men the of any If said, and without, men fourscore appointed Jehu offerings, burnt and sacrifices offer to in went they when And 2Kgs.10:24
only. Baal of worshippers the but , Lord the of servants the of none you with here be there that look and Search, Baal, of worshippers the unto said and Baal, of house the into Rechab, of son the Jehonadab and went, Jehu And 2Kgs.10:23
vestments. forth them brought he And Baal. of worshippers the all for vestments forth Bring vestry, the over was that him unto said he And 2Kgs.10:22
another. to end one from full was Baal of house the and Baal; of house the into came they And not. came that left man a not was there that so came, Baal of worshippers the all and Israel: all through sent Jehu And 2Kgs.10:21
it. proclaimed they And Baal. for assembly solemn a Proclaim said, Jehu And 2Kgs.10:20
Baal. of worshippers the destroy might he that intent the to subtilty, in it did Jehu But live. not shall he wanting, be shall whosoever Baal; to do to sacrifice great a have I for wanting: be none let priests; his all and servants, his all Baal, of prophets the all me unto call therefore Now 2Kgs.10:19
much. him serve shall Jehu but little; a Baal served Ahab them, unto said and together, people the all gathered Jehu And 2Kgs.10:18
Elijah. to spake he which , Lord the of saying the to according him, destroyed had he till Samaria, in Ahab unto remained that all slew he Samaria, to came he when And 2Kgs.10:17
chariot. his in ride him made they So . Lord the for zeal my see and me, with Come said, he And 2Kgs.10:16
chariot. the into him to up him took he and hand; his him gave he And hand. thine me give be, it If is. It answered, Jehonadab And heart? thy with is heart my as right, heart thine Is him, to said and him, saluted he and him: meet to coming Rechab of son the Jehonadab on lighted he thence, departed was he when And 2Kgs.10:15
them. of any he left neither men; forty and two even house, shearing the of pit the at them slew and alive, them took they And alive. them Take said, he And 2Kgs.10:14
queen. the of children the and king the of children the salute to down go we and Ahaziah; of brethren the are We answered, they And ye? are Who said, and Judah, of king Ahaziah of brethren the with met Jehu 2Kgs.10:13
way, the in house shearing the at was he as And Samaria. to came and departed, and arose he And 2Kgs.10:12
remaining. none him left he until priests, his and kinsfolks, his and men, great his all and Jezreel, in Ahab of house the of remained that all slew Jehu So 2Kgs.10:11
Elijah. servant his by spake he which that done hath Lord the for Ahab: of house the concerning spake Lord the which , Lord the of word the of nothing earth the unto fall shall there that now Know 2Kgs.10:10
these? all slew who but him: slew and master, my against conspired I behold, righteous: be Ye people, the all to said and stood, and out, went he that morning, the in pass to came it And 2Kgs.10:9
morning. the until gate the of in entering the at heaps two in them ye Lay said, he And sons. king's the of heads the brought have They saying, him, told and messenger, a came there And 2Kgs.10:8
Jezreel. to them him sent and baskets, in heads their put and persons, seventy slew and sons, king's the took they that them, to came letter the when pass, to came it And 2Kgs.10:7
up. them brought which city, the of men great the with were persons, seventy being sons, king's the Now time. this morrow to by Jezreel to me to come and sons, master's your men the of heads the ye take voice, my unto hearken will ye if and mine, be ye If saying, them, to time second the letter a wrote he Then 2Kgs.10:6
eyes. thine in good is which that thou do king: any make not will we us; bid shalt thou that all do will and servants, thy are We saying, Jehu, to sent children, the of up bringers the and also, elders the city, the over was that he and house, the over was that he And 2Kgs.10:5
stand? we shall then how him: before not stood kings two Behold, said, and afraid, exceedingly were they But 2Kgs.10:4
house. master's your for fight and throne, father's his on him set and sons, master's your of meetest and best the out even Look 2Kgs.10:3
armour; and also, city fenced a horses, and chariots you with are there and you, with are sons master's your seeing you, to cometh letter this as soon as Now 2Kgs.10:2
saying, children, Ahab's up brought that them to and elders, the to Jezreel, of rulers the unto Samaria, to sent and letters, wrote Jehu And Samaria. in sons seventy had Ahab And 2Kgs.10:1
Jezebel. is This say, not shall they that so Jezreel; of portion the in field the of face the upon dung as be shall Jezebel of carcase the And 2Kgs.9:37
Jezebel: of flesh the eat dogs shall Jezreel of portion the In saying, Tishbite, the Elijah servant his by spake he which , Lord the of word the is This said, he And him. told and again, came they Wherefore 2Kgs.9:36
hands. her of palms the and feet, the and skull, the than her of more no found they but her: bury to went they And 2Kgs.9:35
daughter. king's a is she for her: bury and woman, cursed this now see Go, said, and drink, and eat did he in, come was he when And 2Kgs.9:34
foot. under her trode he and horses: the on and wall, the on sprinkled was blood her of some and down: her threw they So down. her Throw said, he And 2Kgs.9:33
eunuchs. three or two him to out looked there And who? side? my on is Who said, and window, the to face his up lifted he And 2Kgs.9:32
master? his slew who peace, Zimri Had said, she gate, the at in entered Jehu as And 2Kgs.9:31
window. a at out looked and head, her tired and face, her painted she and it; of heard Jezebel Jezreel, to come was Jehu when And 2Kgs.9:30
Judah. over reign to Ahaziah began Ahab of son the Joram of year eleventh the in And 2Kgs.9:29
David. of city the in fathers his with sepulchre his in him buried and Jerusalem, to chariot a in him carried servants his And 2Kgs.9:28
there. died and Megiddo, to fled he And Ibleam. by is which Gur, to up going the at so did they And chariot. the in also him Smite said, and him, after followed Jehu And house. garden the of way the by fled he this, saw Judah of king the Ahaziah when But 2Kgs.9:27
. Lord the of word the to according ground, of plat the into him cast and take therefore Now . Lord the saith plat, this in thee requite will I and ; Lord the saith sons, his of blood the and Naboth, of blood the yesterday seen have I Surely 2Kgs.9:26
him; upon burden this laid Lord the father, his Ahab after together rode thou and I when that, how remember for Jezreelite: the Naboth of field the of portion the in him cast and up, Take captain, his Bidkar to Jehu said Then 2Kgs.9:25
chariot. his in down sunk he and heart, his at out went arrow the and arms, his between Jehoram smote and strength, full his with bow a drew Jehu And 2Kgs.9:24
Ahaziah. O treachery, is There Ahaziah, to said and fled, and hands, his turned Joram And 2Kgs.9:23
many? so are witchcrafts her and Jezebel mother thy of whoredoms the as long so peace, What answered, he And Jehu? peace, it Is said, he that Jehu, saw Joram when pass, to came it And 2Kgs.9:22
Jezreelite. the Naboth of portion the in him met and Jehu, against out went they and chariot, his in each out, went Judah of king Ahaziah and Israel of king Joram And ready. made was chariot his And ready. Make said, Joram And 2Kgs.9:21
furiously. driveth he for Nimshi; of son the Jehu of driving the like is driving the and again: not cometh and them, unto even came He saying, told, watchman the And 2Kgs.9:20
me. behind thee turn peace? with do to thou hast What answered, Jehu And peace? it Is king, the saith Thus said, and them, to came which horseback, on second a out sent he Then 2Kgs.9:19
again. not cometh he but them, to came messenger The saying, told, watchman the And me. behind thee turn peace? with do to thou hast What said, Jehu And peace? it Is king, the saith Thus said, and him, meet to horseback on one went there So 2Kgs.9:18
peace? it Is say, him let and them, meet to send and horseman, an Take said, Joram And company. a see I said, and came, he as Jehu of company the spied he and Jezreel, in tower the on watchman a stood there And 2Kgs.9:17
Joram. see to down come was Judah of king Ahaziah And there. lay Joram for Jezreel; to went and chariot, a in rode Jehu So 2Kgs.9:16
Jezreel. in it tell to go to city the of out escape nor forth go none let then minds, your be it If said, Jehu And Syria.) of king Hazael with fought he when him, given had Syrians the which wounds the of Jezreel in healed be to returned was Joram king But 2Kgs.9:15
Syria. of king Hazael of because Israel, all and he Ramothgilead, kept had Joram (Now Joram. against conspired Nimshi of son the Jehoshaphat of son the Jehu So 2Kgs.9:14
king. is Jehu saying, trumpets, with blew and stairs, the of top the on him under it put and garment, his man every took and hasted, they Then 2Kgs.9:13
Israel. over king thee anointed have I , Lord the saith Thus saying, me, to he spake thus and Thus said, he And now. us tell false; is It said, they And 2Kgs.9:12
communication. his and man, the know Ye them, unto said he And thee? to fellow mad this came wherefore well? all Is him, unto said one and lord: his of servants the to forth came Jehu Then 2Kgs.9:11
fled. and door, the opened he And her. bury to none be shall there and Jezreel, of portion the in Jezebel eat shall dogs the And 2Kgs.9:10
Ahijah: of son the Baasha of house the like and Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of house the like Ahab of house the make will I And 2Kgs.9:9
Israel: in left and up shut is that him and wall, the against pisseth that him Ahab from off cut will I and perish: shall Ahab of house whole the For 2Kgs.9:8
Jezebel. of hand the at , Lord the of servants the all of blood the and prophets, the servants my of blood the avenge may I that master, thy Ahab of house the smite shalt thou And 2Kgs.9:7
Israel. over even , Lord the of people the over king thee anointed have I Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus him, unto said and head, his on oil the poured he and house; the into went and arose, he And 2Kgs.9:6
captain. O thee, To said, he And us? all of which Unto said, Jehu And captain. O thee, to errand an have I said, he and sitting; were host the of captains the behold, came, he when And 2Kgs.9:5
Ramothgilead. to went prophet, the man young the even man, young the So 2Kgs.9:4
not. tarry and flee, and door, the open Then Israel. over king thee anointed have I , Lord the saith Thus say, and head, his on it pour and oil, of box the take Then 2Kgs.9:3
chamber; inner an to him carry and brethren, his among from up arise him make and in, go and Nimshi, of son the Jehoshaphat of son the Jehu there out look thither, comest thou when And 2Kgs.9:2
Ramothgilead: to go and hand, thine in oil of box this take and loins, thy up Gird him, unto said and prophets, the of children the of one called prophet the Elisha And 2Kgs.9:1
sick. was he because Jezreel, in Ahab of son the Joram see to down went Judah of king Jehoram of son the Ahaziah And Syria. of king Hazael against fought he when Ramah, at him given had Syrians the which wounds the of Jezreel in healed be to back went Joram king And 2Kgs.8:29
Joram. wounded Syrians the and Ramothgilead; in Syria of king Hazael against war the to Ahab of son the Joram with went he And 2Kgs.8:28
Ahab. of house the of law in son the was he for Ahab: of house the did as , Lord the of sight the in evil did and Ahab, of house the of way the in walked he And 2Kgs.8:27
Israel. of king Omri of daughter the Athaliah, was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in year one reigned he and reign; to began he when Ahaziah was old years twenty and Two 2Kgs.8:26
reign. to begin Judah of king Jehoram of son the Ahaziah did Israel of king Ahab of son the Joram of year twelfth the In 2Kgs.8:25
stead. his in reigned son his Ahaziah and David: of city the in fathers his with buried was and fathers, his with slept Joram And 2Kgs.8:24
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he that all and Joram, of acts the of rest the And 2Kgs.8:23
time. same the at revolted Libnah Then day. this unto Judah of hand the under from revolted Edom Yet 2Kgs.8:22
tents. their into fled people the and chariots: the of captains the and about, him compassed which Edomites the smote and night, by rose he and him: with chariots the all and Zair, to over went Joram So 2Kgs.8:21
themselves. over king a made and Judah, of hand the under from revolted Edom days his In 2Kgs.8:20
children. his to and light, a alway him give to him promised he as sake, servant's his David for Judah destroy not would Lord the Yet 2Kgs.8:19
. Lord the of sight the in evil did he and wife: his was Ahab of daughter the for Ahab: of house the did as Israel, of kings the of way the in walked he And 2Kgs.8:18
Jerusalem. in years eight reigned he and reign; to began he when he was old years two and Thirty 2Kgs.8:17
reign. to began Judah of king hoshaphat Je of son the Jehoram Judah, of king then being Jehoshaphat Israel, of king Ahab of son the Joram of year fifth the in And 2Kgs.8:16
stead. his in reigned Hazael and died: he that so face, his on it spread and water, in it dipped and cloth, thick a took he that morrow, the on pass to came it And 2Kgs.8:15
recover. surely shouldest thou that me told He answered, he And thee? to Elisha said What him, to said who master; his to came and Elisha, from departed he So 2Kgs.8:14
Syria. over king be shalt thou that me shewed hath Lord The answered, Elisha And thing? great this do should he that dog, a servant thy is what, But said, Hazael And 2Kgs.8:13
child. with women their up rip and children, their dash wilt and sword, the with slay thou wilt men young their and fire, on set thou wilt holds strong their Israel: of children the unto do wilt thou that evil the know I Because answered, he And lord? my weepeth Why said, Hazael And 2Kgs.8:12
wept. God of man the and ashamed: was he until stedfastly, countenance his settled he And 2Kgs.8:11
die. surely shall he that me shewed hath Lord the howbeit recover: certainly mayest Thou him, unto say Go, him, unto said Elisha And 2Kgs.8:10
disease? this of recover I Shall saying, thee, to me sent hath Syria of king Benhadad son Thy said, and him, before stood and came and burden, camels' forty Damascus, of thing good every of even him, with present a took and him, meet to went Hazael So 2Kgs.8:9
disease? this of recover I Shall saying, him, by Lord the of enquire and God, of man the meet go, and hand, thine in present a Take Hazael, unto said king the And 2Kgs.8:8
hither. come is God of man The saying, him, told was it and sick; was Syria of king the Benhadad and Damascus; to came Elisha And 2Kgs.8:7
now. until even land, the left she that day the since field the of fruits the all and hers, was that all Restore saying, officer, certain a her unto appointed king the So him. told she woman, the asked king the when And 2Kgs.8:6
life. to restored Elisha whom son, her is this and woman, the is this king, O lord, My said, Gehazi And land. her for and house her for king the to cried life, to restored had he son whose woman, the behold, that, life, to body dead a restored had he how king the telling was he as pass, to came it And 2Kgs.8:5
done. hath Elisha that things great the all thee, pray I me, Tell saying, God, of man the of servant the Gehazi with talked king the And 2Kgs.8:4
land. her for and house her for king the unto cry to forth went she and Philistines: the of land the of out returned woman the that end, years' seven the at pass to came it And 2Kgs.8:3
years. seven Philistines the of land the in sojourned and household, her with went she and God: of man the of saying the after did and arose, woman the And 2Kgs.8:2
years. seven land the upon come also shall it and famine; a for called hath Lord the for sojourn: canst thou wheresoever sojourn and household, thine and thou go and Arise, saying, life, to restored had he son whose woman, the unto Elisha spake Then 2Kgs.8:1
died. he and gate, the in him upon trode people the for him: unto out fell it so And 2Kgs.7:20
thereof. eat not shalt but eyes, thine with it see shalt thou Behold, said, he And be? thing a such might heaven, in windows make should Lord the if behold, Now, said, and God, of man the answered lord that And 2Kgs.7:19
Samaria: of gate the in time this about morrow to be shall shekel, a for flour fine of measure a and shekel, a for barley of measures Two saying, king, the to spoken had God of man the as pass to came it And 2Kgs.7:18
him. to down came king the when spake who said, had God of man the as died, he and gate, the in him upon trode people the and gate: the of charge the have to leaned he hand whose on lord the appointed king the And 2Kgs.7:17
. Lord the of word the to according shekel, a for barley of measures two and shekel, a for sold was flour fine of measure a So Syrians. the of tents the spoiled and out, went people the And 2Kgs.7:16
king. the told and returned, messengers the And haste. their in away cast had Syrians the which vessels, and garments of full was way the all lo, and, Jordan: unto them after went they And 2Kgs.7:15
see. and Go saying, Syrians, the of host the after sent king the and horses; chariot two therefore took They 2Kgs.7:14
see. and send us let and consumed:) are that Israelites the of multitude the all as even are they say, I behold, it: in left are that Israel of multitude the all as are they (behold, city, the in left are which remain, that horses the of five thee, pray I take, some Let said, and answered servants his of one And 2Kgs.7:13
city. the into get and alive, them catch shall we city, the of out come they When saying, field, the in themselves hide to camp the of out gone they are therefore hungry; be we that know They us. to done have Syrians the what you shew now will I servants, his unto said and night, the in arose king the And 2Kgs.7:12
within. house king's the to it told they and porters; the called he And 2Kgs.7:11
were. they as tents the and tied, asses and tied, horses but man, of voice neither there, man no was there behold, and, Syrians, the of camp the to came We saying, them, told they and city: the of porter the unto called and came they So 2Kgs.7:10
household. king's the tell and go may we that come, therefore now us: upon come will mischief some light, morning the till tarry we if peace: our hold we and tidings, good of day a is day this well: not do We another, to one said they Then 2Kgs.7:9
it. hid and went and also, thence carried and tent, another into entered and again, came and it; hid and went and raiment, and gold, and silver, thence carried and drink, and eat did and tent, one into went they camp, the of part uttermost the to came lepers these when And 2Kgs.7:8
life. their for fled and was, it as camp the even asses, their and horses, their and tents, their left and twilight, the in fled and arose they Wherefore 2Kgs.7:7
us. upon come to Egyptians, the of kings the and Hittites, the of kings the us against hired hath Israel of king the Lo, another, to one said they and host: great a of noise the even horses, of noise a and chariots, of noise a hear to Syrians the of host the made had Lord the For 2Kgs.7:6
there. man no was there behold, Syria, of camp the of part uttermost the to come were they when and Syrians: the of camp the unto go to twilight, the in up rose they And 2Kgs.7:5
die. but shall we us, kill they if and live; shall we alive, us save they if Syrians: the of host the unto fall us let and come, therefore Now also. die we here, still sit we if and there: die shall we and city, the in is famine the then city, the into enter will We say, we If 2Kgs.7:4
die? we until here we sit Why another, to one said they and gate: the of in entering the at men leprous four were there And 2Kgs.7:3
thereof. eat not shalt but eyes, thine with it see shalt thou Behold, said, he And be? thing this might heaven, in windows make would Lord the if Behold, said, and God, of man the answered leaned king the hand whose on lord a Then 2Kgs.7:2
Samaria. of gate the in shekel, a for barley of measures two and shekel, a for sold be flour fine of measure a shall time this about morrow To , Lord the saith Thus ; Lord the of word the ye Hear said, Elisha Then 2Kgs.7:1
longer? any Lord the for wait I should what ; Lord the of is evil this Behold, said, he and him: unto down came messenger the behold, them, with talked yet he while And 2Kgs.6:33
him? behind feet master's his of sound the not is door: the at fast him hold and door, the shut cometh, messenger the when look, head? mine away take to sent hath murderer a of son this how ye See elders, the to said he him, to came messenger the ere but him: before from man a sent king the and him; with sat elders the and house, his in sat Elisha But 2Kgs.6:32
day. this him on stand shall Shaphat of son the Elisha of head the if me, to also more and so do God said, he Then 2Kgs.6:31
flesh. his upon within sackcloth had he behold, and, looked, people the and wall, the upon by passed he and clothes; his rent he that woman, the of words the heard king the when pass, to came it And 2Kgs.6:30
son. her hid hath she and him: eat may we that son, thy Give day, next the on her unto said I and him: eat did and son, my boiled we So 2Kgs.6:29
morrow. to son my eat will we and day, to him eat may we that son, thy Give me, unto said woman This answered, she And thee? aileth What her, unto said king the And 2Kgs.6:28
winepress? the of out or barnfloor, the of out thee? help I shall whence thee, help not do Lord the If said, he And 2Kgs.6:27
king. O lord, my Help, saying, him, unto woman a cried there wall, the upon by passing was Israel of king the as And 2Kgs.6:26
silver. of pieces five for dung dove's of cab a of part fourth the and silver, of pieces fourscore for sold was head ass's an until it, besieged they behold, and, Samaria: in famine great a was there And 2Kgs.6:25
Samaria. besieged and up, went and host, his all gathered Syria of king Benhadad that this, after pass to came it And 2Kgs.6:24
Israel. of land the into more no came Syria of bands the So master. their to went they and away, them sent he drunk, and eaten had they when and them: for provision great prepared he And 2Kgs.6:23
master. their to go and drink, and eat may they that them, before water and bread set bow? thy with and sword thy with captive taken hast thou whom those smite thou wouldest them: smite not shalt Thou answered, he And 2Kgs.6:22
them? smite I shall them? smite I shall father, My them, saw he when Elisha, unto said Israel of king the And 2Kgs.6:21
Samaria. of midst the in were they behold, and, saw; they and eyes, their opened Lord the And see. may they that men, these of eyes the open , Lord said, Elisha that Samaria, into come were they when pass, to came it And 2Kgs.6:20
Samaria. to them led he But seek. ye whom man the to you bring will I and me, follow city: the this is neither way, the not is This them, unto said Elisha And 2Kgs.6:19
Elisha. of word the to according blindness with them smote he And blindness. with thee, pray I people, this Smite said, and , Lord the unto prayed Elisha him, to down came they when And 2Kgs.6:18
Elisha. about round fire of chariots and horses of full was mountain the behold, and, saw: he and man; young the of eyes the opened Lord the And see. may he that eyes, his open thee, pray I , Lord said, and prayed, Elisha And 2Kgs.6:17
them. with be that they than more are us with be that they for not: Fear answered, he And 2Kgs.6:16
do? we shall how master! my Alas, him, unto said servant his And chariots. and horses with both city the compassed host an behold, forth, gone and early, risen was God of man the of servant the when And 2Kgs.6:15
about. city the compassed and night, by came they and host: great a and chariots, and horses, thither he sent Therefore 2Kgs.6:14
Dothan. in is he Behold, saying, him, told was it And him. fetch and send may I that is, he where spy and Go said, he And 2Kgs.6:13
bedchamber. thy in speakest thou that words the Israel of king the telleth Israel, in is that prophet the Elisha, but king: O lord, my None, said, servants his of one And 2Kgs.6:12
Israel? of king the for is us of which me shew not ye Will them, unto said and servants, his called he and thing; this for troubled sore was Syria of king the of heart the Therefore 2Kgs.6:11
twice. nor once not there, himself saved and of, him warned and him told God of man the which place the to sent Israel of king the And 2Kgs.6:10
down. come are Syrians the thither for place; a such not pass thou that Beware saying, Israel, of king the unto sent God of man the And 2Kgs.6:9
camp. my be shall place a such and such In saying, servants, his with counsel took and Israel, against warred Syria of king the Then 2Kgs.6:8
it. took and hand, his out put he And thee. to up it Take he, said Therefore 2Kgs.6:7
swim. did iron the and thither; in it cast and stick, a down cut he And place. the him shewed he And it? fell Where said, God of man the And 2Kgs.6:6
borrowed. was it for master! Alas, said, and cried, he and water: the into fell head axe the beam, a felling was one as But 2Kgs.6:5
wood. down cut they Jordan, to came they when And them. with went he So 2Kgs.6:4
go. will I answered, he And servants. thy with go and thee, pray I content, Be said, one And 2Kgs.6:3
ye. Go answered, he And dwell. may we where there, place a us make us let and beam, a man every thence take and Jordan, unto thee, pray we go, us Let 2Kgs.6:2
us. for strait too is thee with dwell we where place the now, Behold Elisha, unto said prophets the of sons the And 2Kgs.6:1
snow. as white as leper a presence his from out went he And ever. for seed thy unto and thee, unto cleave shall Naaman of therefore leprosy The 2Kgs.5:27
maidservants? and menservants, and oxen, and sheep, and vineyards, and oliveyards, and garments, receive to and money, receive to time a it Is thee? meet to chariot his from again turned man the when thee, with heart mine not Went him, unto said he And 2Kgs.5:26
whither. no went servant Thy said, he And Gehazi? thou, comest Whence him, unto said Elisha And master. his before stood and in, went he But 2Kgs.5:25
departed. they and go, men the let he and house: the in them bestowed and hand, their from them took he tower, the to came he when And 2Kgs.5:24
him. before them bare they and servants; his of two upon them laid and garments, of changes two with bags, two in silver of talents two bound and him, urged he And talents. two take content, Be said, Naaman And 2Kgs.5:23
garments. of changes two and silver, of talent a thee, pray I them, give prophets: the of sons the of men young two Ephraim mount from me to come be there now even Behold, saying, me, sent hath master My well. is All said, he And 2Kgs.5:22
well? all Is said, and him, meet to chariot the from down lighted he him, after running him saw Naaman when And Naaman. after followed Gehazi So 2Kgs.5:21
him. of somewhat take and him, after run will I liveth, Lord the as but, brought: he which that hands his at receiving not in Syrian, this Naaman spared hath master my Behold, said, God, of man the Elisha of servant the Gehazi, But 2Kgs.5:20
way. little a him from departed he So peace. in Go him, unto said he And 2Kgs.5:19
thing. this in servant thy pardon Lord the Rimmon, of house the in myself down bow I when Rimmon: of house the in myself bow I and hand, my on leaneth he and there, worship to Rimmon of house the into goeth master my when that servant, thy pardon Lord the thing this In 2Kgs.5:18
. Lord the unto but gods, other unto sacrifice nor offering burnt neither offer henceforth will servant thy for earth? of burden mules' two servant thy to given be thee, pray I then, not there Shall said, Naaman And 2Kgs.5:17
refused. he but it; take to him urged he And none. receive will I stand, I whom before liveth, Lord the As said, he But 2Kgs.5:16
servant. thy of blessing a take thee, pray I therefore, now Israel: in but earth, the all in God no is there that know I now Behold, said, he and him: before stood and came, and company, his all and he God, of man the to returned he And 2Kgs.5:15
clean. was he and child, little a of flesh the unto like again came flesh his and God: of man the of saying the to according Jordan, in times seven himself dipped and down, he went Then 2Kgs.5:14
clean? be and Wash, thee, to saith he when then, rather much how it? done have not thou wouldest thing, great some do thee bid had prophet the if father, My said, and him, unto spake and near, came servants his And 2Kgs.5:13
rage. a in away went and turned he So clean? be and them, in wash not I may Israel? of waters the all than better Damascus, of rivers Pharpar, and Abana not Are 2Kgs.5:12
leper. the recover and place, the over hand his strike and God, his Lord the of name the on call and stand, and me, to out come surely will He thought, I Behold, said, and away, went and wroth, was Naaman But 2Kgs.5:11
clean. be shalt thou and thee, to again come shall flesh thy and times, seven Jordan in wash and Go saying, him, unto messenger a sent Elisha And 2Kgs.5:10
Elisha. of house the of door the at stood and chariot, his with and horses his with came Naaman So 2Kgs.5:9
Israel. in prophet a is there that know shall he and me, to now come him let clothes? thy rent thou hast Wherefore saying, king, the to sent he that clothes, his rent had Israel of king the that heard had God of man the Elisha when so, was it And 2Kgs.5:8
me. against quarrel a seeketh he how see and you, pray I consider, wherefore leprosy? his of man a recover to me unto send doth man this that alive, make to and kill to God, I Am said, and clothes, his rent he that letter, the read had Israel of king the when pass, to came it And 2Kgs.5:7
leprosy. his of him recover mayest thou that thee, to servant my Naaman sent therewith have I behold, thee, unto come is letter this when Now saying, Israel, of king the to letter the brought he And 2Kgs.5:6
raiment. of changes ten and gold, of pieces thousand six and silver, of talents ten him with took and departed, he And Israel. of king the unto letter a send will I and go, to, Go said, Syria of king the And 2Kgs.5:5
Israel. of land the of is that maid the said thus and Thus saying, lord, his told and in, went one And 2Kgs.5:4
leprosy. his of him recover would he for Samaria! in is that prophet the with were lord my God Would mistress, her unto said she And 2Kgs.5:3
wife. Naaman's on waited she and maid; little a Israel of land the of out captive away brought had and companies, by out gone had Syrians the And 2Kgs.5:2
leper. a was he but valour, in man mighty a also was he Syria: unto deliverance given had Lord the him by because honourable, and master, his with man great a was Syria, of king the of host the of captain Naaman, Now 2Kgs.5:1
. Lord the of word the to according thereof, left and eat, did they and them, before it set he So 2Kgs.4:44
thereof. leave shall and eat, shall They , Lord the saith thus for eat: may they that people, the Give again, said He men? hundred an before this set I should What, said, servitor his And 2Kgs.4:43
eat. may they that people, the unto Give said, he And thereof. husk the in corn of ears full and barley, of loaves twenty firstfruits, the of bread God of man the brought and Baalshalisha, from man a came there And 2Kgs.4:42
pot. the in harm no was there And eat. may they that people, the for out Pour said, he and pot; the into it cast he And meal. bring Then said, he But 2Kgs.4:41
thereof. eat not could they And pot. the in death is there God, of man thou O said, and out, cried they that pottage, the of eating were they as pass, to came it And eat. to men the for out poured they So 2Kgs.4:40
not. them knew they for pottage: of pot the into them shred and came and full, lap his gourds wild thereof gathered and vine, wild a found and herbs, gather to field the into out went one And 2Kgs.4:39
prophets. the of sons the for pottage seethe and pot, great the on Set servant, his unto said he and him: before sitting were prophets the of sons the and land; the in dearth a was there and Gilgal: to again came Elisha And 2Kgs.4:38
out. went and son, her up took and ground, the to herself bowed and feet, his at fell and in, went she Then 2Kgs.4:37
son. thy up Take said, he him, unto in come was she when And her. called he So Shunammite. this Call said, and Gehazi, called he And 2Kgs.4:36
eyes. his opened child the and times, seven sneezed child the and him: upon himself stretched and up, went and fro; and to house the in walked and returned, he Then 2Kgs.4:35
warm. waxed child the of flesh the and child; the upon himself stretched and hands: his upon hands his and eyes, his upon eyes his and mouth, his upon mouth his put and child, the upon lay and up, went he And 2Kgs.4:34
. Lord the unto prayed and twain, them upon door the shut and therefore, in went He 2Kgs.4:33
bed. his upon laid and dead, was child the behold, house, the into come was Elisha when And 2Kgs.4:32
awaked. not is child The saying, him, told and him, meet to again went he Wherefore hearing. nor voice, neither was there but child; the of face the upon staff the laid and them, before on passed Gehazi And 2Kgs.4:31
her. followed and arose, he And thee. leave not will I liveth, soul thy as and liveth, Lord the As said, child the of mother the And 2Kgs.4:30
child. the of face the upon staff my lay and again: not him answer thee, salute any if and not; him salute man, any meet thou if way: thy go and hand, thine in staff my take and loins, thy up Gird Gehazi, to said he Then 2Kgs.4:29
me? deceive not Do say, not I did lord? my of son a desire I Did said, she Then 2Kgs.4:28
me. told not hath and me, from it hid hath Lord the and her: within vexed is soul her for alone; her Let said, God of man the And away. her thrust to near came Gehazi but feet: the by him caught she hill, the to God of man the to came she when And 2Kgs.4:27
well: is It answered, she And child? the with well it is husband? thy with well it is thee? with well it Is her, unto say and her, meet to thee, pray I now, Run 2Kgs.4:26
Shunammite: that is yonder Behold, servant, his Gehazi to said he that off, afar her saw God of man the when pass, to came it And Carmel. mount to God of man the unto came and went she So 2Kgs.4:25
thee. bid I except me, for riding thy not slack forward; go and Drive, servant, her to said and ass, an saddled she Then 2Kgs.4:24
well. be shall It said, she And sabbath. nor moon, new neither is it day? to him to go thou wilt Wherefore said, he And 2Kgs.4:23
again. come and God, of man the to run may I that asses, the of one and men, young the of one thee, pray I me, Send said, and husband, her unto called she And 2Kgs.4:22
out. went and him, upon door the shut and God, of man the of bed the on him laid and up, went she And 2Kgs.4:21
died. then and noon, till knees her on sat he mother, his to him brought and him, taken had he when And 2Kgs.4:20
mother. his to him Carry lad, a to said he And head. my head, My father, his unto said he And 2Kgs.4:19
reapers. the to father his to out went he that day, a on fell it grown, was child the when And 2Kgs.4:18
life. of time the to according her, unto said had Elisha that season that at son a bare and conceived, woman the And 2Kgs.4:17
handmaid. thine unto lie not do God, of man thou lord, my Nay, said, she And son. a embrace shalt thou life, of time the to according season, this About said, he And 2Kgs.4:16
door. the in stood she her, called had he when And her. Call said, he And 2Kgs.4:15
old. is husband her and child, no hath she Verily answered, Gehazi And her? for done be to is then What said, he And 2Kgs.4:14
people. own mine among dwell I answered, she And host? the of captain the to or king, the to for spoken be thou wouldest thee? for done be to is what care; this all with us for careful been hast thou Behold, her, unto now Say him, unto said he And 2Kgs.4:13
him. before stood she her, called had he when And Shunammite. this Call servant, his Gehazi to said he And 2Kgs.4:12
there. lay and chamber, the into turned he and thither, came he that day, a on fell it And 2Kgs.4:11
thither. in turn shall he that us, to cometh he when be, shall it and candlestick: a and stool, a and table, a and bed, a there him for set us let and wall; the on thee, pray I chamber, little a make us Let 2Kgs.4:10
continually. us by passeth which God, of man holy an is this that perceive I now, Behold husband, her unto said she And 2Kgs.4:9
bread. eat to thither in turned he by, passed he as oft as that was, it so And bread. eat to him constrained she and woman; great a was where Shunem, to passed Elisha that day, a on fell it And 2Kgs.4:8
rest. the of children thy and thou live and debt, thy pay and oil, the sell Go, said, he And God. of man the told and came she Then 2Kgs.4:7
stayed. oil the And more. vessel a not is There her, unto said he And vessel. a yet me Bring son, her unto said she that full, were vessels the when pass, to came it And 2Kgs.4:6
out. poured she and her; to vessels the brought who sons, her upon and her upon door the shut and him, from went she So 2Kgs.4:5
full. is which that aside set shalt thou and vessels, those all into out pour shalt and sons, thy upon and thee upon door the shut shalt thou in, come art thou when And 2Kgs.4:4
few. a not borrow vessels; empty even neighbours, thy all of abroad vessels thee borrow Go, said, he Then 2Kgs.4:3
oil. of pot a save house, the in thing any not hath handmaid Thine said, she And house? the in thou hast what me, tell thee? for do I shall What her, unto said Elisha And 2Kgs.4:2
bondmen. be to sons two my him unto take to come is creditor the and : Lord the fear did servant thy that knowest thou and dead; is husband my servant Thy saying, Elisha, unto prophets the of sons the of wives the of woman certain a cried there Now 2Kgs.4:1
land. own their to returned and him, from departed they and Israel: against indignation great was there And wall. the upon offering burnt a for him offered and stead, his in reigned have should that son eldest his took he Then 2Kgs.3:27
not. could they but Edom: of king the unto even through break to swords, drew that men hundred seven him with took he him, for sore too was battle the that saw Moab of king the when And 2Kgs.3:26
it. smote and it, about went slingers the howbeit thereof; stones the they left Kirharaseth in only trees: good the all felled and water, of wells the all stopped they and it; filled and stone, his man every cast land of piece good every on and cities, the down beat they And 2Kgs.3:25
country. their in even Moabites, the smiting forward went they but them: before fled they that so Moabites, the smote and up rose Israelites the Israel, of camp the to came they when And 2Kgs.3:24
spoil. the to Moab, therefore, now another: one smitten have they and slain, surely are kings the blood: is This said, they And 2Kgs.3:23
blood: as red as side other the on water the saw Moabites the and water, the upon shone sun the and morning, the in early up rose they And 2Kgs.3:22
border. the in stood and upward, and armour, on put to able were that all gathered they them, against fight to up come were kings the that heard Moabites the all when And 2Kgs.3:21
water. with filled was country the and Edom, of way the by water came there behold, that, offered, was offering meat the when morning, the in pass to came it And 2Kgs.3:20
stones. with land of piece good every mar and water, of wells all stop and tree, good every fell shall and city, choice every and city, fenced every smite shall ye And 2Kgs.3:19
hand. your into also Moabites the deliver will he : Lord the of sight the in thing light a but is this And 2Kgs.3:18
beasts. your and cattle, your and ye, both drink, may ye that water, with filled be shall valley that yet rain; see ye shall neither wind, see not shall Ye , Lord the saith thus For 2Kgs.3:17
ditches. of full valley this Make , Lord the saith Thus said, he And 2Kgs.3:16
him. upon came Lord the of hand the that played, minstrel the when pass, to came it And minstrel. a me bring now But 2Kgs.3:15
thee. see nor thee, toward look not would I Judah, of king the Jehoshaphat of presence the regard I that not it were surely, stand, I whom before liveth, hosts of Lord the As said, Elisha And 2Kgs.3:14
Moab. of hand the into them deliver to together, kings three these called hath Lord the for Nay: him, unto said Israel of king the And mother. thy of prophets the to and father, thy of prophets the to thee get thee? with do to I have What Israel, of king the unto said Elisha And 2Kgs.3:13
him. to down went Edom of king the and Jehoshaphat and Israel of king the So him. with is Lord the of word The said, Jehoshaphat And 2Kgs.3:12
Elijah. of hands the on water poured which Shaphat, of son the Elisha is Here said, and answered servants Israel's of king the of one And him? by Lord the of enquire may we that , Lord the of prophet a here not there Is said, Jehoshaphat But 2Kgs.3:11
Moab! of hand the into them deliver to together, kings three these called hath Lord the that Alas! said, Israel of king the And 2Kgs.3:10
them. followed that cattle the for and host, the for water no was there and journey: days' seven of compass a fetched they and Edom: of king the and Judah, of king the and went, Israel of king the So 2Kgs.3:9
Edom. of wilderness the through way The answered, he And up? go we shall way Which said, he And 2Kgs.3:8
horses. thy as horses my and people, thy as people my art, thou as am I up: go will I said, he And battle? to Moab against me with go thou wilt me: against rebelled hath Moab of king The saying, Judah, of king the Jehoshaphat to sent and went he And 2Kgs.3:7
Israel. all numbered and time, same the Samaria of out went Jehoram king And 2Kgs.3:6
Israel. of king the against rebelled Moab of king the that dead, was Ahab when pass, to came it But 2Kgs.3:5
wool. the with rams, thousand hundred an and lambs, thousand hundred an Israel of king the unto rendered and sheepmaster, a was Moab of king Mesha And 2Kgs.3:4
therefrom. not departed he sin; to Israel made which Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of sins the unto cleaved he Nevertheless 2Kgs.3:3
made. had father his that Baal of image the away put he for mother: his like and father, his like not but ; Lord the of sight the in evil wrought he And 2Kgs.3:2
years. twelve reigned and Judah, of king Jehoshaphat of year eighteenth the Samaria in Israel over reign to began Ahab of son the Jehoram Now 2Kgs.3:1
Samaria. to returned he thence from and Carmel, mount to thence from went he And 2Kgs.2:25
them. of children two and forty tare and wood, the of out bears she two forth came there And . Lord the of name the in them cursed and them, on looked and back, turned he And 2Kgs.2:24
head. bald thou up, go head; bald thou up, Go him, unto said and him, mocked and city, the of out children little forth came there way, the by up going was he as and Bethel: unto thence from up went he And 2Kgs.2:23
spake. he which Elisha of saying the to according day, this unto healed were waters the So 2Kgs.2:22
land. barren or death more any thence from be not shall there waters; these healed have I , Lord the saith Thus said, and there, in salt the cast and waters, the of spring the unto forth went he And 2Kgs.2:21
him. to it brought they And therein. salt put and cruse, new a me Bring said, he And 2Kgs.2:20
barren. ground the and naught, is water the but seeth: lord my as pleasant, is city this of situation the thee, pray I Behold, Elisha, unto said city the of men the And 2Kgs.2:19
not? Go you, unto say not I Did them, unto said he Jericho,) at tarried he (for him, to again came they when And 2Kgs.2:18
not. him found but days, three sought they and men; fifty therefore sent They Send. said, he ashamed, was he till him urged they when And 2Kgs.2:17
send. not shall Ye said, he And valley. some into or mountain, some upon him cast and up, him taken hath Lord the of Spirit the peradventure lest master: thy seek and thee, pray we go, them let men; strong fifty servants thy with be there now, Behold him, unto said they And 2Kgs.2:16
him. before ground the to themselves bowed and him, meet to came they And Elisha. on rest doth Elijah of spirit The said, they him, saw Jericho at view to were which prophets the of sons the when And 2Kgs.2:15
over. went Elisha and thither: and hither parted they waters, the smitten had also he when and Elijah? of God Lord the is Where said, and waters, the smote and him, from fell that Elijah of mantle the took he And 2Kgs.2:14
Jordan; of bank the by stood and back, went and him, from fell that Elijah of mantle the also up took He 2Kgs.2:13
pieces. two in them rent and clothes, own his of hold took he and more: no him saw he And thereof. horsemen the and Israel, of chariot the father, my father, My cried, he and it, saw Elisha And 2Kgs.2:12
heaven. into whirlwind a by up went Elijah and asunder; both them parted and fire, of horses and fire, of chariot a appeared there behold, that, talked, and on, went still they as pass, to came it And 2Kgs.2:11
so. be not shall it not, if but thee; unto so be shall it thee, from taken am I when me see thou if nevertheless, thing: hard a asked hast Thou said, he And 2Kgs.2:10
me. upon be spirit thy of portion double a let thee, pray I said, Elisha And thee. from away taken be I before thee, for do shall I what Ask Elisha, unto said Elijah that over, gone were they when pass, to came it And 2Kgs.2:9
ground. dry on over went two they that so thither, and hither divided were they and waters, the smote and together, it wrapped and mantle, his took Elijah And 2Kgs.2:8
Jordan. by stood two they and off: afar view to stood and went, prophets the of sons the of men fifty And 2Kgs.2:7
on. went two they And thee. leave not will I liveth, soul thy as and liveth, Lord the As said, he And Jordan. to me sent hath Lord the for here; thee, pray I Tarry, him, unto said Elijah And 2Kgs.2:6
peace. your ye hold it; know I Yea, answered, he And day? to head thy from master thy away take will Lord the that thou Knowest him, unto said and Elisha, to came Jericho at were that prophets the of sons the And 2Kgs.2:5
Jericho. to came they So thee. leave not will I liveth, soul thy as and liveth, Lord the As said, he And Jericho. to me sent hath Lord the for thee; pray I here, tarry Elisha, him, unto said Elijah And 2Kgs.2:4
peace. your ye hold it; know I Yea, said, he And day? to head thy from master thy away take will Lord the that thou Knowest him, unto said and Elisha, to forth came Bethel at were that prophets the of sons the And 2Kgs.2:3
Bethel. to down went they So thee. leave not will I liveth, soul thy as and liveth, Lord the As him, unto said Elisha And Bethel. to me sent hath Lord the for thee; pray I here, Tarry Elisha, unto said Elijah And 2Kgs.2:2
Gilgal. from Elisha with went Elijah that whirlwind, a by heaven into Elijah up take would Lord the when pass, to came it And 2Kgs.2:1
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he which Ahaziah of acts the of rest the Now 2Kgs.1:18
son. no had he because Judah; of king Jehoshaphat of son the Jehoram of year second the in stead his in reigned Jehoram And spoken. had Elijah which Lord the of word the to according died he So 2Kgs.1:17
die. surely shalt but up, gone art thou which on bed that off down come not shalt thou therefore word? his of enquire to Israel in God no is there because not it is Ekron, of god the Baalzebub of enquire to messengers sent hast thou as Forasmuch , Lord the saith Thus him, unto said he And 2Kgs.1:16
king. the unto him with down went and arose, he And him. of afraid not be him: with down Go Elijah, unto said Lord the of angel the And 2Kgs.1:15
sight. thy in precious be now life my let therefore fifties: their with fifties former the of captains two the up burnt and heaven, from down fire came there Behold, 2Kgs.1:14
sight. thy in precious be servants, thy fifty these of life the and life, my let thee, pray I God, of man O him, unto said and him, besought and Elijah, before knees his on fell and came and up, went fifty of captain third the And fifty. his with fifty third the of captain a again sent he And 2Kgs.1:13
fifty. his and him consumed and heaven, from down came God of fire the And fifty. thy and thee consume and heaven, from down come fire let God, of man a be I If them, unto said and answered Elijah And 2Kgs.1:12
quickly. down Come said, king the hath thus God, of man O him, unto said and answered he And fifty. his with fifty of captain another him unto sent he also Again 2Kgs.1:11
fifty. his and him consumed and heaven, from fire down came there And fifty. thy and thee consume and heaven, from down come fire let then God, of man a be I If fifty, of captain the to said and answered Elijah And 2Kgs.1:10
down. Come said, hath king the God, of man Thou him, unto spake he And hill. an of top the on sat he behold, and, him: to up went he And fifty. his with fifty of captain a him unto sent king the Then 2Kgs.1:9
Tishbite. the Elijah is It said, he And loins. his about leather of girdle a with girt and man, hairy an was He him, answered they And 2Kgs.1:8
words? these you told and you, meet to up came which he was man of manner What them, unto said he And 2Kgs.1:7
die. surely shalt but up, gone art thou which on bed that from down come not shalt thou therefore Ekron? of god the Baalzebub of enquire to sendest thou that Israel, in God a not is there because not it Is , Lord the saith Thus him, unto say and you, sent that king the unto again turn Go, us, unto said and us, meet to up man a came There him, unto said they And 2Kgs.1:6
back? turned now ye are Why them, unto said he him, unto back turned messengers the when And 2Kgs.1:5
departed. Elijah And die. surely shalt but up, gone art thou which on bed that from down come not shalt Thou , Lord the saith thus therefore Now 2Kgs.1:4
Ekron? of god the Baalzebub of enquire to go ye that Israel, in God a not is there because not it Is them, unto say and Samaria, of king the of messengers the meet to up go Arise, Tishbite, the Elijah to said Lord the of angel the But 2Kgs.1:3
disease. this of recover shall I whether Ekron of god the Baalzebub of enquire Go, them, unto said and messengers, sent he and sick: was and Samaria, in was that chamber upper his in lattice a through down fell Ahaziah And 2Kgs.1:2
Ahab. of death the after Israel against rebelled Moab Then 2Kgs.1:1
Kings 2
done. had father his that all to according Israel, of God Lord the anger to provoked and him, worshipped and Baal, served he For 1Kgs.22:53
sin: to Israel made who Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of way the in and mother, his of way the in and father, his of way the in walked and , Lord the of sight the in evil did he And 1Kgs.22:52
Israel. over years two reigned and Judah, of king Jehoshaphat of year seventeenth the Samaria in Israel over reign to began Ahab of son the Ahaziah 1Kgs.22:51
stead. his in reigned son his Jehoram and father: his David of city the in fathers his with buried was and fathers, his with slept Jehoshaphat And 1Kgs.22:50
not. would Jehoshaphat But ships. the in servants thy with go servants my Let Jehoshaphat, unto Ahab of son the Ahaziah said Then 1Kgs.22:49
Eziongeber. at broken were ships the for not; went they but gold: for Ophir to go to Tharshish of ships made Jehoshaphat 1Kgs.22:48
king. was deputy a Edom: in king no then was There 1Kgs.22:47
land. the of out took he Asa, father his of days the in remained which sodomites, the of remnant the And 1Kgs.22:46
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are warred, he how and shewed, he that might his and Jehoshaphat, of acts the of rest the Now 1Kgs.22:45
Israel. of king the with peace made Jehoshaphat And 1Kgs.22:44
places. high the in yet incense burnt and offered people the for away; taken not were places high the nevertheless : Lord the of eyes the in right was which that doing it, from aside not turned he father; his Asa of ways the all in walked he And 1Kgs.22:43
Shilhi. of daughter the Azubah was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in years five and twenty reigned he and reign; to began he when old years five and thirty was Jehoshaphat 1Kgs.22:42
Israel. of king Ahab of year fourth the in Judah over reign to began Asa of son the Jehoshaphat And 1Kgs.22:41
stead. his in reigned son his Ahaziah and fathers; his with slept Ahab So 1Kgs.22:40
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are built, he that cities the all and made, he which house ivory the and did, he that all and Ahab, of acts the of rest the Now 1Kgs.22:39
spake. he which Lord the of word the unto according armour; his washed they and blood; his up licked dogs the and Samaria; of pool the in chariot the washed one And 1Kgs.22:38
Samaria. in king the buried they and Samaria; to brought was and died, king the So 1Kgs.22:37
country. own his to man every and city, his to man Every saying, sun, the of down going the about host the throughout proclamation a went there And 1Kgs.22:36
chariot. the of midst the into wound the of out ran blood the and even: at died and Syrians, the against chariot his in up stayed was king the and day: that increased battle the And 1Kgs.22:35
wounded. am I for host; the of out me carry and hand, thine Turn chariot, his of driver the unto said he wherefore harness: the of joints the between Israel of king the smote and venture, a at bow a drew man certain a And 1Kgs.22:34
him. pursuing from back turned they that Israel, of king the not was it that perceived chariots the of captains the when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.22:33
out. cried Jehoshaphat and him: against fight to aside turned they And Israel. of king the is it Surely said, they that Jehoshaphat, saw chariots the of captains the when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.22:32
Israel. of king the with only save great, nor small with neither Fight saying, chariots, his over rule had that captains two and thirty his commanded Syria of king the But 1Kgs.22:31
battle. the into went and himself, disguised Israel of king the And robes. thy on thou put but battle; the into enter and myself, disguise will I Jehoshaphat, unto said Israel of king the And 1Kgs.22:30
Ramothgilead. to up went Judah of king the Jehoshaphat and Israel of king the So 1Kgs.22:29
you. of one every people, O Hearken, said, he And me. by spoken not hath Lord the peace, in all at return thou If said, Micaiah And 1Kgs.22:28
peace. in come I until affliction, of water with and affliction of bread with him feed and prison, the in fellow this Put king, the saith Thus say, And 1Kgs.22:27
son; king's the Joash to and city, the of governor the Amon unto back him carry and Micaiah, Take said, Israel of king the And 1Kgs.22:26
thyself. hide to chamber inner an into go shalt thou when day, that in see shalt thou Behold, said, Micaiah And 1Kgs.22:25
thee? unto speak to me from Lord the of Spirit the went way Which said, and cheek, the on Micaiah smote and near, went Chenaanah of son the Zedekiah But 1Kgs.22:24
thee. concerning evil spoken hath Lord the and prophets, thy these all of mouth the in spirit lying a put hath Lord the behold, therefore, Now 1Kgs.22:23
so. do and forth, go also: prevail and him, persuade shalt Thou said, he And prophets. his all of mouth the in spirit lying a be will I and forth, go will I said, he And Wherewith? him, unto said Lord the And 1Kgs.22:22
him. persuade will I said, and , Lord the before stood and spirit, a forth came there And 1Kgs.22:21
manner. that on said another and manner, this on said one And Ramothgilead? at fall and up go may he that Ahab, persuade shall Who said, Lord the And 1Kgs.22:20
left. his on and hand right his on him by standing heaven of host the all and throne, his on sitting Lord the saw I : Lord the of word the therefore thou Hear said, he And 1Kgs.22:19
evil? but me, concerning good no prophesy would he that thee tell not I Did Jehoshaphat, unto said Israel of king the And 1Kgs.22:18
peace. in house his to man every return them let master: no have These said, Lord the and shepherd: a not have that sheep as hills, the upon scattered Israel all saw I said, he And 1Kgs.22:17
? Lord the of name the in true is which that but nothing me tell thou that thee adjure I shall times many How him, unto said king the And 1Kgs.22:16
king. the of hand the into it deliver shall Lord the for prosper: and Go, him, answered he And forbear? we shall or battle, to Ramothgilead against go we shall Micaiah, him, unto said king the And king. the to came he So 1Kgs.22:15
speak. I will that me, unto saith Lord the what liveth, Lord the As said, Micaiah And 1Kgs.22:14
good. is which that speak and them, of one of word the like be thee, pray I word, thy let mouth: one with king the unto good declare prophets the of words the now, Behold saying, him, unto spake Micaiah call to gone was that messenger the And 1Kgs.22:13
hand. king's the into it deliver shall Lord the for prosper: and Ramothgilead, to up Go saying, so, prophesied prophets the all And 1Kgs.22:12
them. consumed have thou until Syrians, the push thou shalt these With , Lord the saith Thus said, he and iron: of horns him made Chenaanah of son the Zedekiah And 1Kgs.22:11
them. before prophesied prophets the all and Samaria; of gate the of entrance the in place void a in robes, their on put having throne, his on each sat Judah of king the Jehoshaphat and Israel of king the And 1Kgs.22:10
Imlah. of son the Micaiah hither Hasten said, and officer, an called Israel of king the Then 1Kgs.22:9
so. say king the not Let said, Jehoshaphat And evil. but me, concerning good prophesy not doth he for him; hate I but : Lord the of enquire may we whom by Imlah, of son the Micaiah man, one yet is There Jehoshaphat, unto said Israel of king the And 1Kgs.22:8
him? of enquire might we that besides, Lord the of prophet a here not there Is said, Jehoshaphat And 1Kgs.22:7
king. the of hand the into it deliver shall Lord the for up; Go said, they And forbear? I shall or battle, to Ramothgilead against go I Shall them, unto said and men, hundred four about together, prophets the gathered Israel of king the Then 1Kgs.22:6
day. to Lord the of word the at thee, pray I Enquire, Israel, of king the unto said Jehoshaphat And 1Kgs.22:5
horses. thy as horses my people, thy as people my art, thou as am I Israel, of king the to said Jehoshaphat And Ramothgilead? to battle to me with go thou Wilt Jehoshaphat, unto said he And 1Kgs.22:4
Syria? of king the of hand the of out not it take and still, be we and ours, is Gilead in Ramoth that ye Know servants, his unto said Israel of king the And 1Kgs.22:3
Israel. of king the to down came Judah of king the Jehoshaphat that year, third the in pass to came it And 1Kgs.22:2
Israel. and Syria between war without years three continued they And 1Kgs.22:1
house. his upon evil the bring I will days son's his in but days: his in evil the bring not will I me, before himself humbleth he because me? before himself humbleth Ahab how thou Seest 1Kgs.21:29
saying, Tishbite, the Elijah to came Lord the of word the And 1Kgs.21:28
softly. went and sackcloth, in lay and fasted, and flesh, his upon sackcloth put and clothes, his rent he that words, those heard Ahab when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.21:27
Israel. of children the before out cast Lord the whom Amorites, the did as things all to according idols, following in abominably very did he And 1Kgs.21:26
up. stirred wife his Jezebel whom , Lord the of sight the in wickedness work to himself sell did which Ahab, unto like none was there But 1Kgs.21:25
eat. air the of fowls the shall field the in dieth that him and eat; shall dogs the city the in Ahab of dieth that Him 1Kgs.21:24
Jezreel. of wall the by Jezebel eat shall dogs The saying, , Lord the spake also Jezebel of And 1Kgs.21:23
sin. to Israel made and anger, to me provoked hast thou wherewith provocation the for Ahijah, of son the Baasha of house the like and Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of house the like house thine make will And 1Kgs.21:22
Israel, in left and up shut is that him and wall, the against pisseth that him Ahab from off cut will and posterity, thy away take will and thee, upon evil bring will I Behold, 1Kgs.21:21
. Lord the of sight the in evil work to thyself sold hast thou because thee: found have I answered, he And enemy? mine O me, found thou Hast Elijah, to said Ahab And 1Kgs.21:20
thine. even blood, thy lick dogs shall Naboth of blood the licked dogs where place the In , Lord the saith Thus saying, him, unto speak shalt thou And possession? taken also and killed, thou Hast , Lord the saith Thus saying, him, unto speak shalt thou And 1Kgs.21:19
it. possess to down gone is he whither Naboth, of vineyard the in is he behold, Samaria: in is which Israel, of king Ahab meet to down go Arise, 1Kgs.21:18
saying, Tishbite, the Elijah to came Lord the of word the And 1Kgs.21:17
it. of possession take to Jezreelite, the Naboth of vineyard the to down go to up rose Ahab that dead, was Naboth that heard Ahab when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.21:16
dead. but alive, not is Naboth for money: for thee give to refused he which Jezreelite, the Naboth of vineyard the of possession take Arise, Ahab, to said Jezebel that dead, was and stoned, was Naboth that heard Jezebel when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.21:15
dead. is and stoned, is Naboth saying, Jezebel, to sent they Then 1Kgs.21:14
died. he that stones, with him stoned and city, the of out forth him carried they Then king. the and God blaspheme did Naboth saying, people, the of presence the in Naboth, against even him, against witnessed Belial of men the and him: before sat and Belial, of children men, two in came there And 1Kgs.21:13
people. the among high on Naboth set and fast, a proclaimed They 1Kgs.21:12
them. unto sent had she which letters the in written was it as and them, unto sent had Jezebel as did city, his in inhabitants the were who nobles the and elders the even city, his of men the And 1Kgs.21:11
die. may he that him, stone and out, him carry then And king. the and God blaspheme didst Thou saying, him, against witness bear to him, before Belial, of sons men, two set And 1Kgs.21:10
people: the among high on Naboth set and fast, a Proclaim saying, letters, the in wrote she And 1Kgs.21:9
Naboth. with dwelling city, his in were that nobles the to and elders the unto letters the sent and seal, his with them sealed and name, Ahab's in letters wrote she So 1Kgs.21:8
Jezreelite. the Naboth of vineyard the thee give will I merry: be heart thine let and bread, eat and arise, Israel? of kingdom the govern now thou Dost him, unto said wife his Jezebel And 1Kgs.21:7
vineyard. my thee give not will I answered, he and it: for vineyard another thee give will I thee, please it if else, or money; for vineyard thy me Give him, unto said and Jezreelite, the Naboth unto spake I Because her, unto said he And 1Kgs.21:6
bread? no eatest thou that sad, so spirit thy is Why him, unto said and him, to came wife his Jezebel But 1Kgs.21:5
bread. no eat would and face, his away turned and bed, his upon down him laid he And fathers. my of inheritance the thee give not will I said, had he for him: to spoken had Jezreelite the Naboth which word the of because displeased and heavy house his into came Ahab And 1Kgs.21:4
thee. unto fathers my of inheritance the give should I that me, it forbid Lord The Ahab, to said Naboth And 1Kgs.21:3
money. in it of worth the thee give will I thee, to good seem it if or, it; than vineyard better a it for thee give will I and house: my unto near is it because herbs, of garden a for it have may I that vineyard, thy me Give saying, Naboth, unto spake Ahab And 1Kgs.21:2
Samaria. of king Ahab of palace the by hard Jezreel, in was which vineyard, a had Jezreelite the Naboth that things, these after pass to came it And 1Kgs.21:1
Samaria. to came and displeased, and heavy house his to went Israel of king the And 1Kgs.20:43
people. his for people thy and life, his for go shall life thy therefore destruction, utter to appointed I whom man a hand thy of out go let hast thou Because , Lord the saith Thus him, unto said he And 1Kgs.20:42
prophets. the of was he that him discerned Israel of king the and face; his from away ashes the took and hasted, he And 1Kgs.20:41
it. decided hast thyself be; judgment thy shall So him, unto said Israel of king the And gone. was he there, and here busy was servant thy as And 1Kgs.20:40
silver. of talent a pay shalt thou else or life, his for be life thy shall then missing, be he means any by if man: this Keep said, and me, unto man a brought and aside, turned man a behold, and, battle; the of midst the into out went servant Thy said, he and king: the unto cried he by, passed king the as And 1Kgs.20:39
face. his upon ashes with himself disguised and way, the by king the for waited and departed, prophet the So 1Kgs.20:38
him. wounded he smiting in that so him, smote man the And thee. pray I me, Smite said, and man, another found he Then 1Kgs.20:37
him. slew and him, found lion a him, from departed was he as soon as And thee. slay shall lion a me, from departed art thou as soon as behold, , Lord the of voice the obeyed not hast thou Because him, unto he said Then 1Kgs.20:36
him. smite to refused man the And thee. pray I me, Smite , Lord the of word the in neighbour his unto said prophets the of sons the of man certain a And 1Kgs.20:35
away. him sent and him, with covenant a made he So covenant. this with away thee send will I Ahab, said Then Samaria. in made father my as Damascus, in thee for streets make shalt thou and restore; will I father, thy from took father my which cities, The him, unto said Ben-hadad And 1Kgs.20:34
chariot. the into up come to him caused he and him; to forth came Benhadad Then him. bring ye, Go said, he Then Benhadad. brother Thy said, they and it: catch hastily did and him, from come would thing any whether observe diligently did men the Now 1Kgs.20:33
brother. my is he alive? yet he Is said, he And live. me let thee, pray I saith, Benhadad servant Thy said, and Israel, of king the to came and heads, their on ropes put and loins, their on sackcloth girded they So 1Kgs.20:32
life. thy save will he peradventure Israel: of king the to out go and heads, our upon ropes and loins, our on sackcloth put thee, pray I us, let kings: merciful are Israel of house the of kings the that heard have we now, Behold him, unto said servants his And 1Kgs.20:31
chamber. inner an into city, the into came and fled, Benhadad And left. were that men the of thousand seven and twenty upon fell wall a there and city; the into Aphek, to fled rest the But 1Kgs.20:30
day. one in footmen thousand hundred an Syrians the of slew Israel of children the and joined: was battle the day seventh the in that was, it so And days. seven other the against over one pitched they And 1Kgs.20:29
. Lord the am I that know shall ye and hand, thine into multitude great this all deliver I will therefore valleys, the of God not is he but hills, the of God is Lord The said, have Syrians the Because , Lord the saith Thus said, and Israel, of king the unto spake and God, of man a came there And 1Kgs.20:28
country. the filled Syrians the but kids; of flocks little two like them before pitched Israel of children the and them: against went and present, all were and numbered, were Israel of children the And 1Kgs.20:27
Israel. against fight to Aphek, to up went and Syrians, the numbered Benhadad that year, the of return the at pass to came it And 1Kgs.20:26
so. did and voice, their unto hearkened he And they. than stronger be shall we surely and plain, the in them against fight will we and chariot: for chariot and horse, for horse lost, hast thou that army the like army, an thee number And 1Kgs.20:25
rooms: their in captains put and place, his of out man every away, kings the Take thing, this do And 1Kgs.20:24
they. than stronger be shall we surely and plain, the in them against fight us let but we; than stronger were they therefore hills; the of gods are gods Their him, unto said Syria of king the of servants the And 1Kgs.20:23
thee. against up come will Syria of king the year the of return the at for doest: thou what see and mark, and thyself, strengthen Go, him, unto said and Israel, of king the to came prophet the And 1Kgs.20:22
slaughter. great a with Syrians the slew and chariots, and horses the smote and out, went Israel of king the And 1Kgs.20:21
horsemen. the with horse an on escaped Syria of king the Benhadad and them: pursued Israel and fled; Syrians the and man: his one every slew they And 1Kgs.20:20
them. followed which army the and city, the of out came provinces the of princes the of men young these So 1Kgs.20:19
alive. them take war, for out come be they whether or alive; them take peace, for out come be they Whether said, he And 1Kgs.20:18
Samaria. of out come men are There saying, him, told they and out, sent Benhadad and first; out went provinces the of princes the of men young the And 1Kgs.20:17
him. helped that kings two and thirty the kings, the and he pavilions, the in drunk himself drinking was Benhadad But noon. at out went they And 1Kgs.20:16
thousand. seven being Israel, of children the all even people, the all numbered he them after and two: thirty and hundred two were they and provinces, the of princes the of men young the numbered he Then 1Kgs.20:15
Thou. answered, he And battle? the order shall Who said, he Then provinces. the of princes the of men young the by Even , Lord the saith Thus said, he And whom? By said, Ahab And 1Kgs.20:14
. Lord the am I that know shalt thou and day; this hand thine into it deliver will I behold, multitude? great this all seen thou Hast , Lord the saith Thus saying, Israel, of king Ahab unto prophet a came there behold, And, 1Kgs.20:13
city. the against array in themselves set they And array. in yourselves Set servants, his unto said he that pavilions, the in kings the and he drinking, was he as message, this heard Ben-hadad when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.20:12
off. it putteth that he as himself boast harness his on girdeth that him not Let him, Tell said, and answered Israel of king the And 1Kgs.20:11
me. follow that people the all for handfuls for suffice shall Samaria of dust the if also, more and me, unto so do gods The said, and him, unto sent Benhadad And 1Kgs.20:10
again. word him brought and departed, messengers the And do. not may I thing this but do: will I first the at servant thy to for send didst thou that All king, the lord my Tell Benhadad, of messengers the unto said he Wherefore 1Kgs.20:9
consent. nor him, unto not Hearken him, unto said people the all and elders the all And 1Kgs.20:8
not. him denied I and gold; my for and silver, my for and children, my for and wives, my for me unto sent he for mischief: seeketh man this how see and you, pray I Mark, said, and land, the of elders the all called Israel of king the Then 1Kgs.20:7
away. it take and hand, their in it put shall they eyes, thine in pleasant is whatsoever that be, shall it and servants; thy of houses the and house, thine search shall they and time, this about morrow to thee unto servants my send will I Yet 1Kgs.20:6
children; thy and wives, thy and gold, thy and silver, thy me deliver shalt Thou saying, thee, unto sent have I Although saying, Benhadad, speaketh Thus said, and again, came messengers the And 1Kgs.20:5
have. I that all and thine, am I saying, thy to according king, O lord, My said, and answered Israel of king the And 1Kgs.20:4
mine. are goodliest, the even children, thy and also wives thy mine; is gold thy and silver Thy 1Kgs.20:3
Benhadad, saith Thus him, unto said and city, the into Israel of king Ahab to messengers sent he And 1Kgs.20:2
it. against warred and Samaria, besieged and up went he and chariots; and horses, and him, with kings two and thirty were there and together: host his all gathered Syria of king the Benhadad And 1Kgs.20:1
him. unto ministered and Elijah, after went and arose, he Then eat. did they and people, the unto gave and oxen, the of instruments the with flesh their boiled and them, slew and oxen, of yoke a took and him, from back returned he And 1Kgs.19:21
thee? to done I have what for again: back Go him, unto said he And thee. follow will I then and mother, my and father my kiss thee, pray I me, Let said, and Elijah, after ran and oxen, the left he And 1Kgs.19:20
him. upon mantle his cast and him, by passed Elijah and twelfth: the with he and him, before oxen of yoke twelve with plowing was who Shaphat, of son the Elisha found and thence, departed he So 1Kgs.19:19
him. kissed not hath which mouth every and Baal, unto bowed not have which knees the all Israel, in thousand seven me left have I Yet 1Kgs.19:18
slay. Elisha shall Jehu of sword the from escapeth that him and slay: Jehu shall Hazael of sword the escapeth that him that pass, to come shall it And 1Kgs.19:17
room. thy in prophet be to anoint thou shalt Abelmeholah of Shaphat of son the Elisha and Israel: over king be to anoint thou shalt Nimshi of son the Jehu And 1Kgs.19:16
Syria: over king be to Hazael anoint comest, thou when and Damascus: of wilderness the to way thy on return Go, him, unto said Lord the And 1Kgs.19:15
away. it take to life, my seek they and left; am only, I even I, and sword; the with prophets thy slain and altars, thine down thrown covenant, thy forsaken have Israel of children the because hosts: of God Lord the for jealous very been have I said, he And 1Kgs.19:14
Elijah? here, thou doest What said, and him, unto voice a came there behold, And, cave. the of in entering the in stood and out, went and mantle, his in face his wrapped he that it, heard Elijah when so, was it And 1Kgs.19:13
voice. small still a fire the after and fire: the in not was Lord the but fire; a earthquake the after And 1Kgs.19:12
earthquake: the in not was Lord the but earthquake; an wind the after and wind: the in not was Lord the but ; Lord the before rocks the pieces in brake and mountains, the rent wind strong and great a and by, passed Lord the behold, And, . Lord the before mount the upon stand and forth, Go said, he And 1Kgs.19:11
away. it take to life, my seek they and left; am only, I even I, and sword; the with prophets thy slain and altars, thine down thrown covenant, thy forsaken have Israel of children the for hosts: of God Lord the for jealous very been have I said, he And 1Kgs.19:10
Elijah? here, thou doest What him, unto said he and him, to came Lord the of word the behold, and, there; lodged and cave, a unto thither came he And 1Kgs.19:9
God. of mount the Horeb unto nights forty and days forty meat that of strength the in went and drink, and eat did and arose, he And 1Kgs.19:8
thee. for great too is journey the because eat; and Arise said, and him, touched and time, second the again came Lord the of angel the And 1Kgs.19:7
again. down him laid and drink, and eat did he And head. his at water of cruse a and coals, the on baken cake a was there behold, and, looked, he And 1Kgs.19:6
eat. and Arise him, unto said and him, touched angel an then behold, tree, juniper a under slept and lay he as And 1Kgs.19:5
fathers. my than better not am I for life; my away take , Lord O now, enough; is It said, and die; might he that himself for requested he and tree: juniper a under down sat and came and wilderness, the into journey day's a went himself he But 1Kgs.19:4
there. servant his left and Judah, to belongeth which Beersheba, to came and life, his for went and arose, he that, saw he when And 1Kgs.19:3
time. this about morrow to by them of one of life the as life thy not make I if also, more and me, to do gods the let So saying, Elijah, unto messenger a sent Jezebel Then 1Kgs.19:2
sword. the with prophets the all slain had he how withal and done, had Elijah that all Jezebel told Ahab And 1Kgs.19:1
Jezreel. of entrance the to Ahab before ran and loins, his up girded he and Elijah; on was Lord the of hand the And 1Kgs.18:46
Jezreel. to went and rode, Ahab And rain. great a was there and wind, and clouds with black was heaven the that while, mean the in pass to came it And 1Kgs.18:45
not. thee stop rain the that down thee get and chariot, thy Prepare Ahab, unto say up, Go said, he And hand. man's a like sea, the of out cloud little a ariseth there Behold, said, he that time, seventh the at pass to came it And 1Kgs.18:44
times. seven again Go said, he And nothing. is There said, and looked, and up, went he And sea. the toward look now, up Go servant, his to said And 1Kgs.18:43
knees, his between face his put and earth, the upon down himself cast he and Carmel; of top the to up went Elijah And drink. to and eat to up went Ahab So 1Kgs.18:42
rain. of abundance of sound a is there for drink; and eat up, thee Get Ahab, unto said Elijah And 1Kgs.18:41
there. them slew and Kishon, brook the to down them brought Elijah and them: took they And escape. them of one not let Baal; of prophets the Take them, unto said Elijah And 1Kgs.18:40
God. the is he , Lord the God; the is he , Lord The said, they and faces: their on fell they it, saw people the all when And 1Kgs.18:39
trench. the in was that water the up licked and dust, the and stones, the and wood, the and sacrifice, burnt the consumed and fell, Lord the of fire the Then 1Kgs.18:38
again. back heart their turned hast thou that and God, Lord the art thou that know may people this that me, hear , Lord O me, Hear 1Kgs.18:37
word. thy at things these all done have I that and servant, thy am I that and Israel, in God art thou that day this known be it let Israel, of and Isaac, Abraham, of God Lord said, and near, came prophet the Elijah that sacrifice, evening the of offering the of time the at pass to came it And 1Kgs.18:36
water. with also trench the filled he and altar; the about round ran water the And 1Kgs.18:35
time. third the it did they And time. third the it Do said, he And time. second the it did they And time. second the it Do said, he And 1Kgs.18:34
wood. the on and sacrifice, burnt the on it pour and water, with barrels four Fill said, and wood, the on him laid and pieces, in bullock the cut and order, in wood the put he And 1Kgs.18:33
seed. of measures two contain would as great as altar, the about trench a made he and : Lord the of name the in altar an built he stones the with And 1Kgs.18:32
name: thy be shall Israel saying, came, Lord the of word the whom unto Jacob, of sons the of tribes the of number the to according stones, twelve took Elijah And 1Kgs.18:31
down. broken was that Lord the of altar the repaired he And him. unto near came people the all And me. unto near Come people, the all unto said Elijah And 1Kgs.18:30
regarded. that any nor answer, to any nor voice, neither was there that sacrifice, evening the of offering the of time the until prophesied they and past, was midday when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.18:29
them. upon out gushed blood the till lancets, and knives with manner their after themselves cut and aloud, cried they And 1Kgs.18:28
awaked. be must and sleepeth, he peradventure or journey, a in is he or pursuing, is he or talking, is he either god; a is he for aloud: Cry said, and them, mocked Elijah that noon, at pass to came it And 1Kgs.18:27
made. was which altar the upon leaped they And answered. that any nor voice, no was there But us. hear Baal, O saying, noon, until even morning from Baal of name the on called and it, dressed they and them, given was which bullock the took they And 1Kgs.18:26
under. fire no put but gods, your of name the on call and many; are ye for first; it dress and yourselves, for bullock one you Choose Baal, of prophets the unto said Elijah And 1Kgs.18:25
spoken. well is It said, and answered people the all And God. be him let fire, by answereth that God the and : Lord the of name the on call will I and gods, your of name the on ye call And 1Kgs.18:24
under: fire no put and wood, on it lay and bullock, other the dress will I and under: fire no put and wood, on it lay and pieces, in it cut and themselves, for bullock one choose them let and bullocks; two us give therefore them Let 1Kgs.18:23
men. fifty and hundred four are prophets Baal's but ; Lord the of prophet a remain only, I even I, people, the unto Elijah said Then 1Kgs.18:22
word. a not him answered people the And him. follow then Baal, if but him: follow God, be Lord the if opinions? two between ye halt long How said, and people, the all unto came Elijah And 1Kgs.18:21
Carmel. mount unto together prophets the gathered and Israel, of children the all unto sent Ahab So 1Kgs.18:20
table. Jezebel's at eat which hundred, four groves the of prophets the and fifty, and hundred four Baal of prophets the and Carmel, mount unto Israel all me to gather and send, therefore Now 1Kgs.18:19
Baalim. followed hast thou and , Lord the of commandments the forsaken have ye that in house, father's thy and thou, but Israel; troubled not have I answered, he And 1Kgs.18:18
Israel? troubleth that he thou Art him, unto said Ahab that Elijah, saw Ahab when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.18:17
Elijah. meet to went Ahab and him: told and Ahab, meet to went Obadiah So 1Kgs.18:16
day. to him unto myself shew surely will I stand, I whom before liveth, hosts of Lord the As said, Elijah And 1Kgs.18:15
me. slay shall he and here: is Elijah Behold, lord, thy tell Go, sayest, thou now And 1Kgs.18:14
water? and bread with them fed and cave, a in fifty by prophets 's Lord the of men hundred an hid I how , Lord the of prophets the slew Jezebel when did I what lord my told not it Was 1Kgs.18:13
youth. my from Lord the fear servant thy I but me: slay shall he thee, find cannot he and Ahab, tell and come I when so and not; know I whither thee carry shall Lord the of Spirit the that thee, from gone am I as soon as pass, to come shall it And 1Kgs.18:12
here. is Elijah Behold, lord, thy tell Go, sayest, thou now And 1Kgs.18:11
not. thee found they that nation, and kingdom the of oath an took he there; not is He said, they when and thee: seek to sent not hath lord my whither kingdom, or nation no is there liveth, God thy Lord the As 1Kgs.18:10
me? slay to Ahab, of hand the into servant thy deliver wouldest thou that sinned, I have What said, he And 1Kgs.18:9
here. is Elijah Behold, lord, thy tell go, am: I him, answered he And 1Kgs.18:8
Elijah? lord my that thou Art said, and face, his on fell and him, knew he and him: met Elijah behold, way, the in was Obadiah as And 1Kgs.18:7
himself. by way another went Obadiah and himself, by way one went Ahab it: throughout pass to them between land the divided they So 1Kgs.18:6
beasts. the all not lose we that alive, mules and horses the save to grass find may we peradventure brooks: all unto and water, of fountains all unto land, the into Go Obadiah, unto said Ahab And 1Kgs.18:5
water.) and bread with them fed and cave, a in fifty by them hid and prophets, hundred an took Obadiah that , Lord the of prophets the off cut Jezebel when so, was it For 1Kgs.18:4
greatly: Lord the feared Obadiah (Now house. his of governor the was which Obadiah, called Ahab And 1Kgs.18:3
Samaria. in famine sore a was there And Ahab. unto himself shew to went Elijah And 1Kgs.18:2
earth. the upon rain send will I and Ahab; unto thyself shew Go, saying, year, third the in Elijah to came Lord the of word the that days, many after pass to came it And 1Kgs.18:1
truth. is mouth thy in Lord the of word the that and God, of man a art thou that know I this by Now Elijah, to said woman the And 1Kgs.17:24
liveth. son thy See, said, Elijah and mother: his unto him delivered and house, the into chamber the of out down him brought and child, the took Elijah And 1Kgs.17:23
revived. he and again, him into came child the of soul the and Elijah; of voice the heard Lord the And 1Kgs.17:22
again. him into come soul child's this let thee, pray I God, my Lord O said, and , Lord the unto cried and times, three child the upon himself stretched he And 1Kgs.17:21
son? her slaying by sojourn, I whom with widow the upon evil brought also thou hast God, my Lord O said, and , Lord the unto cried he And 1Kgs.17:20
bed. own his upon him laid and abode, he where loft, a into up him carried and bosom, her of out him took he And son. thy me Give her, unto said he And 1Kgs.17:19
son? my slay to and remembrance, to sin my call to me unto come thou art God? of man thou O thee, with do to I have What Elijah, unto said she And 1Kgs.17:18
him. in left breath no was there that sore, so was sickness his and sick; fell house, the of mistress the woman, the of son the that things, these after pass to came it And 1Kgs.17:17
Elijah. by spake he which , Lord the of word the to according fail, oil of cruse the did neither not, wasted meal of barrel the And 1Kgs.17:16
days. many eat did house, her and he, and she, and Elijah: of saying the to according did and went she And 1Kgs.17:15
earth. the upon rain sendeth Lord the that day the until fail, oil of cruse the shall neither waste, not shall meal of barrel The Israel, of God Lord the saith thus For 1Kgs.17:14
son. thy for and thee for make after and me, unto it bring and first, cake little a thereof me make but said: hast thou as do and go not; Fear her, unto said Elijah And 1Kgs.17:13
die. and it, eat may we that son, my and me for it dress and in go may I that sticks, two gathering am I behold, and, cruse: a in oil little a and barrel, a in meal of handful an but cake, a not have I liveth, God thy Lord the As said, she And 1Kgs.17:12
hand. thine in bread of morsel a thee, pray I me, Bring said, and her, to called he it, fetch to going was she as And 1Kgs.17:11
drink. may I that vessel, a in water little a thee, pray I me, Fetch said, and her, to called he and sticks: of gathering there was woman widow the behold, city, the of gate the to came he when And Zarephath. to went and arose he So 1Kgs.17:10
thee. sustain to there woman widow a commanded have I behold, there: dwell and Zidon, to belongeth which Zarephath, to thee get Arise, 1Kgs.17:9
saying, him, unto came Lord the of word the And 1Kgs.17:8
land. the in rain no been had there because up, dried brook the that while, a after pass to came it And 1Kgs.17:7
brook. the of drank he and evening; the in flesh and bread and morning, the in flesh and bread him brought ravens the And 1Kgs.17:6
Jordan. before is that Cherith, brook the by dwelt and went he for : Lord the of word the unto according did and went he So 1Kgs.17:5
there. thee feed to ravens the commanded have I and brook; the of drink shalt thou that be, shall it And 1Kgs.17:4
Jordan. before is that Cherith, brook the by thyself hide and eastward, thee turn and hence, thee Get 1Kgs.17:3
saying, him, unto came Lord the of word the And 1Kgs.17:2
word. my to according but years, these rain nor dew be not shall there stand, I whom before liveth, Israel of God Lord the As Ahab, unto said Gilead, of inhabitants the of was who Tishbite, the Elijah And 1Kgs.17:1
Nun. of son the Joshua by spake he which , Lord the of word the to according Segub, son youngest his in thereof gates the up set and firstborn, his Abiram in thereof foundation the laid he Jericho: build Bethelite the Hiel did days his In 1Kgs.16:34
him. before were that Israel of kings the all than anger to Israel of God Lord the provoke to more did Ahab and grove; a made Ahab And 1Kgs.16:33
Samaria. in built had he which Baal, of house the in Baal for altar an up reared he And 1Kgs.16:32
him. worshipped and Baal, served and went and Zidonians, the of king Ethbaal of daughter the Jezebel wife to took he that Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of sins the in walk to him for thing light a been had it if as pass, to came it And 1Kgs.16:31
him. before were that all above Lord the of sight the in evil did Omri of son the Ahab And 1Kgs.16:30
years. two and twenty Samaria in Israel over reigned Omri of son the Ahab and Israel: over reign to Omri of son the Ahab began Judah of king Asa of year eighth and thirty the in And 1Kgs.16:29
stead. his in reigned son his Ahab and Samaria: in buried was and fathers, his with slept Omri So 1Kgs.16:28
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are shewed, he that might his and did, he which Omri of acts the of rest the Now 1Kgs.16:27
vanities. their with anger to Israel of God Lord the provoke to sin, to Israel made he wherewith sin his in and Nebat, of son the Jeroboam of way the all in walked he For 1Kgs.16:26
him. before were that all than worse did and , Lord the of eyes the in evil wrought Omri But 1Kgs.16:25
Samaria. hill, the of owner Shemer, of name the after built, he which city the of name the called and hill, the on built and silver, of talents two for Shemer of Samaria hill the bought he And 1Kgs.16:24
Tirzah. in he reigned years six years: twelve Israel, over reign to Omri began Judah of king Asa of year first and thirty the In 1Kgs.16:23
reigned. Omri and died, Tibni so Ginath: of son the Tibni followed that people the against prevailed Omri followed that people the But 1Kgs.16:22
Omri. followed half and king; him make to Ginath, of son the Tibni followed people the of half parts: two into divided Israel of people the were Then 1Kgs.16:21
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are wrought, he that treason his and Zimri, of acts the of rest the Now 1Kgs.16:20
sin. to Israel make to did, he which sin his in and Jeroboam, of way the in walking in , Lord the of sight the in evil doing in sinned he which sins his For 1Kgs.16:19
died. and fire, with him over house king's the burnt and house, king's the of palace the into went he that taken, was city the that saw Zimri when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.16:18
Tirzah. besieged they and him, with Israel all and Gibbethon, from up went Omri And 1Kgs.16:17
camp. the in day that Israel over king host, the of captain the Omri, made Israel all wherefore king: the slain also hath and conspired, hath Zimri say, heard encamped were that people the And 1Kgs.16:16
Philistines. the to belonged which Gibbethon, against encamped were people the And Tirzah. in days seven reign Zimri did Judah of king Asa of year seventh and twenty the In 1Kgs.16:15
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he that all and Elah, of acts the of rest the Now 1Kgs.16:14
vanities. their with anger to Israel of God Lord the provoking in sin, to Israel made they which by and sinned, they which by son, his Elah of sins the and Baasha, of sins the all For 1Kgs.16:13
prophet. the Jehu by Baasha against spake he which , Lord the of word the to according Baasha, of house the all destroy Zimri did Thus 1Kgs.16:12
friends. his of nor kinsfolks, his of neither wall, a against pisseth that one not him left he Baasha: of house the all slew he that throne, his on sat he as soon as reign, to began he when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.16:11
stead. his in reigned and Judah, of king Asa of year seventh and twenty the in him, killed and him, smote and in went Zimri And 1Kgs.16:10
Tirzah. in house his of steward Arza of house the in drunk himself drinking Tirzah, in was he as him, against conspired chariots, his half of captain Zimri, servant his And 1Kgs.16:9
years. two Tirzah, in Israel over reign to Baasha of son the Elah began Judah of king Asa of year sixth and twenty the In 1Kgs.16:8
him. killed he because and Jeroboam; of house the like being in hands, his of work the with anger to him provoking in , Lord the of sight the in did he that evil the all for even house, his against and Baasha, against Lord the of word the came Hanani of son the Jehu prophet the of hand the by also And 1Kgs.16:7
stead. his in reigned son his Elah and Tirzah: in buried was and fathers, his with slept Baasha So 1Kgs.16:6
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are might, his and did, he what and Baasha, of acts the of rest the Now 1Kgs.16:5
eat. air the of fowls the shall fields the in his of dieth that him and eat; dogs the shall city the in Baasha of dieth that Him 1Kgs.16:4
Nebat. of son the Jeroboam of house the like house thy make will and house; his of posterity the and Baasha, of posterity the away take will I Behold, 1Kgs.16:3
sins; their with anger to me provoke to sin, to Israel people my made hast and Jeroboam, of way the in walked hast thou and Israel; people my over prince thee made and dust, the of out thee exalted I as Forasmuch 1Kgs.16:2
saying, Baasha, against Hanani of son the Jehu to came Lord the of word the Then 1Kgs.16:1
sin. to Israel made he wherewith sin his in and Jeroboam, of way the in walked and , Lord the of sight the in evil did he And 1Kgs.15:34
years. four and twenty Tirzah, in Israel all over reign to Ahijah of son the Baasha began Judah of king Asa of year third the In 1Kgs.15:33
days. their all Israel of king Baasha and Asa between war was there And 1Kgs.15:32
Israel? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he that all and Nadab, of acts the of rest the Now 1Kgs.15:31
anger. to Israel of God Lord the provoked he wherewith provocation his by sin, Israel made he which and sinned, he which Jeroboam of sins the of Because 1Kgs.15:30
Shilonite: the Ahijah servant his by spake he which , Lord the of saying the unto according him, destroyed had he until breathed, that any Jeroboam to not left he Jeroboam; of house the all smote he that reigned, he when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.15:29
stead. his in reigned and him, slay Baasha did Judah of king Asa of year third the in Even 1Kgs.15:28
Gibbethon. to siege laid Israel all and Nadab for Philistines; the to belonged which Gibbethon, at him smote Baasha and him; against conspired Issachar, of house the of Ahijah, of son the Baasha And 1Kgs.15:27
sin. to Israel made he wherewith sin his in and father, his of way the in walked and , Lord the of sight the in evil did he And 1Kgs.15:26
years. two Israel over reigned and Judah, of king Asa of year second the in Israel over reign to began Jeroboam of son the Nadab And 1Kgs.15:25
stead. his in reigned son his Jehoshaphat and father: his David of city the in fathers his with buried was and fathers, his with slept Asa And 1Kgs.15:24
feet. his in diseased was he age old his of time the in Nevertheless Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are built, he which cities the and did, he that all and might, his all and Asa, of acts the all of rest The 1Kgs.15:23
Mizpah. and Benjamin, of Geba them with built Asa king and builded; had Baasha wherewith thereof, timber the and Ramah, of stones the away took they and exempted: was none Judah; all throughout proclamation a made Asa king Then 1Kgs.15:22
Tirzah. in dwelt and Ramah, of building off left he that thereof, heard Baasha when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.15:21
Naphtali. of land the all with Cinneroth, all and Abelbethmaachah, and Dan, and Ijon, smote and Israel, of cities the against had he which hosts the of captains the sent and Asa, king unto hearkened Benhadad So 1Kgs.15:20
me. from depart may he that Israel, of king Baasha with league thy break and come gold; and silver of present a thee unto sent have I behold, father: thy and father my between and thee, and me between league a is There 1Kgs.15:19
saying, Damascus, at dwelt that Syria, of king Hezion, of son the Tabrimon, of son the Benhadad, to them sent Asa king and servants: his of hand the into them delivered and house, king's the of treasures the and , Lord the of house the of treasures the in left were that gold the and silver the all took Asa Then 1Kgs.15:18
Judah. of king Asa to in come or out go to any suffer not might he that Ramah, built and Judah, against up went Israel of king Baasha And 1Kgs.15:17
days. their all Israel of king Baasha and Asa between war was there And 1Kgs.15:16
vessels. and gold, and silver, , Lord the of house the into dedicated, had himself which things the and dedicated, had father his which things the in brought he And 1Kgs.15:15
days. his all Lord the with perfect was heart Asa's nevertheless removed: not were places high the But 1Kgs.15:14
Kidron. brook the by it burnt and idol, her destroyed Asa and grove; a in idol an made had she because queen, being from removed he her even mother, his Maachah also And 1Kgs.15:13
made. had fathers his that idols the all removed and land, the of out sodomites the away took he And 1Kgs.15:12
father. his David did as , Lord the of eyes the in right was which that did Asa And 1Kgs.15:11
Abishalom. of daughter the Maachah, was name mother's his And Jerusalem. in he reigned years one and forty And 1Kgs.15:10
Judah. over Asa reigned Israel of king Jeroboam of year twentieth the in And 1Kgs.15:9
stead. his in reigned son his Asa and David: of city the in him buried they and fathers; his with slept Abijam And 1Kgs.15:8
Jeroboam. and Abijam between war was there And Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he that all and Abijam, of acts the of rest the Now 1Kgs.15:7
life. his of days the all Jeroboam and Rehoboam between war was there And 1Kgs.15:6
Hittite. the Uriah of matter the in only save life, his of days the all him commanded he that thing any from aside not turned and , Lord the of eyes the in right was which that did David Because 1Kgs.15:5
Jerusalem: establish to and him, after son his up set to Jerusalem, in lamp a him give God his Lord the did sake David's for Nevertheless 1Kgs.15:4
father. his David of heart the as God, his Lord the with perfect not was heart his and him: before done had he which father, his of sins the all in walked he And 1Kgs.15:3
Abishalom. of daughter the Maachah, was name mother's his and Jerusalem. in he reigned years Three 1Kgs.15:2
Judah. over Abijam reigned Nebat of son the Jeroboam king of year eighteenth the in Now 1Kgs.15:1
stead. his in reigned son his Abijam And Ammonitess. an Naamah was name mother's his And David. of city the in fathers his with buried was and fathers, his with slept Rehoboam And 1Kgs.14:31
days. their all Jeroboam and Rehoboam between war was there And 1Kgs.14:30
Judah? of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written not they are did, he that all and Rehoboam, of acts the of rest the Now 1Kgs.14:29
chamber. guard the into back them brought and them, bare guard the that , Lord the of house the into went king the when so, was it And 1Kgs.14:28
house. king's the of door the kept which guard, the of chief the of hands the unto them committed and shields, brasen stead their in made Rehoboam king And 1Kgs.14:27
made. had Solomon which gold of shields the all away took he and all: away took even he house; king's the of treasures the and , Lord the of house the of treasures the away took he And 1Kgs.14:26
Jerusalem: against up came Egypt of king Shishak that Rehoboam, king of year fifth the in pass to came it And 1Kgs.14:25
Israel. of children the before out cast Lord the which nations the of abominations the all to according did they and land: the in sodomites also were there And 1Kgs.14:24
tree. green every under and hill, high every on groves, and images, and places, high them built also they For 1Kgs.14:23
done. had fathers their that all above committed, had they which sins their with jealousy to him provoked they and , Lord the of sight the in evil did Judah And 1Kgs.14:22
Ammonitess. an Naamah was name mother's his And there. name his put to Israel, of tribes the all of out choose did Lord the which city the Jerusalem, in years seventeen reigned he and reign, to began he when old years one and forty was Rehoboam Judah. in reigned Solomon of son the Rehoboam And 1Kgs.14:21
stead. his in reigned son his Nadab and fathers, his with slept he and years: twenty and two were reigned Jeroboam which days the And 1Kgs.14:20
Israel. of kings the of chronicles the of book the in written are they behold, reigned, he how and warred, he how Jeroboam, of acts the of rest the And 1Kgs.14:19
prophet. the Ahijah servant his of hand the by spake he which , Lord the of word the to according him, for mourned Israel all and him; buried they And 1Kgs.14:18
died; child the door, the of threshold the to came she when and Tirzah: to came and departed, and arose, wife Jeroboam's And 1Kgs.14:17
sin. to Israel made who and sin, did who Jeroboam, of sins the of because up Israel give shall he And 1Kgs.14:16
anger. to Lord the provoking groves, their made have they because river, the beyond them scatter shall and fathers, their to gave he which land, good this of out Israel up root shall he and water, the in shaken is reed a as Israel, smite shall Lord the For 1Kgs.14:15
now. even what? but day: that Jeroboam of house the off cut shall who Israel, over king a up him raise shall Lord the Moreover 1Kgs.14:14
Jeroboam. of house the in Israel of God Lord the toward thing good some found is there him in because grave, the to come shall Jeroboam of only he for him: bury and him, for mourn shall Israel all And 1Kgs.14:13
die. shall child the city, the into enter feet thy when and house: own thine to thee get therefore, thou Arise 1Kgs.14:12
it. spoken hath Lord the for eat: air the of fowls the shall field the in dieth that him and eat; dogs the shall city the in Jeroboam of dieth that Him 1Kgs.14:11
gone. all be it till dung, away taketh man a as Jeroboam, of house the of remnant the away take will and Israel, in left and up shut is that him and wall, the against pisseth that him Jeroboam from off cut will and Jeroboam, of house the upon evil bring will I behold, Therefore, 1Kgs.14:10
back: thy behind me cast hast and anger, to me provoke to images, molten and gods, other thee made and gone hast thou for thee: before were that all above evil done hast But 1Kgs.14:9
eyes; mine in right was which only that do to heart, his all with me followed who and commandments, my kept who David, servant my as been not hast thou yet and thee: it gave and David, of house the from away kingdom the rent And 1Kgs.14:8
Israel, people my over prince thee made and people, the among from thee exalted I as Forasmuch Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus Jeroboam, tell Go, 1Kgs.14:7
tidings. heavy with thee to sent am I for another? be to thyself thou feignest why Jeroboam; of wife thou in, Come said, he that door, the at in came she as feet, her of sound the heard Ahijah when so, was it And 1Kgs.14:6
woman. another be to herself feign shall she that in, cometh she when be, shall it for her: unto say thou shalt thus and thus sick: is he for son; her for thee of thing a ask to cometh Jeroboam of wife the Behold, Ahijah, unto said Lord the And 1Kgs.14:5
age. his of reason by set were eyes his for see; not could Ahijah But Ahijah. of house the to came and Shiloh, to went and arose, and so, did wife Jeroboam's And 1Kgs.14:4
child. the of become shall what thee tell shall he him: to go and honey, of cruse a and cracknels, and loaves, ten thee with take And 1Kgs.14:3
people. this over king be should I that me told which prophet, the Ahijah is there behold, Shiloh: to thee get and Jeroboam; of wife the be to known not be thou that thyself, disguise and thee, pray I Arise, wife, his to said Jeroboam And 1Kgs.14:2
sick. fell Jeroboam of son the Abijah time that At 1Kgs.14:1
earth. the of face the off from it destroy to and off, it cut to even Jeroboam, of house the unto sin became thing this And 1Kgs.13:34
places. high the of priests the of one became he and him, consecrated he would, whosoever places: high the of priests people the of lowest the of again made but way, evil his from not returned Jeroboam thing this After 1Kgs.13:33
pass. to come surely shall Samaria, of cities the in are which places high the of houses the all against and Bethel, in altar the against Lord the of word the by cried he which saying the For 1Kgs.13:32
bones: his beside bones my lay buried; is God of man the wherein sepulchre the in me bury then dead, am I When saying, sons, his to spake he that him, buried had he after pass, to came it And 1Kgs.13:31
brother! my Alas, saying, him, over mourned they and grave; own his in carcase his laid he And 1Kgs.13:30
him. bury to and mourn to city, the to came prophet old the and back: it brought and ass, the upon it laid and God, of man the of carcase the up took prophet the And 1Kgs.13:29
ass. the torn nor carcase, the eaten not had lion the carcase: the by standing lion the and ass the and way, the in cast carcase his found and went he And 1Kgs.13:28
him. saddled they And ass. the me Saddle saying, sons, his to spake he And 1Kgs.13:27
him. unto spake he which , Lord the of word the to according him, slain and him, torn hath which lion, the unto him delivered hath Lord the therefore : Lord the of word the unto disobedient was who God, of man the is It said, he thereof, heard way the from back him brought that prophet the when And 1Kgs.13:26
dwelt. prophet old the where city the in it told and came they and carcase: the by standing lion the and way, the in cast carcase the saw and by, passed men behold, And, 1Kgs.13:25
carcase. the by stood also lion the it, by stood ass the and way, the in cast was carcase his and him: slew and way, the by him met lion a gone, was he when And 1Kgs.13:24
back. brought had he whom prophet the for wit, to ass, the him for saddled he that drunk, had he after and bread, eaten had he after pass, to came it And 1Kgs.13:23
fathers. thy of sepulchre the unto come not shall carcase thy water; no drink and bread, no Eat thee, to say did Lord the which the of place, the in water drunk and bread eaten hast and back, camest But 1Kgs.13:22
thee, commanded God thy Lord the which commandment the kept not hast and , Lord the of mouth the disobeyed hast thou as Forasmuch , Lord the saith Thus saying, Judah, from came that God of man the unto cried he And 1Kgs.13:21
back: him brought that prophet the unto came Lord the of word the that table, the at sat they as pass, to came it And 1Kgs.13:20
water. drank and house, his in bread eat did and him, with back went he So 1Kgs.13:19
him. unto lied he But water. drink and bread eat may he that house, thine into thee with back him Bring saying, , Lord the of word the by me unto spake angel an and art; thou as also prophet a am I him, unto said He 1Kgs.13:18
camest. thou that way the by go to again turn nor there, water drink nor bread no eat shalt Thou , Lord the of word the by me to said was it For 1Kgs.13:17
place: this in thee with water drink nor bread eat I will neither thee: with in go nor thee, with return not may I said, he And 1Kgs.13:16
bread. eat and me, with home Come him, unto said he Then 1Kgs.13:15
am. I said, he And Judah? from camest that God of man the thou Art him, unto said he and oak: an under sitting him found and God, of man the after went And 1Kgs.13:14
thereon, rode he and ass: the him saddled they So ass. the me Saddle sons, his unto said he And 1Kgs.13:13
Judah. from came which went, God of man the way what seen had sons his For he? went way What them, unto said father their And 1Kgs.13:12
father. their to also told they them king, the unto spoken had he which words the Bethel: in day that done had God of man the that works the all him told and came sons his and Bethel; in prophet old an dwelt there Now 1Kgs.13:11
Bethel. to came he that way the by not returned and way, another went he So 1Kgs.13:10
camest. thou that way same the by again turn nor water, drink nor bread, no Eat saying, , Lord the of word the by me charged it was so For 1Kgs.13:9
place: this in water drink nor bread eat I will neither thee, with in go not will I house, thine half me give wilt thou If king, the unto said God of man the And 1Kgs.13:8
reward. a thee give will I and thyself, refresh and me, with home Come God, of man the unto said king the And 1Kgs.13:7
before. was it as became and again, him restored was hand king's the and , Lord the besought God of man the And again. me restored be may hand my that me, for pray and God, thy Lord the of face the now Intreat God, of man the unto said and answered king the And 1Kgs.13:6
. Lord the of word the by given had God of man the which sign the to according altar, the from out poured ashes the and rent, was also altar The 1Kgs.13:5
him. to again in it pull not could he that so up, dried him, against forth put he which hand, his And him. on hold Lay saying, altar, the from hand his forth put he that Bethel, in altar the against cried had which God, of man the of saying the heard Jeroboam king when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.13:4
out. poured be shall it upon are that ashes the and rent, be shall altar the Behold, spoken; hath Lord the which sign the is This saying, day, same the sign a gave he And 1Kgs.13:3
thee. upon burnt be shall bones men's and thee, upon incense burn that places high the of priests the offer he shall thee upon and name; by Josiah David, of house the unto born be shall child a Behold, ; Lord the saith thus altar, altar, O said, and , Lord the of word the in altar the against cried he And 1Kgs.13:2
incense. burn to altar the by stood Jeroboam and Bethel: unto Lord the of word the by Judah of out God of man a came there behold, And, 1Kgs.13:1
incense. burnt and altar, the upon offered he and Israel: of children the unto feast a ordained and heart; own his of devised had he which month the in even month, eighth the of day fifteenth the Bethel in made had he which altar the upon offered he So 1Kgs.12:33
made. had he which places high the of priests the Bethel in placed he and made: had he that calves the unto sacrificing Bethel, in he did So altar. the upon offered he and Judah, in is that feast the unto like month, the of day fifteenth the on month, eighth the in feast a ordained Jeroboam And 1Kgs.12:32
Levi. of sons the of not were which people, the of lowest the of priests made and places, high of house an made he And 1Kgs.12:31
Dan. unto even one, the before worship to went people the for sin: a became thing this And 1Kgs.12:30
Dan. in he put other the and Bethel, in one the set he And 1Kgs.12:29
Egypt. of land the of out up thee brought which Israel, O gods, thy behold Jerusalem: to up go to you for much too is It them, unto said and gold, of calves two made and counsel, took king the Whereupon 1Kgs.12:28
Judah. of king Rehoboam to again go and me, kill shall they and Judah, of king Rehoboam unto even lord, their unto again turn people this of heart the shall then Jerusalem, at Lord the of house the in sacrifice do to up go people this If 1Kgs.12:27
David: of house the to return kingdom the shall Now heart, his in said Jeroboam And 1Kgs.12:26
Penuel. built and thence, from out went and therein; dwelt and Ephraim, mount in Shechem built Jeroboam Then 1Kgs.12:25
. Lord the of word the to according depart, to returned and , Lord the of word the to therefore hearkened They me. from is thing this for house; his to man every return Israel: of children the brethren your against fight nor up, go not shall Ye , Lord the saith Thus 1Kgs.12:24
saying, people, the of remnant the to and Benjamin, and Judah of house the all unto and Judah, of king Solomon, of son the Rehoboam, unto Speak 1Kgs.12:23
saying, God, of man the Shemaiah unto came God of word the But 1Kgs.12:22
Solomon. of son the Rehoboam to again kingdom the bring to Israel, of house the against fight to warriors, were which men, chosen thousand fourscore and hundred an Benjamin, of tribe the with Judah, of house the all assembled he Jerusalem, to come was Rehoboam when And 1Kgs.12:21
only. Judah of tribe the but David, of house the followed that none was there Israel: all over king him made and congregation, the unto him called and sent they that again, come was Jeroboam that heard Israel all when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.12:20
day. this unto David of house the against rebelled Israel So 1Kgs.12:19
Jerusalem. to flee to chariot, his to up him get to speed made Rehoboam king Therefore died. he that stones, with him stoned Israel all and tribute; the over was who Adoram, sent Rehoboam king Then 1Kgs.12:18
them. over reigned Rehoboam Judah, of cities the in dwelt which Israel of children the for as But 1Kgs.12:17
tents. their unto departed Israel So David. house, own thine to see now Israel: O tents, your to Jesse: of son the in inheritance we have neither David? in we have portion What saying, king, the answered people the them, unto not hearkened king the that saw Israel all when So 1Kgs.12:16
Nebat. of son the Jeroboam unto Shilonite the Ahijah by spake Lord the which saying, his perform might he that , Lord the from was cause the for people; the unto not hearkened king the Wherefore 1Kgs.12:15
scorpions. with you chastise will I but whips, with you chastised also father my yoke: your to add will I and heavy, yoke your made father My saying, men, young the of counsel the after them to spake And 1Kgs.12:14
him; gave they that counsel men's old the forsook and roughly, people the answered king the And 1Kgs.12:13
day. third the again me to Come saying, appointed, had king the as day, third the Rehoboam to came people the all and Jeroboam So 1Kgs.12:12
scorpions. with you chastise will I but whips, with you chastised hath father my yoke: your to add will I yoke, heavy a with you lade did father my whereas now And 1Kgs.12:11
loins. father's my than thicker be shall finger little My them, unto say thou shalt thus us; unto lighter it thou make but heavy, yoke our made father Thy saying, thee, unto spake that people this unto speak thou shalt Thus saying, him, unto spake him with up grown were that men young the And 1Kgs.12:10
lighter? us upon put did father thy which yoke the Make saying, me, to spoken have who people, this answer may we that ye give counsel What them, unto said he And 1Kgs.12:9
him: before stood which and him, with up grown were that men young the with consulted and him, given had they which men, old the of counsel the forsook he But 1Kgs.12:8
ever. for servants thy be will they then them, to words good speak and them, answer and them, serve wilt and day, this people this unto servant a be wilt thou If saying, him, unto spake they And 1Kgs.12:7
people? this answer may I that advise ye do How said, and lived, yet he while father his Solomon before stood that men, old the with consulted Rehoboam king And 1Kgs.12:6
departed. people the And me. to again come then days, three for yet Depart them, unto said he And 1Kgs.12:5
thee. serve will we and lighter, us, upon put he which yoke heavy his and father, thy of service grievous the thou make therefore now grievous: yoke our made father Thy 1Kgs.12:4
saying, Rehoboam, unto spake and came, Israel of congregation the all and Jeroboam And him. called and sent they That 1Kgs.12:3
Egypt;) in dwelt Jeroboam and Solomon, king of presence the from fled was he (for it, of heard Egypt, in yet was who Nebat, of son the Jeroboam when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.12:2
king. him make to Shechem to come were Israel all for Shechem: to went Rehoboam And 1Kgs.12:1
stead. his in reigned son his Rehoboam and father: his David of city the in buried was and fathers, his with slept Solomon And 1Kgs.11:43
years. forty was Israel all over Jerusalem in reigned Solomon that time the And 1Kgs.11:42
Solomon? of acts the of book the in written not they are wisdom, his and did, he that all and Solomon, of acts the of rest the And 1Kgs.11:41
Solomon. of death the until Egypt in was and Egypt, of king Shishak unto Egypt, into fled and arose, Jeroboam And Jeroboam. kill to therefore sought Solomon 1Kgs.11:40
ever. for not but David, of seed the afflict this for will I And 1Kgs.11:39
thee. unto Israel give will and David, for built I as house, sure a thee build and thee, with be will I that did; servant my David as commandments, my and statutes my keep to sight, my in right is that do and ways, my in walk wilt and thee, command I that all unto hearken wilt thou if be, shall it And 1Kgs.11:38
Israel. over king be shalt and desireth, soul thy that all to according reign shalt thou and thee, take will I And 1Kgs.11:37
there. name my put to me chosen have I which city the Jerusalem, in me before alway light a have may servant my David that tribe, one give I will son his unto And 1Kgs.11:36
tribes. ten even thee, unto it give will and hand, son's his of out kingdom the take will I But 1Kgs.11:35
statutes: my and commandments my kept he because chose, I whom sake, servant's my David for life his of days the all prince him make will I but hand: his of out kingdom whole the take not will I Howbeit 1Kgs.11:34
father. his David did as judgments, my and statutes my keep to and eyes, mine in right is which that do to ways, my in walked not have and Ammon, of children the of god the Milcom and Moabites, the of god the Chemosh Zidonians, the of goddess the Ashtoreth worshipped have and me, forsaken have they that Because 1Kgs.11:33
Israel:) of tribes the all of out chosen have I which city the sake, Jerusalem's for and sake, David's servant my for tribe one have shall he (But 1Kgs.11:32
thee: to tribes ten give will and Solomon, of hand the of out kingdom the rend will I Behold, Israel, of God the , Lord the saith thus for pieces: ten thee Take Jeroboam, to said he And 1Kgs.11:31
pieces: twelve in it rent and him, on was that garment new the caught Ahijah And 1Kgs.11:30
field: the in alone were two they and garment; new a with himself clad had he and way; the in him found Shilonite the Ahijah prophet the that Jerusalem, of out went Jeroboam when time that at pass to came it And 1Kgs.11:29
Joseph. of house the of charge the all over ruler him made he industrious, was he that man young the seeing Solomon and valour: of man mighty a was Jeroboam man the And 1Kgs.11:28
father. his David of city the of breaches the repaired and Millo, built Solomon king: the against hand his up lifted he that cause the was this And 1Kgs.11:27
king. the against hand his up lifted he even woman, widow a Zeruah, was name mother's whose servant, Solomon's Zereda, of Ephrathite an Nebat, of son the Jeroboam And 1Kgs.11:26
Syria. over reigned and Israel, abhorred he and did: Hadad that mischief the beside Solomon, of days the all Israel to adversary an was he And 1Kgs.11:25
Damascus. in reigned and therein, dwelt and Damascus, to went they and Zobah: of them slew David when band, a over captain became and him, unto men gathered he And 1Kgs.11:24
Zobah: of king Hadadezer lord his from fled which Eliadah, of son the Rezon adversary, another up him stirred God And 1Kgs.11:23
wise. any in go me let howbeit Nothing: answered, he And country? own thine to go to seekest thou behold, that, me, with lacked thou hast what But him, unto said Pharaoh Then 1Kgs.11:22
country. own mine to go may I that depart, me Let Pharaoh, to said Hadad dead, was host the of captain the Joab that and fathers, his with slept David that Egypt in heard Hadad when And 1Kgs.11:21
Pharaoh. of sons the among household Pharaoh's in was Genubath and house: Pharaoh's in weaned Tahpenes whom son, his Genubath him bare Tahpenes of sister the And 1Kgs.11:20
queen. the Tahpenes of sister the wife, own his of sister the wife to him gave he that so Pharaoh, of sight the in favour great found Hadad And 1Kgs.11:19
land. him gave and victuals, him appointed and house, an him gave which Egypt; of king Pharaoh unto Egypt, to came they and Paran, of out them with men took they and Paran: to came and Midian, of out arose they And 1Kgs.11:18
child. little a yet being Hadad Egypt; into go to him, with servants father's his of Edomites certain and he fled, Hadad That 1Kgs.11:17
Edom:) in male every off cut had he until Israel, all with there remain Joab did months six (For 1Kgs.11:16
Edom; in male every smitten had he after slain, the bury to up gone was host the of captain the Joab and Edom, in was David when pass, to came it For 1Kgs.11:15
Edom. in seed king's the of was he Edomite: the Hadad Solomon, unto adversary an up stirred Lord the And 1Kgs.11:14
chosen. have I which sake Jerusalem's for and sake, servant's my David for son thy to tribe one give will but kingdom; the all away rend not will I Howbeit 1Kgs.11:13
son. thy of hand the of out it rend will I but sake: father's thy David for it do not will I days thy in Notwithstanding 1Kgs.11:12
servant. thy to it give will and thee, from kingdom the rend surely will I thee, commanded have I which statutes, my and covenant my kept not hast thou and thee, of done is this as Forasmuch Solomon, unto said Lord the Wherefore 1Kgs.11:11
commanded. Lord the which that not kept he but gods: other after go not should he that thing, this concerning him commanded had And 1Kgs.11:10
twice, him unto appeared had which Israel, of God Lord the from turned was heart his because Solomon, with angry was Lord the And 1Kgs.11:9
gods. their unto sacrificed and incense burnt which wives, strange his all for he did likewise And 1Kgs.11:8
Ammon. of children the of abomination the Molech, for and Jerusalem, before is that hill the in Moab, of abomination the Chemosh, for place high an build Solomon did Then 1Kgs.11:7
father. his David did as , Lord the after fully not went and , Lord the of sight the in evil did Solomon And 1Kgs.11:6
Ammonites. the of abomination the Milcom after and Zidonians, the of goddess the Ashtoreth after went Solomon For 1Kgs.11:5
father. his David of heart the was as God, his Lord the with perfect not was heart his and gods: other after heart his away turned wives his that old, was Solomon when pass, to came it For 1Kgs.11:4
heart. his away turned wives his and concubines: hundred three and princesses, wives, hundred seven had he And 1Kgs.11:3
love. in these unto clave Solomon gods: their after heart your away turn will they surely for you: unto in come they shall neither them, to in go not shall Ye Israel, of children the unto said Lord the which concerning nations the Of 1Kgs.11:2
Hittites: and Zidonians, Edomites, Ammonites, Moabites, the of women Pharaoh, of daughter the with together women, strange many loved Solomon king But 1Kgs.11:1
means. their by out them bring they did Syria, of kings the for and Hittites, the of kings the all for so and fifty: and hundred an for horse an and silver, of shekels hundred six for Egypt of out went and up came chariot a And 1Kgs.10:29
price. a at yarn linen the received merchants king's the yarn: linen and Egypt, of out brought horses had Solomon And 1Kgs.10:28
abundance. for vale, the in are that trees sycomore the as be to he made cedars and stones, as Jerusalem in be to silver made king the And 1Kgs.10:27
Jerusalem. at king the with and chariots, for cities the in bestowed he whom horsemen, thousand twelve and chariots, hundred four and thousand a had he and horsemen: and chariots together gathered Solomon And 1Kgs.10:26
year. by year rate a mules, and horses, spices, and armour, and garments, and gold, of vessels and silver, of vessels present, his man every brought they And 1Kgs.10:25
heart. his in put had God which wisdom, his hear to Solomon, to sought earth the all And 1Kgs.10:24
wisdom. for and riches for earth the of kings the all exceeded Solomon king So 1Kgs.10:23
peacocks. and apes, and ivory, silver, and gold, bringing Tharshish, of navy the came years three in once Hiram: of navy the with Tharshish of navy a sea at had king the For 1Kgs.10:22
Solomon. of days the in of accounted nothing was it silver: of were none gold; pure of were Lebanon of forest the of house the of vessels the all and gold, of were vessels drinking Solomon's king all And 1Kgs.10:21
kingdom. any in made like the not was there steps: six the upon other the on and side one the on there stood lions twelve And 1Kgs.10:20
stays. the beside stood lions two and seat, the of place the on side either on stays were there and behind: round was throne the of top the and steps, six had throne The 1Kgs.10:19
gold. best the with it overlaid and ivory, of throne great a made king the Moreover 1Kgs.10:18
Lebanon. of forest the of house the in them put king the and shield: one to went gold of pound three gold; beaten of shields hundred three made he And 1Kgs.10:17
target. one to went gold of shekels hundred six gold: beaten of targets hundred two made Solomon king And 1Kgs.10:16
country. the of governors the of and Arabia, of kings the all of and merchants, spice the of traffick the of and merchantmen, the of had he that Beside 1Kgs.10:15
gold, of talents six and threescore hundred six was year one in Solomon to came that gold of weight the Now 1Kgs.10:14
servants. her and she country, own her to went and turned she So bounty. royal his of her gave Solomon which that beside asked, she whatsoever desire, her all Sheba of queen the unto gave Solomon king And 1Kgs.10:13
day. this unto seen were nor trees, almug such no came there singers: for psalteries and also harps house, king's the for and , Lord the of house the for pillars trees almug the of made king the And 1Kgs.10:12
stones. precious and trees, almug of plenty great Ophir from in brought Ophir, from gold brought that Hiram, of also navy the And 1Kgs.10:11
Solomon. king to gave Sheba of queen the which these as spices of abundance such more no came there stones: precious and store, great very spices of and gold, of talents twenty and hundred an king the gave she And 1Kgs.10:10
justice. and judgment do to king, thee he made therefore ever, for Israel loved Lord the because Israel: of throne the on thee set to thee, in delighted which God, thy Lord the be Blessed 1Kgs.10:9
wisdom. thy hear that and thee, before continually stand which servants, thy these are happy men, thy are Happy 1Kgs.10:8
heard. I which fame the exceedeth prosperity and wisdom thy me: told not was half the behold, and, it: seen had eyes mine and came, I until words, the not believed I Howbeit 1Kgs.10:7
wisdom. thy of and acts thy of land own mine in heard I that report true a was It king, the to said she And 1Kgs.10:6
her. in spirit more no was there ; Lord the of house the unto up went he which by ascent his and cupbearers, his and apparel, their and ministers, his of attendance the and servants, his of sitting the and table, his of meat the And 1Kgs.10:5
built, had he that house the and wisdom, Solomon's all seen had Sheba of queen the when And 1Kgs.10:4
not. her told he which king, the from hid thing any not was there questions: her all her told Solomon And 1Kgs.10:3
heart. her in was that all of him with communed she Solomon, to come was she when and stones: precious and gold, much very and spices, bare that camels with train, great very a with Jerusalem to came she And 1Kgs.10:2
questions. hard with him prove to came she , Lord the of name the concerning Solomon of fame the of heard Sheba of queen the when And 1Kgs.10:1
Solomon. king to it brought and talents, twenty and hundred four gold, thence from fetched and Ophir, to came they And 1Kgs.9:28
Solomon. of servants the with sea, the of knowledge had that shipmen servants, his navy the in sent Hiram And 1Kgs.9:27
Edom. of land the in sea, Red the of shore the on Eloth, beside is which Eziongeber, in ships of navy a made Solomon king And 1Kgs.9:26
house. the finished he So . Lord the before was that altar the upon incense burnt he and , Lord the unto built he which altar the upon offerings peace and offerings burnt offer Solomon did year a in times three And 1Kgs.9:25
Millo. build he did then her: for built had Solomon which house her unto David of city the of out up came daughter Pharaoh's But 1Kgs.9:24
work. the in wrought that people the over rule bare which fifty, and hundred five work, Solomon's over were that officers the of chief the were These 1Kgs.9:23
horsemen. his and chariots, his of rulers and captains, his and princes, his and servants, his and war, of men were they but bondmen: no make Solomon did Israel of children the of But 1Kgs.9:22
day. this unto bondservice of tribute a levy Solomon did those upon destroy, to utterly able not were also Israel of children the whom land, the in them after left were that children Their 1Kgs.9:21
Israel, of children the of not were which Jebusites, and Hivites, Perizzites, Hittites, Amorites, the of left were that people the all And 1Kgs.9:20
dominion. his of land the all in and Lebanon, in and Jerusalem, in build to desired Solomon which that and horsemen, his for cities and chariots, his for cities and had, Solomon that store of cities the all And 1Kgs.9:19
land, the in wilderness, the in Tadmor and Baalath, And 1Kgs.9:18
nether, the Bethhoron and Gezer, built Solomon And 1Kgs.9:17
wife. Solomon's daughter, his unto present a for it given and city, the in dwelt that Canaanites the slain and fire, with it burnt and Gezer, taken and up, gone had Egypt of king Pharaoh For 1Kgs.9:16
Gezer. and Megiddo, and Hazor, and Jerusalem, of wall the and Millo, and house, own his and , Lord the of house the build to for raised; Solomon king which levy the of reason the is this And 1Kgs.9:15
gold. of talents sixscore king the to sent Hiram And 1Kgs.9:14
day. this unto Cabul of land the them called he And brother? my me, given hast thou which these are cities What said, he And 1Kgs.9:13
not. him pleased they and him; given had Solomon which cities the see to Tyre from out came Hiram And 1Kgs.9:12
Galilee. of land the in cities twenty Hiram gave Solomon king then that desire,) his all to according gold, with and trees, fir and trees cedar with Solomon furnished had Tyre of king the Hiram (Now 1Kgs.9:11
house, king's the and , Lord the of house the houses, two the built had Solomon when years, twenty of end the at pass to came it And 1Kgs.9:10
evil. this all them upon brought Lord the hath therefore them: served and them, worshipped have and gods, other upon hold taken have and Egypt, of land the of out fathers their forth brought who God, their Lord the forsook they Because answer, shall they And 1Kgs.9:9
house? this to and land, this unto thus done Lord the hath Why say, shall they and hiss; shall and astonished, be shall it by passeth that one every high, is which house, this at And 1Kgs.9:8
people: all among byword a and proverb a be shall Israel and sight; my of out cast I will name, my for hallowed have I which house, this and them; given have I which land the of out Israel off cut I will Then 1Kgs.9:7
them: worship and gods, other serve and go but you, before set have I which statutes my and commandments my keep not will and children, your or ye me, following from turn all at shall ye if But 1Kgs.9:6
Israel. of throne the upon man a thee fail not shall There saying, father, thy David to promised I as ever, for Israel upon kingdom thy of throne the establish will I Then 1Kgs.9:5
judgments: my and statutes my keep wilt and thee, commanded have I that all to according do to uprightness, in and heart, of integrity in walked, father thy David as me, before walk wilt thou if And 1Kgs.9:4
perpetually. there be shall heart mine and eyes mine and ever; for there name my put to built, hast thou which house, this hallowed have I me: before made hast thou that supplication, thy and prayer thy heard have I him, unto said Lord the And 1Kgs.9:3
Gibeon. at him unto appeared had he as time, second the Solomon to appeared Lord the That 1Kgs.9:2
do, to pleased was he which desire Solomon's all and house, king's the and , Lord the of house the of building the finished had Solomon when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.9:1
people. his Israel for and servant, his David for done had Lord the that goodness the all for heart of glad and joyful tents their unto went and king, the blessed they and away: people the sent he day eighth the On 1Kgs.8:66
days. fourteen even days, seven and days seven God, our Lord the before Egypt, of river the unto Hamath of in entering the from congregation, great a him, with Israel all and feast, a held Solomon time that at And 1Kgs.8:65
offerings. peace the of fat the and offerings, meat and offerings, burnt the receive to little too was Lord the before was that altar brasen the because offerings: peace the of fat the and offerings, meat and offerings, burnt offered he there for : Lord the of house the before was that court the of middle the hallow king the did day same The 1Kgs.8:64
. Lord the of house the dedicated Israel of children the all and king the So sheep. thousand twenty and hundred an and oxen, thousand twenty and two , Lord the unto offered he which offerings, peace of sacrifice a offered Solomon And 1Kgs.8:63
. Lord the before sacrifice offered him, with Israel all and king, the And 1Kgs.8:62
day. this at as commandments, his keep to and statutes, his in walk to God, our Lord the with perfect be therefore heart your Let 1Kgs.8:61
else. none is there that and God, is Lord the that know may earth the of people the all That 1Kgs.8:60
require: shall matter the as times, all at Israel people his of cause the and servant, his of cause the maintain he that night, and day God our Lord the unto nigh be , Lord the before supplication made have I wherewith words, my these let And 1Kgs.8:59
fathers. our commanded he which judgments, his and statutes, his and commandments, his keep to and ways, his all in walk to him, unto hearts our incline may he That 1Kgs.8:58
us: forsake nor us, leave not him let fathers: our with was he as us, with be God our Lord The 1Kgs.8:57
servant. his Moses of hand the by promised he which promise, good his all of word one failed not hath there promised: he that all to according Israel, people his unto rest given hath that , Lord the be Blessed 1Kgs.8:56
saying, voice, loud a with Israel of congregation the all blessed and stood, he And 1Kgs.8:55
heaven. to up spread hands his with knees his on kneeling from , Lord the of altar the before from arose he , Lord the unto supplication and prayer this all praying of end an made had Solomon when that so, was it And 1Kgs.8:54
God. Lord O Egypt, of out fathers our broughtest thou when servant, thy Moses of hand the by spakest thou as inheritance, thine be to earth, the of people the all among from them separate didst thou For 1Kgs.8:53
thee. unto for call they that all in them unto hearken to Israel, people thy of supplication the unto and servant, thy of supplication the unto open be may eyes thine That 1Kgs.8:52
iron: of furnace the of midst the from Egypt, of out forth broughtest thou which inheritance, thine and people, thy be they For 1Kgs.8:51
them: on compassion have may they that captive, them carried who them before compassion them give and thee, against transgressed have they wherein transgressions their all and thee, against sinned have that people thy forgive And 1Kgs.8:50
cause, their maintain and place, dwelling thy heaven in supplication their and prayer their thou hear Then 1Kgs.8:49
name: thy for built have I which house the and chosen, hast thou which city the fathers, their unto gavest thou which land, their toward thee unto pray and captive, away them led which enemies, their of land the in soul, their all with and heart, their all with thee unto return so And 1Kgs.8:48
wickedness; committed have we perversely, done have and sinned, have We saying, captives, them carried that them of land the in thee unto supplication make and repent, and captives, carried were they whither land the in themselves bethink shall they if Yet 1Kgs.8:47
near; or far enemy, the of land the unto captives away them carry they that so enemy, the to them deliver and them, with angry be thou and not,) sinneth that man no is there (for thee, against sin they If 1Kgs.8:46
cause. their maintain and supplication, their and prayer their heaven in thou hear Then 1Kgs.8:45
name: thy for built have I that house the toward and chosen, hast thou which city the toward Lord the unto pray shall and them, send shalt thou whithersoever enemy, their against battle to out go people thy If 1Kgs.8:44
name. thy by called is builded, have I which house, this that know may they that and Israel; people thy do as thee, fear to name, thy know may earth the of people all that for: thee to calleth stranger the that all to according do and place, dwelling thy heaven in thou Hear 1Kgs.8:43
house; this toward pray and come shall he when arm;) out stretched thy of and hand, strong thy of and name, great thy of hear shall they (For 1Kgs.8:42
sake; name's thy for country far a of out cometh but Israel, people thy of not is that stranger, a concerning Moreover 1Kgs.8:41
fathers. our unto gavest thou which land the in live they that days the all thee fear may they That 1Kgs.8:40
men;) of children the all of hearts the knowest only, thou even thou, (for knowest; thou heart whose ways, his to according man every to give and do, and forgive, and place, dwelling thy heaven in thou hear Then 1Kgs.8:39
house: this toward hands his forth spread and heart, own his of plague the man every know shall which Israel, people thy all by or man, any by made be soever supplication and prayer What 1Kgs.8:38
be; there sickness whatsoever plague, whatsoever cities; their of land the in them besiege enemy their if caterpiller; be there if or locust, mildew, blasting, pestilence, be there if famine, land the in be there If 1Kgs.8:37
inheritance. an for people thy to given hast thou which land, thy upon rain give and walk, should they wherein way good the them teach thou that Israel, people thy of and servants, thy of sin the forgive and heaven, in thou hear Then 1Kgs.8:36
them: afflictest thou when sin, their from turn and name, thy confess and place, this toward pray they if thee; against sinned have they because rain, no is there and up, shut is heaven When 1Kgs.8:35
fathers. their unto gavest thou which land the unto again them bring and Israel, people thy of sin the forgive and heaven, in thou hear Then 1Kgs.8:34
house: this in thee unto supplication make and pray, and name, thy confess and thee, to again turn shall and thee, against sinned have they because enemy, the before down smitten be Israel people thy When 1Kgs.8:33
righteousness. his to according him give to righteous, the justifying and head; his upon way his bring to wicked, the condemning servants, thy judge and do, and heaven, in thou hear Then 1Kgs.8:32
house: this in altar thine before come oath the and swear, to him cause to him upon laid be oath an and neighbour, his against trespass man any If 1Kgs.8:31
forgive. hearest, thou when and place: dwelling thy heaven in thou hear and place: this toward pray shall they when Israel, people thy of and servant, thy of supplication the to thou hearken And 1Kgs.8:30
place. this toward make shall servant thy which prayer the unto hearken mayest thou that there: be shall name My said, hast thou which of place the toward even day, and night house this toward open be may eyes thine That 1Kgs.8:29
day: to thee before prayeth servant thy which prayer, the to and cry the unto hearken to God, my Lord O supplication, his to and servant, thy of prayer the unto respect thou have Yet 1Kgs.8:28
builded? have I that house this less much how thee; contain cannot heavens of heaven and heaven the behold, earth? the on dwell indeed God will But 1Kgs.8:27
father. my David servant thy unto spakest thou which verified, be thee, pray I word, thy let Israel, of God O now, And 1Kgs.8:26
me. before walked hast thou as me before walk they that way, their to heed take children thy that so Israel; of throne the on sit to sight my in man a thee fail not shall There saying, him, promisedst thou that father my David servant thy with keep Israel, of God Lord now, Therefore 1Kgs.8:25
day. this is it as hand, thine with it fulfilled hast and mouth, thy with also spakest thou him: promisedst thou that father my David servant thy with kept hast Who 1Kgs.8:24
heart: their all with thee before walk that servants thy with mercy and covenant keepest who beneath, earth on or above, heaven in thee, like God no is there Israel, of God Lord said, he And 1Kgs.8:23
heaven: toward hands his forth spread and Israel, of congregation the all of presence the in Lord the of altar the before stood Solomon And 1Kgs.8:22
Egypt. of land the of out them brought he when fathers, our with made he which , Lord the of covenant the is wherein ark, the for place a there set have I And 1Kgs.8:21
Israel. of God Lord the of name the for house an built have and promised, Lord the as Israel, of throne the on sit and father, my David of room the in up risen am I and spake, he that word his performed hath Lord the And 1Kgs.8:20
name. my unto house the build shall he loins, thy of out forth come shall that son thy but house; the build not shalt thou Nevertheless 1Kgs.8:19
heart. thine in was it that well didst thou name, my unto house an build to heart thine in was it Whereas father, my David unto said Lord the And 1Kgs.8:18
Israel. of God Lord the of name the for house an build to father my David of heart the in was it And 1Kgs.8:17
Israel. people my over be to David chose I but therein; be might name my that house, an build to Israel of tribes the all of out city no chose I Egypt, of out Israel people my forth brought I that day the Since 1Kgs.8:16
saying, it, fulfilled hand his with hath and father, my David unto mouth his with spake which Israel, of God Lord the be Blessed said, he And 1Kgs.8:15
stood;) Israel of congregation the all (and Israel: of congregation the all blessed and about, face his turned king the And 1Kgs.8:14
ever. for in abide to thee for place settled a in, dwell to house an thee built surely have I 1Kgs.8:13
darkness. thick the in dwell would he that said Lord The Solomon, spake Then 1Kgs.8:12
. Lord the of house the filled had Lord the of glory the for cloud: the of because minister to stand not could priests the that So 1Kgs.8:11
, Lord the of house the filled cloud the that place, holy the of out come were priests the when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.8:10
Egypt. of land the of out came they when Israel, of children the with covenant a made Lord the when Horeb, at there put Moses which stone, of tables two the save ark the in nothing was There 1Kgs.8:9
day. this unto are they there and without: seen not were they and oracle, the before place holy the in out seen were staves the of ends the that staves, the out drew they And 1Kgs.8:8
above. thereof staves the and ark the covered cherubims the and ark, the of place the over wings two their forth spread cherubims the For 1Kgs.8:7
cherubims. the of wings the under even place, holy most the to house, the of oracle the into place, his unto Lord the of covenant the of ark the in brought priests the And 1Kgs.8:6
multitude. for numbered nor told be not could that oxen, and sheep sacrificing ark, the before him with were him, unto assembled were that Israel, of congregation the all and Solomon, king And 1Kgs.8:5
up. bring Levites the and priests the did those even tabernacle, the in were that vessels holy the all and congregation, the of tabernacle the and , Lord the of ark the up brought they And 1Kgs.8:4
ark. the up took priests the and came, Israel of elders the all And 1Kgs.8:3
month. seventh the is which Ethanim, month the in feast the at Solomon king unto themselves assembled Israel of men the all And 1Kgs.8:2
Zion. is which David, of city the of out Lord the of covenant the of ark the up bring might they that Jerusalem, in Solomon king unto Israel, of children the of fathers the of chief the tribes, the of heads the all and Israel, of elders the assembled Solomon Then 1Kgs.8:1
. Lord the of house the of treasures the among put he did vessels, the and gold, the and silver, the even dedicated; had father his David which things the in brought Solomon And . Lord the of house the for made Solomon king that work the all ended was So 1Kgs.7:51
temple. the of wit, to house, the of doors the for and place, holy most the house, inner the of doors the for both gold, of hinges the and gold; pure of censers the and spoons, the and basons, the and snuffers, the and bowls, the And 1Kgs.7:50
gold, of tongs the and lamps, the and flowers, the with oracle, the before left, the on five and side, right the on five gold, pure of candlesticks the And 1Kgs.7:49
was, shewbread the whereupon gold, of table the and gold, of altar the : Lord the of house the unto pertained that vessels the all made Solomon And 1Kgs.7:48
out. found brass the of weight the was neither many: exceeding were they because unweighed, vessels the all left Solomon And 1Kgs.7:47
Zarthan. and Succoth between ground clay the in them, cast king the did Jordan of plain the In 1Kgs.7:46
brass. bright of were , Lord the of house the for Solomon king to made Hiram which vessels, these all and basons: the and shovels, the and pots, the And 1Kgs.7:45
sea; the under oxen twelve and sea, one And 1Kgs.7:44
bases; the on lavers ten and bases, ten the And 1Kgs.7:43
pillars; the upon were that chapiters the of bowls two the cover to network, one for pomegranates of rows two even networks, two the for pomegranates hundred four And 1Kgs.7:42
pillars; the of top the upon were which chapiters the of bowls two the cover to networks, two the and pillars; two the of top the on were that chapiters the of bowls two the and pillars, two The 1Kgs.7:41
: Lord the of house the for Solomon king made he that work the all doing of end an made Hiram So basons. the and shovels, the and lavers, the made Hiram And 1Kgs.7:40
south. the against over eastward house the of side right the on sea the set he and house: the of side left the on five and house, the of side right the on bases five put he And 1Kgs.7:39
laver. one bases ten the of one every upon and cubits: four was laver every and baths: forty contained laver one brass: of lavers ten he made Then 1Kgs.7:38
size. one and measure, one casting, one had them of all bases: ten the made he manner this After 1Kgs.7:37
about. round additions and one, every of proportion the to according trees, palm and lions, cherubims, graved he thereof, borders the on and thereof, ledges the of plates the on For 1Kgs.7:36
same. the of were thereof borders the and thereof ledges the base the of top the on and high: cubit a half of compass round a there was base the of top the in And 1Kgs.7:35
itself. base very the of were undersetters the and base: one of corners four the to undersetters four were there And 1Kgs.7:34
molten. all were spokes, their and felloes, their and naves, their and axletrees, their wheel: chariot a of work the like was wheels the of work the And 1Kgs.7:33
cubit. a half and cubit a was wheel a of height the and base: the to joined were wheels the of axletrees the and wheels; four were borders the under And 1Kgs.7:32
round. not foursquare, borders, their with gravings were it of mouth the upon also and half: an and cubit a base, the of work the after round was thereof mouth the but cubit: a was above and chapiter the within it of mouth the And 1Kgs.7:31
addition. every of side the at molten, undersetters were laver the under undersetters: had thereof corners four the and brass: of plates and wheels, brasen four had base every And 1Kgs.7:30
work. thin of made additions certain were oxen and lions the beneath and above: base a was there ledges the upon and cherubims: and oxen, lions, were ledges the between were that borders the on And 1Kgs.7:29
ledges: the between were borders the and borders, had they manner: this on was bases the of work the And 1Kgs.7:28
it. of height the cubits three and thereof, breadth the cubits four and base, one of length the was cubits four brass; of bases ten made he And 1Kgs.7:27
baths. thousand two contained it lilies: of flowers with cup, a of brim the like wrought was thereof brim the and thick, breadth hand an was it And 1Kgs.7:26
inward. were parts hinder their all and them, upon above set was sea the and east: the toward looking three and south, the toward looking three and west, the toward looking three and north, the toward looking three oxen, twelve upon stood It 1Kgs.7:25
cast. was it when rows, two in cast were knops the about: round sea the compassing cubit, a in ten it, compassing knops were there about round it of brim the under And 1Kgs.7:24
about. round it compass did cubits thirty of line a and cubits: five was height his and about, all round was it other: the to brim one the from cubits ten sea, molten a made he And 1Kgs.7:23
finished. pillars the of work the was so work: lily was pillars the of top the upon And 1Kgs.7:22
Boaz. thereof name the called and pillar, left the up set he and Jachin: thereof name the called and pillar, right the up set he and temple: the of porch the in pillars the up set he And 1Kgs.7:21
chapiter. other the upon about round rows in hundred two were pomegranates the and network: the by was which belly the against over above, also pomegranates had pillars two the upon chapiters the And 1Kgs.7:20
cubits. four porch, the in work lily of were pillars the of top the upon were that chapiters the And 1Kgs.7:19
chapiter. other the for he did so and pomegranates: with top, the upon were that chapiters the cover to network, one the upon about round rows two and pillars, the made he And 1Kgs.7:18
chapiter. other the for seven and chapiter, one the for seven pillars; the of top the upon were which chapiters the for work, chain of wreaths and work, checker of nets And 1Kgs.7:17
cubits: five was chapiter other the of height the and cubits, five was chapiter one the of height the pillars: the of tops the upon set to brass, molten of chapiters two made he And 1Kgs.7:16
about. them of either compass did cubits twelve of line a and apiece: high cubits eighteen of brass, of pillars two cast he For 1Kgs.7:15
work. his all wrought and Solomon, king to came he And brass. in works all work to cunning and understanding, and wisdom, with filled was he and brass: in worker a Tyre, of man a was father his and Naphtali, of tribe the of son widow's a was He 1Kgs.7:14
Tyre. of out Hiram fetched and sent Solomon king And 1Kgs.7:13
house. the of porch the for and , Lord the of house the of court inner the for both beams, cedar of row a and stones, hewed of rows three with was about round court great the And 1Kgs.7:12
cedars. and stones, hewed of measures the after stones, costly were above And 1Kgs.7:11
cubits. eight of stones and cubits, ten of stones stones, great even stones, costly of was foundation the And 1Kgs.7:10
court. great the toward outside the on so and coping, the unto foundation the from even without, and within saws, with sawed stones, hewed of measures the to according stones, costly of were these All 1Kgs.7:9
porch. this unto like wife, to taken had he whom daughter, Pharaoh's for house an also made Solomon work. like the of was which porch, the within court another had dwelt he where house his And 1Kgs.7:8
other. the to floor the of side one from cedar with covered was it and judgment: of porch the even judge, might he where throne the for porch a made he Then 1Kgs.7:7
them. before were beam thick the and pillars other the and them: before was porch the and cubits: thirty thereof breadth the and cubits, fifty was thereof length the pillars; of porch a made he And 1Kgs.7:6
ranks. three in light against was light and windows: the with square, were posts and doors the all And 1Kgs.7:5
ranks. three in light against was light and rows, three in windows were there And 1Kgs.7:4
row. a in fifteen pillars, five forty on lay that beams, the upon above cedar with covered was it And 1Kgs.7:3
pillars. the upon beams cedar with pillars, cedar of rows four upon cubits, thirty thereof height the and cubits, fifty thereof breadth the and cubits, hundred an was thereof length the Lebanon; of forest the of house the also built He 1Kgs.7:2
house. his all finished he and years, thirteen house own his building was Solomon But 1Kgs.7:1
it. building in years seven he was So it. of fashion the all to according and thereof, parts the all throughout finished house the was month, eighth the is which Bul, month the in year, eleventh the in And 1Kgs.6:38
Zif: month the in laid, Lord the of house the of foundation the was year fourth the In 1Kgs.6:37
beams. cedar of row a and stone, hewed of rows three with court inner the built he And 1Kgs.6:36
work. carved the upon fitted gold with them covered and flowers: open and trees palm and cherubims thereon carved he And 1Kgs.6:35
folding. were door other the of leaves two the and folding, were door one the of leaves two the tree: fir of were doors two the And 1Kgs.6:34
wall. the of part fourth a tree, olive of posts temple the of door the for he made also So 1Kgs.6:33
trees. palm the upon and cherubims, the upon gold spread and gold, with them overlaid and flowers, open and trees palm and cherubims of carvings them upon carved he and tree; olive of were also doors two The 1Kgs.6:32
wall. the of part fifth a were posts side and lintel the tree: olive of doors made he oracle the of entering the for And 1Kgs.6:31
without. and within gold, with overlaid he house the of floors the And 1Kgs.6:30
without. and within flowers, open and trees palm and cherubims of figures carved with about round house the of walls the all carved he And 1Kgs.6:29
gold. with cherubims the overlaid he And 1Kgs.6:28
house. the of midst the in another one touched wings their and wall; other the touched cherub other the of wing the and wall, one the touched one the of wing the that so cherubims, the of wings the forth stretched they and house: inner the within cherubims the set he And 1Kgs.6:27
cherub. other the of it was so and cubits, ten was cherub one the of height The 1Kgs.6:26
size. one and measure one of were cherubims the both cubits: ten was cherub other the And 1Kgs.6:25
cubits. ten were other the of part uttermost the unto wing one the of part uttermost the from cherub: the of wing other the cubits five and cherub, the of wing one the was cubits five And 1Kgs.6:24
high. cubits ten each tree, olive of cherubims two made he oracle the within And 1Kgs.6:23
gold. with overlaid he oracle the by was that altar whole the also house: the all finished had he until gold, with overlaid he house whole the And 1Kgs.6:22
gold. with it overlaid he and oracle; the before gold of chains the by partition a made he and gold: pure with within house the overlaid Solomon So 1Kgs.6:21
cedar. of was which altar the covered so and gold; pure with it overlaid he and thereof: height the in cubits twenty and breadth, in cubits twenty and length, in cubits twenty was forepart the in oracle the And 1Kgs.6:20
. Lord the of covenant the of ark the there set to within, house the in prepared he oracle the And 1Kgs.6:19
seen. stone no was there cedar; was all flowers: open and knops with carved was within house the of cedar the And 1Kgs.6:18
long. cubits forty was it, before temple the is, that house, the And 1Kgs.6:17
place. holy most the for even oracle, the for even within, it for them built even he cedar: of boards with walls the and floor the both house, the of sides the on cubits twenty built he And 1Kgs.6:16
fir. of planks with house the of floor the covered and wood, with inside the on them covered he and ceiling: the of walls the and house, the of floor the both cedar, of boards with within house the of walls the built he And 1Kgs.6:15
it. finished and house, the built Solomon So 1Kgs.6:14
Israel. people my forsake not will and Israel, of children the among dwell will I And 1Kgs.6:13
father: thy David unto spake I which thee, with word my perform I will then them; in walk to commandments my all keep and judgments, my execute and statutes, my in walk wilt thou if building, in art thou which house this Concerning 1Kgs.6:12
saying, Solomon, to came Lord the of word the And 1Kgs.6:11
cedar. of timber with house the on rested they and high: cubits five house, the all against chambers built he then And 1Kgs.6:10
cedar. of boards and beams with house the covered and it; finished and house, the built he So 1Kgs.6:9
third. the into middle the of out and chamber, middle the into stairs winding with up went they and house: the of side right the in was chamber middle the for door The 1Kgs.6:8
building. in was it while house, the in heard iron of tool any nor axe nor hammer neither was there that so thither: brought was it before ready made stone of built was building, in was it when house, the And 1Kgs.6:7
house. the of walls the in fastened be not should beams the that about, round rests narrowed made he house the of wall the in without for broad: cubits seven was third the and broad, cubits six was middle the and broad, cubits five was chamber nethermost The 1Kgs.6:6
about: round chambers made he and oracle: the of and temple the of both about, round house the of walls the against about, round chambers built he house the of wall the against And 1Kgs.6:5
lights. narrow of windows made he house the for And 1Kgs.6:4
house. the before thereof breadth the was cubits ten and house; the of breadth the to according thereof, length the was cubits twenty house, the of temple the before porch the And 1Kgs.6:3
cubits. thirty thereof height the and cubits, twenty thereof breadth the and cubits, threescore was thereof length the , Lord the for built Solomon king which house the And 1Kgs.6:2
. Lord the of house the build to began he that month, second the is which Zif, month the in Israel, over reign Solomon's of year fourth the in Egypt, of land the of out come were Israel of children the after year eightieth and hundred four the in pass to came it And 1Kgs.6:1
house. the build to stones and timber prepared they so stonesquarers: the and them, hew did builders Hiram's and builders Solomon's And 1Kgs.5:18
house. the of foundation the lay to stones, hewed and stones, costly stones, great brought they and commanded, king the And 1Kgs.5:17
work. the in wrought that people the over ruled which hundred, three and thousand three work, the over were which officers Solomon's of chief the Beside 1Kgs.5:16
mountains; the in hewers thousand fourscore and burdens, bare that thousand ten and threescore had Solomon And 1Kgs.5:15
levy. the over was Adoniram and home: at months two and Lebanon, in were they month a courses: by month a thousand ten Lebanon, to them sent he And 1Kgs.5:14
men. thousand thirty was levy the and Israel; all of out levy a raised Solomon king And 1Kgs.5:13
together. league a made two they and Solomon; and Hiram between peace was there and him: promised he as wisdom, Solomon gave Lord the And 1Kgs.5:12
year. by year Hiram to Solomon gave thus oil: pure of measures twenty and household, his to food for wheat of measures thousand twenty Hiram gave Solomon And 1Kgs.5:11
desire. his all to according trees fir and trees cedar Solomon gave Hiram So 1Kgs.5:10
household. my for food giving in desire, my accomplish shalt thou and them: receive shalt thou and there, discharged be to them cause will and me, appoint shalt thou that place the unto floats in sea by them convey will I and sea: the unto Lebanon from down them bring shall servants My 1Kgs.5:9
fir. of timber concerning and cedar, of timber concerning desire thy all do will I and for: me to sentest thou which things the considered have I saying, Solomon, to sent Hiram And 1Kgs.5:8
people. great this over son wise a David unto given hath which day, this Lord the be Blessed said, and greatly, rejoiced he that Solomon, of words the heard Hiram when pass, to came it And 1Kgs.5:7
Sidonians. the unto like timber hew to skill can that any us among not is there that knowest thou for appoint: shalt thou that all to according servants thy for hire give I will thee unto and servants: thy with be shall servants my and Lebanon; of out trees cedar me hew they that thou command therefore Now 1Kgs.5:6
name. my unto house an build shall he room, thy in throne thy upon set will I whom son, Thy saying, father, my David unto spake Lord the as God, my Lord the of name the unto house an build to purpose I behold, And, 1Kgs.5:5
occurrent. evil nor adversary neither is there that so side, every on rest me given hath God my Lord the now But 1Kgs.5:4
feet. his of soles the under them put Lord the until side, every on him about were which wars the for God his Lord the of name the unto house an build not could father my David that how knowest Thou 1Kgs.5:3
saying, Hiram, to sent Solomon And 1Kgs.5:2
David. of lover a ever was Hiram for father: his of room the in king him anointed had they that heard had he for Solomon; unto servants his sent Tyre of king Hiram And 1Kgs.5:1
wisdom. his of heard had which earth, the of kings all from Solomon, of wisdom the hear to people all of came there And 1Kgs.4:34
fishes. of and things, creeping of and fowl, of and beasts, of also spake he wall: the of out springeth that hyssop the unto even Lebanon in is that tree cedar the from trees, of spake he And 1Kgs.4:33
five. and thousand a were songs his and proverbs: thousand three spake he And 1Kgs.4:32
about. round nations all in was fame his and Mahol: of sons the Darda, and Chalcol, and Heman, and Ezrahite, the Ethan than men; all than wiser was he For 1Kgs.4:31
Egypt. of wisdom the all and country, east the of children the all of wisdom the excelled wisdom Solomon's And 1Kgs.4:30
shore. sea the on is that sand the as even heart, of largeness and much, exceeding understanding and wisdom Solomon gave God And 1Kgs.4:29
charge. his to according man every were, officers the where place the unto they brought dromedaries and horses the for straw and also Barley 1Kgs.4:28
nothing. lacked they month: his in man every table, Solomon's king unto came that all for and Solomon, king for victual provided officers those And 1Kgs.4:27
horsemen. thousand twelve and chariots, his for horses of stalls thousand forty had Solomon And 1Kgs.4:26
Solomon. of days the all Beersheba, to even Dan from tree, fig his under and vine his under man every safely, dwelt Israel and Judah And 1Kgs.4:25
him. about round sides all on peace had he and river: the side this on kings the all over Azzah, to even Tiphsah from river, the side this on region the all over dominion had he For 1Kgs.4:24
fowl. fatted and fallowdeer, and roebucks, and harts, beside sheep, hundred an and pastures, the of out oxen twenty and oxen, fat Ten 1Kgs.4:23
meal, of measures threescore and flour, fine of measures thirty was day one for provision Solomon's And 1Kgs.4:22
life. his of days the all Solomon served and presents, brought they Egypt: of border the unto and Philistines, the of land the unto river the from kingdoms all over reigned Solomon And 1Kgs.4:21
merry. making and drinking, and eating multitude, in sea the by is which sand the as many, were Israel and Judah 1Kgs.4:20
land. the in was which officer only the was he and Bashan; of king Og of and Amorites, the of king Sihon of country the in Gilead, of country the in was Uri of son the Geber 1Kgs.4:19
Benjamin: in Elah, of son the Shimei 1Kgs.4:18
Issachar: in Paruah, of son the Jehoshaphat 1Kgs.4:17
Aloth: in and Asher in was Hushai of son the Baanah 1Kgs.4:16
wife: to Solomon of daughter the Basmath took also he Naphtali; in was Ahimaaz 1Kgs.4:15
Mahanaim: had Iddo of son the Ahinadab 1Kgs.4:14
bars: brasen and walls with cities great threescore Bashan, in is which Argob, of region the pertained also him to Gilead; in are which Manasseh, of son the Jair of towns the pertained him to Ramothgilead; in Geber, of son The 1Kgs.4:13
Jokneam: beyond is that place the unto even Abelmeholah, to Bethshean from Jezreel, beneath Zartanah by is which Bethshean, all and Megiddo, and Taanach pertained him to Ahilud; of son the Baana 1Kgs.4:12
wife: to Solomon of daughter the Taphath had which Dor; of region the all in Abinadab, of son The 1Kgs.4:11
Hepher: of land the all and Sochoh, pertained him to Aruboth; in Hesed, of son The 1Kgs.4:10
Elonbethhanan: and Bethshemesh, and Shaalbim, in and Makaz, in Dekar, of son The 1Kgs.4:9
Ephraim: mount in Hur, of son The names: their are these And 1Kgs.4:8
provision. made year a in month his man each household: his and king the for victuals provided which Israel, all over officers twelve had Solomon And 1Kgs.4:7
tribute. the over was Abda of son the Adoniram and household: the over was Ahishar And 1Kgs.4:6
friend: king's the and officer, principal was Nathan of son the Zabud and officers: the over was Nathan of son the Azariah And 1Kgs.4:5
priests: the were Abiathar and Zadok and host: the over was Jehoiada of son the Benaiah And 1Kgs.4:4
recorder. the Ahilud, of son the Jehoshaphat scribes; Shisha, of sons the Ahiah, and Elihoreph 1Kgs.4:3
priest, the Zadok of son the Azariah had; he which princes the were these And 1Kgs.4:2
Israel. all over king was Solomon king So 1Kgs.4:1
judgment. do to him, in was God of wisdom the that saw they for king: the feared they and judged; had king the which judgment the of heard Israel all And 1Kgs.3:28
thereof. mother the is she it: slay wise no in and child, living the her Give said, and answered king the Then 1Kgs.3:27
it. divide but thine, nor mine neither be it Let said, other the But it. slay wise no in and child, living the her give lord, my O said, she and son, her upon yearned bowels her for king, the unto was child living the whose woman the spake Then 1Kgs.3:26
other. the to half and one, the to half give and two, in child living the Divide said, king the And 1Kgs.3:25
king. the before sword a brought they And sword. a me Bring said, king the And 1Kgs.3:24
living. the is son my and dead, the is son thy but Nay; saith, other the and dead: the is son thy and liveth, that son my is This saith, one The king, the said Then 1Kgs.3:23
king. the before spake they Thus son. my is living the and son, thy is dead the but No; said, this And son. thy is dead the and son, my is living the but Nay; said, woman other the And 1Kgs.3:22
bear. did I which son, my not was it behold, morning, the in it considered had I when but dead: was it behold, suck, child my give to morning the in rose I when And 1Kgs.3:21
bosom. my in child dead her laid and bosom, her in it laid and slept, handmaid thine while me, beside from son my took and midnight, at arose she And 1Kgs.3:20
it. overlaid she because night; the in died child woman's this And 1Kgs.3:19
house. the in two we save house, the in us with stranger no was there together; were we and also: delivered was woman this that delivered, was I that after day third the pass to came it And 1Kgs.3:18
house. the in her with child a of delivered was I and house; one in dwell woman this and I lord, my O said, woman one the And 1Kgs.3:17
him. before stood and king, the unto harlots, were that women, two there came Then 1Kgs.3:16
servants. his all to feast a made and offerings, peace offered and offerings, burnt up offered and , Lord the of covenant the of ark the before stood and Jerusalem, to came he And dream. a was it behold, and, awoke; Solomon And 1Kgs.3:15
days. thy lengthen will I then walk, did David father thy as commandments, my and statutes my keep to ways, my in walk wilt thou if And 1Kgs.3:14
days. thy all thee unto like kings the among any be not shall there that so honour: and riches, both asked, not hast thou which that thee given also have I And 1Kgs.3:13
thee. unto like arise any shall thee after neither thee, before thee like none was there that so heart; understanding an and wise a thee given have I lo, words: thy to according done have I Behold, 1Kgs.3:12
judgment; discern to understanding thyself for asked hast but enemies; thine of life the asked hast nor thyself, for riches asked hast neither life; long thyself for asked not hast and thing, this asked hast thou Because him, unto said God And 1Kgs.3:11
thing. this asked had Solomon that , Lord the pleased speech the And 1Kgs.3:10
people? a great so thy this judge to able is who for bad: and good between discern may I that people, thy judge to heart understanding an servant thy therefore Give 1Kgs.3:9
multitude. for counted nor numbered be cannot that people, great a chosen, hast thou which people thy of midst the in is servant thy And 1Kgs.3:8
in. come or out go to how not know I child: little a but am I and father: my David of instead king servant thy made hast thou God, my Lord O now, And 1Kgs.3:7
day. this is it as throne, his on sit to son a him given hast thou that kindness, great this him for kept hast thou and thee; with heart of uprightness in and righteousness, in and truth, in thee before walked he as according mercy, great father my David servant thy unto shewed hast Thou said, Solomon And 1Kgs.3:6
thee. give shall I what Ask said, God and night: by dream a in Solomon to appeared Lord the Gibeon In 1Kgs.3:5
altar. that upon offer Solomon did offerings burnt thousand a place: high great the was that for there; sacrifice to Gibeon to went king the And 1Kgs.3:4
places. high in incense burnt and sacrificed he only father: his David of statutes the in walking , Lord the loved Solomon And 1Kgs.3:3
days. those until , Lord the of name the unto built house no was there because places, high in sacrificed people the Only 1Kgs.3:2
about. round Jerusalem of wall the and , Lord the of house the and house, own his building of end an made had he until David, of city the into her brought and daughter, Pharaoh's took and Egypt, of king Pharaoh with affinity made Solomon And 1Kgs.3:1
Solomon. of hand the in established was kingdom the And died. he that him, upon fell and out, went which Jehoiada; of son the Benaiah commanded king the So 1Kgs.2:46
ever. for Lord the before established be shall David of throne the and blessed, be shall Solomon king And 1Kgs.2:45
head; own thine upon wickedness thy return shall Lord the therefore father: my David to didst thou that to, privy is heart thine which wickedness the all knowest Thou Shimei, to moreover said king The 1Kgs.2:44
with? thee charged have I that commandment the and , Lord the of oath the kept not thou hast then Why 1Kgs.2:43
good. is heard have I that word The me, unto saidst thou and die? surely shalt thou that whither, any abroad walkest and out, goest thou day the on certain, a for Know saying, thee, unto protested and , Lord the by swear to thee make not I Did him, unto said and Shimei, for called and sent king the And 1Kgs.2:42
again. come was and Gath, to Jerusalem from gone had Shimei that Solomon told was it And 1Kgs.2:41
Gath. from servants his brought and went, Shimei and servants: his seek to Achish to Gath to went and ass, his saddled and arose, Shimei And 1Kgs.2:40
Gath. in be servants thy Behold, saying, Shimei, told they And Gath. of king Maachah of son Achish unto away ran Shimei of servants the of two that years, three of end the at pass to came it And 1Kgs.2:39
days. many Jerusalem in dwelt Shimei And do. servant thy will so said, hath king the lord my as good: is saying The king, the unto said Shimei And 1Kgs.2:38
head. own thine upon be shall blood thy die: surely shalt thou that certain for know shalt thou Kidron, brook the over passest and out, goest thou day the on that be, shall it For 1Kgs.2:37
whither. any thence forth not go and there, dwell and Jerusalem, in house an thee Build him, unto said and Shimei, for called and sent king the And 1Kgs.2:36
Abiathar. of room the in put king the did priest the Zadok and host: the over room his in Jehoiada of son the Benaiah put king the And 1Kgs.2:35
wilderness. the in house own his in buried was he and him: slew and him, upon fell and up, went Jehoiada of son the Benaiah So 1Kgs.2:34
. Lord the from ever for peace be there shall throne, his upon and house, his upon and seed, his upon and David, upon but ever: for seed his of head the upon and Joab, of head the upon return therefore shall blood Their 1Kgs.2:33
Judah. of host the of captain Jether, of son the Amasa and Israel, of host the of captain Ner, of son the Abner wit, to thereof, knowing not David father my sword, the with them slew and he, than better and righteous more men two upon fell who head, own his upon blood his return shall Lord the And 1Kgs.2:32
father. my of house the from and me, from shed, Joab which blood, innocent the away take mayest thou that him; bury and him, upon fall and said, hath he as Do him, unto said king the And 1Kgs.2:31
me. answered he thus and Joab, said Thus saying, again, word king the brought Benaiah And here. die will I but Nay; said, he And forth. Come king, the saith Thus him, unto said and , Lord the of tabernacle the to came Benaiah And 1Kgs.2:30
him. upon fall Go, saying, Jehoiada, of son the Benaiah sent Solomon Then altar. the by is he behold, and, ; Lord the of tabernacle the unto fled was Joab that Solomon king told was it And 1Kgs.2:29
altar. the of horns the on hold caught and , Lord the of tabernacle the unto fled Joab And Absalom. after not turned he though Adonijah, after turned had Joab for Joab: to came tidings Then 1Kgs.2:28
Shiloh. in Eli of house the concerning spake he which , Lord the of word the fulfil might he that ; Lord the unto priest being from Abiathar out thrust Solomon So 1Kgs.2:27
afflicted. was father my wherein all in afflicted been hast thou because and father, my David before God Lord the of ark the barest thou because death, to thee put time this at not will I but death: of worthy art thou for fields; own thine unto Anathoth, to thee Get king, the said priest the Abiathar unto And 1Kgs.2:26
died. he that him upon fell he and Jehoiada; of son the Benaiah of hand the by sent Solomon king And 1Kgs.2:25
day. this death to put be shall Adonijah promised, he as house, an me made hath who and father, my David of throne the on me set and me, established hath which liveth, Lord the as therefore, Now 1Kgs.2:24
life. own his against word this spoken not have Adonijah if also, more and me, to so do God saying, , Lord the by sware Solomon king Then 1Kgs.2:23
Zeruiah. of son the Joab for and priest, the Abiathar for and him, for even brother; elder mine is he for also; kingdom the him for ask Adonijah? for Shunammite the Abishag ask thou dost why And mother, his unto said and answered Solomon king And 1Kgs.2:22
wife. to brother thy Adonijah to given be Shunammite the Abishag Let said, she And 1Kgs.2:21
nay. thee say not will I for mother: my on, Ask her, unto said king the And nay. not me say thee, pray I thee; of petition small one desire I said, she Then 1Kgs.2:20
hand. right his on sat she and mother; king's the for set be to seat a caused and throne, his on down sat and her, unto himself bowed and her, meet to up rose king the And Adonijah. for him unto speak to Solomon, king unto went therefore Bathsheba 1Kgs.2:19
king. the unto thee for speak will I Well; said, Bathsheba And 1Kgs.2:18
wife. to Shunammite the Abishag me give he that nay,) thee say not will he (for king, the Solomon unto thee, pray I Speak, said, he And 1Kgs.2:17
on. Say him, unto said she And not. me deny thee, of petition one ask I now And 1Kgs.2:16
. Lord the from his was it for brother's: my become is and about, turned is kingdom the howbeit reign: should I that me, on faces their set Israel all that and mine, was kingdom the that knowest Thou said, he And 1Kgs.2:15
on. Say said, she And thee. unto say to somewhat have I moreover, said He 1Kgs.2:14
Peaceably. said, he And peaceably? thou Comest said, she And Solomon. of mother the Bathsheba to came Haggith of son the Adonijah And 1Kgs.2:13
greatly. established was kingdom his and father; his David of throne the upon Solomon sat Then 1Kgs.2:12
Jerusalem. in he reigned years three and thirty and Hebron, in he reigned years seven years: forty were Israel over reigned David that days the And 1Kgs.2:11
David. of city the in buried was and fathers, his with slept David So 1Kgs.2:10
blood. with grave the to down thou bring head hoar his but him; unto do to oughtest thou what knowest and man, wise a art thou for guiltless: not him hold therefore Now 1Kgs.2:9
sword. the with death to thee put not will I saying, , Lord the by him to sware I and Jordan, at me meet to down came he but Mahanaim: to went I when day the in curse grievous a with me cursed which Bahurim, of Benjamite a Gera, of son the Shimei thee with hast thou behold, And, 1Kgs.2:8
brother. thy Absalom of because fled I when me to came they so for table: thy at eat that those of be them let and Gileadite, the Barzillai of sons the unto kindness shew But 1Kgs.2:7
peace. in grave the to down go head hoar his not let and wisdom, thy to according therefore Do 1Kgs.2:6
feet. his on were that shoes his in and loins, his about was that girdle his upon war of blood the put and peace, in war of blood the shed and slew, he whom Jether, of son the Amasa unto and Ner, of son the Abner unto Israel, of hosts the of captains two the to did he what and me, to did Zeruiah of son the Joab what also knowest thou Moreover 1Kgs.2:5
Israel. of throne the on man a he) (said thee fail not shall there soul, their all with and heart their all with truth in me before walk to way, their to heed take children thy If saying, me, concerning spake he which word his continue may Lord the That 1Kgs.2:4
thyself: turnest thou whithersoever and doest, thou that all in prosper mayest thou that Moses, of law the in written is it as testimonies, his and judgments, his and commandments, his and statutes, his keep to ways, his in walk to God, thy Lord the of charge the keep And 1Kgs.2:3
man; a thyself shew and therefore, strong thou be earth: the all of way the go I 1Kgs.2:2
saying, son, his Solomon charged he and die; should he that nigh drew David of days the Now 1Kgs.2:1
house. thine to Go him, unto said Solomon and Solomon: king to himself bowed and came he And altar. the from down him brought they and sent, Solomon king So 1Kgs.1:53
die. shall he him, in found be shall wickedness if but earth: the to fall him of hair an not shall there man, worthy a himself shew will he If said, Solomon And 1Kgs.1:52
sword. the with servant his slay not will he that today me unto swear Solomon king Let saying, altar, the of horns the on hold caught hath he lo, for, Solomon: king feareth Adonijah Behold, saying, Solomon, told was it And 1Kgs.1:51
altar. the of horns the on hold caught and went, and arose, and Solomon, of because feared Adonijah And 1Kgs.1:50
way. his man every went and up, rose and afraid, were Adonijah with were that guests the all And 1Kgs.1:49
it. seeing even eyes mine day, this throne my on sit to one given hath which Israel, of God Lord the be Blessed king, the said thus also And 1Kgs.1:48
bed. the upon himself bowed king the And throne. thy than greater throne his make and name, thy than better Solomon of name the make God saying, David, king lord our bless to came servants king's the moreover And 1Kgs.1:47
kingdom. the of throne the on sitteth Solomon also And 1Kgs.1:46
heard. have ye that noise the is This again. rang city the that so rejoicing, thence from up come are they and Gihon: in king him anointed have prophet the Nathan and priest the Zadok And 1Kgs.1:45
mule: king's the upon ride to him caused have they and Pelethites, the and Cherethites, the and Jehoiada, of son the Benaiah and prophet, the Nathan and priest, the Zadok him with sent hath king the And 1Kgs.1:44
king. Solomon made hath David king lord our Verily Adonijah, to said and answered Jonathan And 1Kgs.1:43
tidings. good bringest and man, valiant a art thou for in; Come him, unto said Adonijah and came; priest the Abiathar of son the Jonathan behold, spake, yet he while And 1Kgs.1:42
uproar? an in being city the of noise this is Wherefore said, he trumpet, the of sound the heard Joab when And eating. of end an made had they as it heard him with were that guests the all and Adonijah And 1Kgs.1:41
them. of sound the with rent earth the that so joy, great with rejoiced and pipes, with piped people the and him, after up came people the all And 1Kgs.1:40
Solomon. king save God said, people the all and trumpet; the blew they And Solomon. anointed and tabernacle, the of out oil of horn an took priest the Zadok And 1Kgs.1:39
Gihon. to him brought and mule, David's king upon ride to Solomon caused and down, went Pelethites, the and Cherethites, the and Jehoiada, of son the Benaiah and prophet, the Nathan and priest, the Zadok So 1Kgs.1:38
David. king lord my of throne the than greater throne his make and Solomon, with he be so even king, the lord my with been hath Lord the As 1Kgs.1:37
too. so say king the lord my of God Lord the Amen: said, and king, the answered Jehoiada of son the Benaiah And 1Kgs.1:36
Judah. over and Israel over ruler be to him appointed have I and stead: my in king be shall he for throne; my upon sit and come may he that him, after up come shall ye Then 1Kgs.1:35
Solomon. king save God say, and trumpet, the with ye blow and Israel: over king there him anoint prophet the Nathan and priest the Zadok let And 1Kgs.1:34
Gihon: to down him bring and mule, own mine upon ride to son my Solomon cause and lord, your of servants the you with Take them, unto said also king The 1Kgs.1:33
king. the before came they And Jehoiada. of son the Benaiah and prophet, the Nathan and priest, the Zadok me Call said, David king And 1Kgs.1:32
ever. for live David king lord my Let said, and king, the to reverence did and earth, the to face her with bowed Bathsheba Then 1Kgs.1:31
day. this do certainly I will so even stead; my in throne my upon sit shall he and me, after reign shall son thy Solomon Assuredly saying, Israel, of God Lord the by thee unto sware I as Even 1Kgs.1:30
distress, all of out soul my redeemed hath that liveth, Lord the As said, and sware, king the And 1Kgs.1:29
king. the before stood and presence, king's the into came she And Bathsheba. me Call said, and answered David king Then 1Kgs.1:28
him? after king the lord my of throne the on sit should who servant, thy unto it shewed not hast thou and king, the lord my by done thing this Is 1Kgs.1:27
called. not he hath Solomon, servant thy and Jehoiada, of son the Benaiah and priest, the Zadok and servant, thy me even me, But 1Kgs.1:26
Adonijah. king save God say, and him, before drink and eat they behold, and, priest; the Abiathar and host, the of captains the and sons, king's the all called hath and abundance, in sheep and cattle fat and oxen slain hath and day, this down gone is he For 1Kgs.1:25
throne? my upon sit shall he and me, after reign shall Adonijah said, thou hast king, O lord, My said, Nathan And 1Kgs.1:24
ground. the to face his with king the before himself bowed he king, the before in come was he when And prophet. the Nathan Behold saying, king, the told they And 1Kgs.1:23
in. came also prophet the Nathan king, the with talked yet she while lo, And, 1Kgs.1:22
offenders. counted be shall Solomon son my and I that fathers, his with sleep shall king the lord my when pass, to come shall it Otherwise 1Kgs.1:21
him. after king the lord my of throne the on sit shall who them tell shouldest thou that thee, upon are Israel all of eyes the king, O lord, my thou, And 1Kgs.1:20
called. not he hath servant thy Solomon but host: the of captain the Joab and priest, the Abiathar and king, the of sons the all called hath and abundance, in sheep and cattle fat and oxen slain hath he And 1Kgs.1:19
not: it knowest thou king, the lord my now, and reigneth; Adonijah behold, now, And 1Kgs.1:18
throne. my upon sit shall he and me, after reign shall son thy Solomon Assuredly saying, handmaid, thine unto God thy Lord the by swarest thou lord, My him, unto said she And 1Kgs.1:17
thou? wouldest What said, king the And king. the unto obeisance did and bowed, Bathsheba And 1Kgs.1:16
king. the unto ministered Shunammite the Abishag and old; very was king the and chamber: the into king the unto in went Bathsheba And 1Kgs.1:15
words. thy confirm and thee, after in come will also I king, the with there talkest yet thou while Behold, 1Kgs.1:14
reign? Adonijah doth then why throne? my upon sit shall he and me, after reign shall son thy Solomon Assuredly saying, handmaid, thine unto swear king, O lord, my thou, not Didst him, unto say and David, king unto in thee get and Go 1Kgs.1:13
Solomon. son thy of life the and life, own thine save mayest thou that counsel, thee give thee, pray I me, let come, therefore Now 1Kgs.1:12
not? it knoweth lord our David and reign, doth Haggith of son the Adonijah that heard not thou Hast saying, Solomon, of mother the Bathsheba unto spake Nathan Wherefore 1Kgs.1:11
not. called he brother, his Solomon and men, mighty the and Benaiah, and prophet, the Nathan But 1Kgs.1:10
servants: king's the Judah of men the all and sons, king's the brethren his all called and Enrogel, by is which Zoheleth, of stone the by cattle fat and oxen and sheep slew Adonijah And 1Kgs.1:9
Adonijah. with not were David, to belonged which men mighty the and Rei, and Shimei, and prophet, the Nathan and Jehoiada, of son the Benaiah and priest, the Zadok But 1Kgs.1:8
him. helped Adonijah following they and priest: the Abiathar with and Zeruiah, of son the Joab with conferred he And 1Kgs.1:7
Absalom. after him bare mother his and man; goodly very a was also he and so? done thou hast Why saying, in time any at him displeased not had father his And 1Kgs.1:6
him. before run to men fifty and horsemen, and chariots him prepared he and king: be will I saying, himself, exalted Haggith of son the Adonijah Then 1Kgs.1:5
not. her knew king the but him: to ministered and king, the cherished and fair, very was damsel the And 1Kgs.1:4
king. the to her brought and Shunammite, a Abishag found and Israel, of coasts the all throughout damsel fair a for sought they So 1Kgs.1:3
heat. get may king the lord my that bosom, thy in lie her let and him, cherish her let and king, the before stand her let and virgin: young a king the lord my for sought be there Let him, unto said servants his Wherefore 1Kgs.1:2
heat. no gat he but clothes, with him covered they and years; in stricken and old was David king Now 1Kgs.1:1
Kings 1
Israel. from stayed was plague the and land, the for intreated was Lord the So offerings. peace and offerings burnt offered and , Lord the unto altar an there built David And 2Sam.24:25
silver. of shekels fifty for oxen the and threshingfloor the bought David So nothing. me cost doth which that of God my Lord the unto offerings burnt offer I will neither price: a at thee of it buy surely will I but Nay; Araunah, unto said king the And 2Sam.24:24
thee. accept God thy Lord The king, the unto said Araunah And king. the unto give king, a as Araunah, did things these All 2Sam.24:23
wood. for oxen the of instruments other and instruments threshing and sacrifice, burnt for oxen be here behold, him: unto good seemeth what up offer and take king the lord my Let David, unto said Araunah And 2Sam.24:22
people. the from stayed be may plague the that , Lord the unto altar an build to thee, of threshingfloor the buy To said, David And servant? his to come king the lord my is Wherefore said, Araunah And 2Sam.24:21
ground. the upon face his on king the before himself bowed and out, went Araunah and him: toward on coming servants his and king the saw and looked, Araunah And 2Sam.24:20
commanded. Lord the as up went Gad, of saying the to according David, And 2Sam.24:19
Jebusite. the Araunah of threshingfloor the in Lord the unto altar an rear up, Go him, unto said and David, to day that came Gad And 2Sam.24:18
house. father's my against and me, against be thee, pray I hand, thine let done? they have what sheep, these but wickedly: done have I and sinned, have I Lo, said, and people, the smote that angel the saw he when Lord the unto spake David And 2Sam.24:17
Jebusite. the Araunah of threshingplace the by was Lord the of angel the And hand. thine now stay enough: is It people, the destroyed that angel the to said and evil, the of him repented Lord the it, destroy to Jerusalem upon hand his out stretched angel the when And 2Sam.24:16
men. thousand seventy Beersheba to even Dan from people the of died there and appointed: time the to even morning the from Israel upon pestilence a sent Lord the So 2Sam.24:15
man. of hand the into fall not me let and great: are mercies his for ; Lord the of hand the into now fall us let strait: great a in am I Gad, unto said David And 2Sam.24:14
me. sent that him to return shall I answer what see and advise, now land? thy in pestilence days' three be there that or thee? pursue they while enemies, thine before months three flee thou wilt or land? thy in thee unto come famine of years seven Shall him, unto said and him, told and David, to came Gad So 2Sam.24:13
thee. unto it do may I that them, of one thee choose things; three thee offer I , Lord the saith Thus David, unto say and Go 2Sam.24:12
saying, seer, David's Gad, prophet the unto came Lord the of word the morning, the in up was David when For 2Sam.24:11
foolishly. very done have I for servant; thy of iniquity the away take , Lord O thee, beseech I now, and done: have I that in greatly sinned have I , Lord the unto said David And people. the numbered had he that after him smote heart David's And 2Sam.24:10
men. thousand hundred five were Judah of men the and sword; the drew that men valiant thousand hundred eight Israel in were there and king: the unto people the of number the of sum the up gave Joab And 2Sam.24:9
days. twenty and months nine of end the at Jerusalem to came they land, the all through gone had they when So 2Sam.24:8
Beersheba. to even Judah, of south the to out went they and Canaanites: the of and Hivites, the of cities the all to and Tyre, of hold strong the to came And 2Sam.24:7
Zidon, to about and Danjaan, to came they and Tahtimhodshi; of land the to and Gilead, to came they Then 2Sam.24:6
Jazer: toward and Gad, of river the of midst the in lieth that city the of side right the on Aroer, in pitched and Jordan, over passed they And 2Sam.24:5
Israel. of people the number to king, the of presence the from out went host the of captains the and Joab And host. the of captains the against and Joab, against prevailed word king's the Notwithstanding 2Sam.24:4
thing? this in delight king the lord my doth why but it: see may king the lord my of eyes the that and hundredfold, an be, they soever many how people, the unto add God thy Lord the Now king, the unto said Joab And 2Sam.24:3
people. the of number the know may I that people, the ye number and Beersheba, to even Dan from Israel, of tribes the all through now Go him, with was which host, the of captain the Joab to said king the For 2Sam.24:2
Judah. and Israel number Go, say, to them against David moved he and Israel, against kindled was Lord the of anger the again And 2Sam.24:1
all. in seven and thirty Hittite: the Uriah 2Sam.23:39
Ithrite, an Gareb Ithrite, an Ira 2Sam.23:38
Zeruiah, of son the Joab to armourbearer Beerothite, the Nahari Ammonite, the Zelek 2Sam.23:37
Gadite, the Bani Zobah, of Nathan of son the Igal 2Sam.23:36
Arbite, the Paarai Carmelite, the Hezrai 2Sam.23:35
Gilonite, the Ahithophel of son the Eliam Maachathite, the of son the Ahasbai, of son the Eliphelet 2Sam.23:34
Hararite, the Sharar of son the Ahiam Hararite, the Shammah 2Sam.23:33
Jonathan, Jashen, of sons the of Shaalbonite, the Eliahba 2Sam.23:32
Barhumite, the Azmaveth Arbathite, the Abialbon 2Sam.23:31
Gaash, of brooks the of Hiddai Pirathonite, the Benaiah 2Sam.23:30
Benjamin, of children the of Gibeah of out Ribai of son the Ittai Netophathite, a Baanah, of son the Heleb 2Sam.23:29
Netophathite, the Maharai Ahohite, the Zalmon 2Sam.23:28
Hushathite, the Mebunnai Anethothite, the Abiezer 2Sam.23:27
Tekoite, the Ikkesh of son the Ira Paltite, the Helez 2Sam.23:26
Harodite, the Elika Harodite, the Shammah 2Sam.23:25
Bethlehem, of Dodo of son the Elhanan thirty; the of one was Joab of brother the Asahel 2Sam.23:24
guard. his over him set David And three. first the to not attained he but thirty, the than honourable more was He 2Sam.23:23
men. mighty three among name the had and Jehoiada, of son the Benaiah did things These 2Sam.23:22
spear. own his with him slew and hand, Egyptian's the of out spear the plucked and staff, a with him to down went he but hand; his in spear a had Egyptian the and man: goodly a Egyptian, an slew he And 2Sam.23:21
snow: of time in pit a of midst the in lion a slew and also down went he Moab: of men lionlike two slew he acts, many done had who Kabzeel, of man, valiant a of son the Jehoiada, of son the Benaiah And 2Sam.23:20
three. first the unto not attained he howbeit captain: their was he therefore three? of honourable most not he Was 2Sam.23:19
three. among name the had and them, slew and hundred, three against spear his up lifted he And three. among chief was Zeruiah, of son the Joab, of brother the Abishai, And 2Sam.23:18
men. mighty three these did things These it. drink not would he therefore lives? their of jeopardy in went that men the of blood the this not is this: do should I that , Lord O me, from far it Be said, he And 2Sam.23:17
. Lord the unto out it poured but thereof, drink not would he nevertheless David: to it brought and it, took and gate, the by was that Bethlehem, of well the of out water drew and Philistines, the of host the through brake men mighty three the And 2Sam.23:16
gate! the by is which Bethlehem, of well the of water the of drink me give would one that Oh said, and longed, David And 2Sam.23:15
Bethlehem. in then was Philistines the of garrison the and hold, an in then was David And 2Sam.23:14
Rephaim. of valley the in pitched Philistines the of troop the and Adullam: of cave the unto time harvest the in David to came and down, went chief thirty the of three And 2Sam.23:13
victory. great a wrought Lord the and Philistines: the slew and it, defended and ground, the of midst the in stood he But 2Sam.23:12
Philistines. the from fled people the and lentiles: of full ground of piece a was where troop, a into together gathered were Philistines the And Hararite. the Agee of son the Shammah was him after And 2Sam.23:11
spoil. to only him after returned people the and day; that victory great a wrought Lord the and sword: the unto clave hand his and weary, was hand his until Philistines the smote and arose, He 2Sam.23:10
away: gone were Israel of men the and battle, to together gathered there were that Philistines the defied they when David, with men mighty three the of one Ahohite, the Dodo of son the Eleazar was him after And 2Sam.23:9
time. one at slew he whom hundred, eight against spear his up lift he Eznite: the Adino was same the captains; the among chief seat, the in sat that Tachmonite The had: David whom men mighty the of names the be These 2Sam.23:8
place. same the in fire with burned utterly be shall they and spear; a of staff the and iron with fenced be must them touch shall that man the But 2Sam.23:7
hands: with taken be cannot they because away, thrust thorns as them of all be shall Belial of sons the But 2Sam.23:6
grow. to not it make he although desire, my all and salvation, my all is this for sure: and things, all in ordered covenant, everlasting an me with made hath he yet God; with so not be house my Although 2Sam.23:5
rain. after shining clear by earth the of out springing grass tender the as clouds; without morning a even riseth, sun the when morning, the of light the as be shall he And 2Sam.23:4
God. of fear the in ruling just, be must men over ruleth that He me, to spake Israel of Rock the said, Israel of God The 2Sam.23:3
tongue. my in was word his and me, by spake Lord the of Spirit The 2Sam.23:2
said, Israel, of psalmist sweet the and Jacob, of God the of anointed the high, on up raised was who man the and said, Jesse of son the David David. of words last the be these Now 2Sam.23:1
evermore. for seed his to and David, unto anointed, his to mercy sheweth and king: his for salvation of tower the is He 2Sam.22:51
name. thy unto praises sing will I and heathen, the among , Lord O thee, unto thanks give will I Therefore 2Sam.22:50
man. violent the from me delivered hast thou me: against up rose that them above high on up me lifted hast also thou enemies: mine from forth me bringeth that And 2Sam.22:49
me. under people the down bringeth that and me, avengeth that God is It 2Sam.22:48
salvation. my of rock the of God the be exalted and rock; my be blessed and liveth; Lord The 2Sam.22:47
places. close their of out afraid be shall they and away, fade shall Strangers 2Sam.22:46
me. unto obedient be shall they hear, they as soon as me: unto themselves submit shall Strangers 2Sam.22:45
me. serve shall not knew I which people a heathen: the of head be to me kept hast thou people, my of strivings the from me delivered hast also Thou 2Sam.22:44
abroad. them spread did and street, the of mire the as them stamp did I earth, the of dust the as small as them beat I did Then 2Sam.22:43
not. them answered he but , Lord the unto even save; to none was there but looked, They 2Sam.22:42
me. hate that them destroy might I that enemies, mine of necks the me given also hast Thou 2Sam.22:41
me. under subdued thou hast me against up rose that them battle: to strength with me girded hast thou For 2Sam.22:40
feet. my under fallen are they yea, arise: not could they that them, wounded and them, consumed have I And 2Sam.22:39
them. consumed had I until again not turned and them; destroyed and enemies, mine pursued have I 2Sam.22:38
slip. not did feet my that so me; under steps my enlarged hast Thou 2Sam.22:37
great. me made hath gentleness thy and salvation: thy of shield the me given also hast Thou 2Sam.22:36
arms. mine by broken is steel of bow a that so war; to hands my teacheth He 2Sam.22:35
places. high my upon me setteth and feet: hinds' like feet my maketh He 2Sam.22:34
perfect. way my maketh he and power: and strength my is God 2Sam.22:33
God? our save rock, a is who and ? Lord the save God, is who For 2Sam.22:32
him. in trust that them all to buckler a is he tried: is Lord the of word the perfect; is way his God, for As 2Sam.22:31
wall. a over leaped I have God my by troop: a through run have I thee by For 2Sam.22:30
darkness. my lighten will Lord the and : Lord O lamp, my art thou For 2Sam.22:29
down. them bring mayest thou that haughty, the upon are eyes thine but save: wilt thou people afflicted the And 2Sam.22:28
unsavoury. thyself shew wilt thou froward the with and pure; thyself shew wilt thou pure the With 2Sam.22:27
upright. thyself shew wilt thou man upright the with and merciful, thyself shew wilt thou merciful the With 2Sam.22:26
sight. eye his in cleanness my to according righteousness; my to according me recompensed hath Lord the Therefore 2Sam.22:25
iniquity. mine from myself kept have and him, before upright also was I 2Sam.22:24
them. from depart not did I statutes, his for as and me: before were judgments his all For 2Sam.22:23
God. my from departed wickedly not have and , Lord the of ways the kept have I For 2Sam.22:22
me. recompensed he hath hands my of cleanness the to according righteousness: my to according me rewarded Lord The 2Sam.22:21
me. in delighted he because me, delivered he place: large a into also forth me brought He 2Sam.22:20
stay. my was Lord the but calamity: my of day the in me prevented They 2Sam.22:19
me. for strong too were they for me: hated that them from and enemy, strong my from me delivered He 2Sam.22:18
waters; many of out me drew he me; took he above, from sent He 2Sam.22:17
nostrils. his of breath the of blast the at , Lord the of rebuking the at discovered, were world the of foundations the appeared, sea the of channels the And 2Sam.22:16
them. discomfited and lightning, them; scattered and arrows, out sent he And 2Sam.22:15
voice. his uttered High most the and heaven, from thundered Lord The 2Sam.22:14
kindled. fire of coals were him before brightness the Through 2Sam.22:13
skies. the of clouds thick and waters, dark him, about round pavilions darkness made he And 2Sam.22:12
wind. the of wings the upon seen was he and fly: did and cherub, a upon rode he And 2Sam.22:11
feet. his under was darkness and down; came and also, heavens the bowed He 2Sam.22:10
it. by kindled were coals devoured: mouth his of out fire and nostrils, his of out smoke a up went There 2Sam.22:9
wroth. was he because shook, and moved heaven of foundations the trembled; and shook earth the Then 2Sam.22:8
ears. his into enter did cry my and temple, his of out voice my hear did he and God: my to cried and , Lord the upon called I distress my In 2Sam.22:7
me; prevented death of snares the about; me compassed hell of sorrows The 2Sam.22:6
afraid; me made men ungodly of floods the me, compassed death of waves the When 2Sam.22:5
enemies. mine from saved be I shall so praised: be to worthy is who , Lord the on call will I 2Sam.22:4
violence. from me savest thou saviour; my refuge, my and tower, high my salvation, my of horn the and shield, my is he trust: I will him in rock; my of God The 2Sam.22:3
deliverer; my and fortress, my and rock, my is Lord The said, he And 2Sam.22:2
Saul: of hand the of out and enemies, his all of hand the of out him delivered had Lord the that day the in song this of words the Lord the unto spake David And 2Sam.22:1
servants. his of hand the by and David, of hand the by fell and Gath, in giant the to born were four These 2Sam.21:22
him. slew David of brother the Shimeah of son the Jonathan Israel, defied he when And 2Sam.21:21
giant. the to born was also he and number; in twenty and four toes, six foot every on and fingers, six hand every on had that stature, great of man a was where Gath, in battle a yet was there And 2Sam.21:20
beam. weaver's a like was spear whose of staff the Gittite, the Goliath of brother the slew Bethlehemite, a Jaareoregim, of son the Elhanan where Philistines, the with Gob in battle a again was there And 2Sam.21:19
giant. the of sons the of was which Saph, slew Hushathite the Sibbechai then Gob: at Philistines the with battle a again was there that this, after pass to came it And 2Sam.21:18
Israel. of light the not quench thou that battle, to us with out more no go shalt Thou saying, him, unto sware David of men the Then him. killed and Philistine, the smote and him, succoured Zeruiah of son the Abishai But 2Sam.21:17
David. slain have to thought sword, new a with girded being he weight, in brass of shekels hundred three weighed spear whose of weight the giant, the of sons the of was which Ishbibenob, And 2Sam.21:16
faint. waxed David and Philistines: the against fought and him, with servants his and down, went David and Israel; with again war yet had Philistines the Moreover 2Sam.21:15
land. the for intreated was God that after And commanded. king the that all performed they and father: his Kish of sepulchre the in Zelah, in Benjamin of country the in they buried son his Jonathan and Saul of bones the And 2Sam.21:14
hanged. were that them of bones the gathered they and son; his Jonathan of bones the and Saul of bones the thence from up brought he And 2Sam.21:13
Gilboa: in Saul slain had Philistines the when them, hanged had Philistines the where Bethshan, of street the from them stolen had which Jabeshgilead, of men the from son his Jonathan of bones the and Saul of bones the took and went David And 2Sam.21:12
done. had Saul, of concubine the Aiah, of daughter the Rizpah what David told was it And 2Sam.21:11
night. by field the of beasts the nor day, by them on rest to air the of birds the neither suffered and heaven, of out them upon dropped water until harvest of beginning the from rock, the upon her for it spread and sackcloth, took Aiah of daughter the Rizpah And 2Sam.21:10
harvest. barley of beginning the in days, first the in harvest, of days the in death to put were and together, seven all fell they and : Lord the before hill the in them hanged they and Gibeonites, the of hands the into them delivered he And 2Sam.21:9
Meholathite: the Barzillai of son the Adriel for up brought she whom Saul, of daughter the Michal of sons five the and Mephibosheth; and Armoni Saul, unto bare she whom Aiah, of daughter the Rizpah of sons two the took king the But 2Sam.21:8
Saul. of son the Jonathan and David between them, between was that oath 's Lord the of because Saul, of son the Jonathan of son the Mephibosheth, spared king the But 2Sam.21:7
them. give will I said, king the And choose. did Lord the whom Saul, of Gibeah in Lord the unto up them hang will we and us, unto delivered be sons his of men seven Let 2Sam.21:6
Israel, of coasts the of any in remaining from destroyed be should we that us against devised that and us, consumed that man The king, the answered they And 2Sam.21:5
you. for do I will that say, shall ye What said, he And Israel. in man any kill thou shalt us for neither house; his of nor Saul, of gold nor silver no have will We him, unto said Gibeonites the And 2Sam.21:4
? Lord the of inheritance the bless may ye that atonement, the make I shall wherewith and you? for do I shall What Gibeonites, the unto said David Wherefore 2Sam.21:3
Judah.) and Israel of children the to zeal his in them slay to sought Saul and them: unto sworn had Israel of children the and Amorites; the of remnant the of but Israel, of children the of not were Gibeonites the (now them; unto said and Gibeonites, the called king the And 2Sam.21:2
Gibeonites. the slew he because house, bloody his for and Saul, for is It answered, Lord the And . Lord the of enquired David and year; after year years, three David of days the in famine a was there Then 2Sam.21:1
David. about ruler chief a was Jairite the also Ira And 2Sam.20:26
priests: the were Abiathar and Zadok and scribe: was Sheva And 2Sam.20:25
recorder: was Ahilud of son the Jehoshaphat and tribute: the over was Adoram And 2Sam.20:24
Pelethites: the over and Cherethites the over was Jehoiada of son the Benaiah and Israel: of host the all over was Joab Now 2Sam.20:23
king. the unto Jerusalem to returned Joab And tent. his to man every city, the from retired they and trumpet, a blew he And Joab. to out it cast and Bichri, of son the Sheba of head the off cut they And wisdom. her in people the all unto went woman the Then 2Sam.20:22
wall. the over thee to thrown be shall head his Behold, Joab, unto said woman the And city. the from depart will I and only, him deliver David: against even king, the against hand his up lifted hath name, by Bichri of son the Sheba Ephraim, mount of man a but so: not is matter The 2Sam.20:21
destroy. or up swallow should I that me, from it be far it, be Far said, and answered Joab And 2Sam.20:20
? Lord the of inheritance the up swallow thou wilt why Israel: in mother a and city a destroy to seekest thou Israel: in faithful and peaceable are that them of one am I 2Sam.20:19
matter. the ended they so and Abel: at counsel ask surely shall They saying, time, old in speak to wont were They saying, spake, she Then 2Sam.20:18
hear. do I answered, he And handmaid. thine of words the Hear him, unto said she Then he. am I answered, he And Joab? thou Art said, woman the her, unto near come was he when And 2Sam.20:17
thee. with speak may I that hither, near Come Joab, unto you, pray I say, hear; Hear, city, the of out woman wise a cried Then 2Sam.20:16
down. it throw to wall, the battered Joab with were that people the all and trench: the in stood it and city, the against bank a up cast they and Bethmaachah, of Abel in him besieged and came they And 2Sam.20:15
him. after also went and together, gathered were they and Berites: the all and Bethmaachah, to and Abel, unto Israel of tribes the all through went he And 2Sam.20:14
Bichri. of son the Sheba after pursue to Joab, after on went people the all highway, the of out removed was he When 2Sam.20:13
still. stood him by came that one every that saw he when him, upon cloth a cast and field, the into highway the of out Amasa removed he still, stood people the all that saw man the when And highway. the of midst the in blood in wallowed Amasa And 2Sam.20:12
Joab. after go him let David, for is that he and Joab, favoureth that He said, and him, by stood men Joab's of one And 2Sam.20:11
Bichri. of son the Sheba after pursued brother his Abishai and Joab So died. he and again; not him struck and ground, the to bowels his out shed and rib, fifth the in therewith him smote he so hand: Joab's in was that sword the to heed no took Amasa But 2Sam.20:10
him. kiss to hand right the with beard the by Amasa took Joab And brother? my health, in thou Art Amasa, to said Joab And 2Sam.20:9
out. fell it forth went he as and thereof; sheath the in loins his upon fastened sword a with girdle a it upon and him, unto girded was on put had he that garment Joab's And them. before went Amasa Gibeon, in is which stone great the at were they When 2Sam.20:8
Bichri. of son the Sheba after pursue to Jerusalem, of out went they and men: mighty the all and Pelethites, the and Cherethites, the and men, Joab's him after out went there And 2Sam.20:7
us. escape and cities, fenced him get he lest him, after pursue and servants, lord's thy thou take Absalom: did than harm more us do Bichri of son the Sheba shall Now Abishai, to said David And 2Sam.20:6
him. appointed had he which time set the than longer tarried he but Judah: of men the assemble to went Amasa So 2Sam.20:5
present. here thou be and days, three within Judah of men the me Assemble Amasa, to king the said Then 2Sam.20:4
widowhood. in living death, their of day the unto up shut were they So them. unto in not went but them, fed and ward, in them put and house, the keep to left had he whom concubines, his women ten the took king the and Jerusalem; at house his to came David And 2Sam.20:3
Jerusalem. to even Jordan from king, their unto clave Judah of men the but Bichri: of son the Sheba followed and David, after from up went Israel of man every So 2Sam.20:2
Israel. O tents, his to man every Jesse: of son the in inheritance we have neither David, in part no have We said, and trumpet, a blew he and Benjamite: a Bichri, of son the Sheba, was name whose Belial, of man a there be to happened there And 2Sam.20:1
Israel. of men the of words the than fiercer were Judah of men the of words the And king? our back bringing in had first be not should advice our that us, despise ye did then why ye: than David in right more also have we and king, the in parts ten have We said, and Judah, of men the answered Israel of men the And 2Sam.19:43
gift? any us given he hath or cost? king's the of all at eaten we have matter? this for angry ye be then wherefore us: to kin of near is king the Because Israel, of men the answered Judah of men the all And 2Sam.19:42
Jordan? over him, with men David's all and household, his and king, the brought have and away, thee stolen Judah of men the brethren our have Why king, the unto said and king, the to came Israel of men the all behold, And, 2Sam.19:41
Israel. of people the half also and king, the conducted Judah of people the all and him: with on went Chimham and Gilgal, to on went king the Then 2Sam.19:40
place. own his unto returned he and him; blessed and Barzillai, kissed king the over, come was king the when And Jordan. over went people the all And 2Sam.19:39
thee. for do I will that me, of require shalt thou whatsoever and thee: unto good seem shall which that him to do will I and me, with over go shall Chimham answered, king the And 2Sam.19:38
thee. unto good seem shall what him to do and king; the lord my with over go him let Chimham; servant thy behold But mother. my of and father my of grave the by buried be and city, own mine in die may I that again, back turn thee, pray I servant, thy Let 2Sam.19:37
reward? a such with me it recompense king the should why and king: the with Jordan over way little a go will servant Thy 2Sam.19:36
king? the lord my unto burden a yet be servant thy should then wherefore women? singing and men singing of voice the more any hear I can drink? I what or eat I what taste servant thy can evil? and good between discern I can and old: years fourscore day this am I 2Sam.19:35
Jerusalem? unto king the with up go should I that live, to I have long How king, the unto said Barzillai And 2Sam.19:34
Jerusalem. in me with thee feed will I and me, with over thou Come Barzillai, unto said king the And 2Sam.19:33
man. great very a was he for Mahanaim; at lay he while sustenance of king the provided had he and old: years fourscore even man, aged very a was Barzillai Now 2Sam.19:32
Jordan. over him conduct to king, the with Jordan over went and Rogelim, from down came Gileadite the Barzillai And 2Sam.19:31
house. own his unto peace in again come is king the lord my as forasmuch all, take him let Yea, king, the unto said Mephibosheth And 2Sam.19:30
land. the divide Ziba and Thou said, have I matters? thy of more any thou speakest Why him, unto said king the And 2Sam.19:29
king? the unto more any cry to yet I have therefore right What table. own thine at eat did that them among servant thy set thou didst yet king: the lord my before men dead but were house father's my of all For 2Sam.19:28
eyes. thine in good is what therefore do God: of angel an as is king the lord my but king; the lord my unto servant thy slandered hath he And 2Sam.19:27
lame. is servant thy because king; the to go and thereon, ride may I that ass, an me saddle will I said, servant thy for me: deceived servant my king, O lord, My answered, he And 2Sam.19:26
Mephibosheth? me, with thou not wentest Wherefore him, unto said king the that king, the meet to Jerusalem to come was he when pass, to came it And 2Sam.19:25
peace. in again came he day the until departed king the day the from clothes, his washed nor beard, his trimmed nor feet, his dressed neither had and king, the meet to down came Saul of son the Mephibosheth And 2Sam.19:24
him. unto sware king the And die. not shalt Thou Shimei, unto said king the Therefore 2Sam.19:23
Israel? over king day this am I that know I not do for Israel? in day this death to put be man any there shall me? unto adversaries be day this should ye that Zeruiah, of sons ye you, with do to I have What said, David And 2Sam.19:22
anointed? 's Lord the cursed he because this, for death to put be Shimei not Shall said, and answered Zeruiah of son the Abishai But 2Sam.19:21
king. the lord my meet to down go to Joseph of house the all of day this first the come am I behold, therefore, sinned: have I that know doth servant thy For 2Sam.19:20
heart. his to it take should king the that Jerusalem, of out went king the lord my that day the perversely did servant thy which that remember thou do neither me, unto iniquity impute lord my not Let king, the unto said And 2Sam.19:19
Jordan; over come was he as king, the before down fell Gera of son the Shimei And good. thought he what do to and household, king's the over carry to boat ferry a over went there And 2Sam.19:18
king. the before Jordan over went they and him; with servants twenty his and sons fifteen his and Saul, of house the of servant the Ziba and him, with Benjamin of men thousand a were there And 2Sam.19:17
David. king meet to Judah of men the with down came and hasted Bahurim, of was which Benjamite, a Gera, of son the Shimei And 2Sam.19:16
Jordan. over king the conduct to king, the meet to go to Gilgal, to came Judah And Jordan. to came and returned, king the So 2Sam.19:15
servants. thy all and thou, Return king, the unto word this sent they that so man; one of heart the as even Judah, of men the all of heart the bowed he And 2Sam.19:14
Joab. of room the in continually me before host the of captain not be thou if also, more and me, to so do God flesh? my of and bone, my of not thou Art Amasa, to ye say And 2Sam.19:13
king? the back bring to last the ye are then wherefore flesh: my and bones my are ye brethren, my are Ye 2Sam.19:12
house. his to even king, the to come is Israel all of speech the seeing house? his to back king the bring to last the ye are Why saying, Judah, of elders the unto Speak saying, priests, the Abiathar to and Zadok to sent David king And 2Sam.19:11
back? king the bringing of word a not ye speak why therefore Now battle. in dead is us, over anointed we whom Absalom, And 2Sam.19:10
Absalom. for land the of out fled is he now and Philistines; the of hand the of out us delivered he and enemies, our of hand the of out us saved king The saying, Israel, of tribes the all throughout strife at were people the all And 2Sam.19:9
tent. his to man every fled had Israel for king: the before came people the all And gate. the in sit doth king the Behold, saying, people, the all unto told they And gate. the in sat and arose, king the Then 2Sam.19:8
now. until youth thy from thee befell that evil the all than thee unto worse be will that and night: this thee with one tarry not will there forth, not go thou if , Lord the by swear I for servants: thy unto comfortably speak and forth, go arise, therefore Now 2Sam.19:7
well. thee pleased had it then day, this died had we all and lived, had Absalom if that perceive, I day this for servants: nor princes neither regardest thou that day, this declared hast thou For friends. thy hatest and enemies, thine lovest thou that In 2Sam.19:6
concubines; thy of lives the and wives, thy of lives the and daughters, thy of and sons thy of lives the and life, thy saved have day this which servants, thy all of faces the day this shamed hast Thou said, and king, the to house the into came Joab And 2Sam.19:5
son! my son, my Absalom, O Absalom, son my O voice, loud a with cried king the and face, his covered king the But 2Sam.19:4
battle. in flee they when away steal ashamed being people as city, the into day that stealth by them gat people the And 2Sam.19:3
son. his for grieved was king the how day that say heard people the for people: the all unto mourning into turned was day that victory the And 2Sam.19:2
Absalom. for mourneth and weepeth king the Behold, Joab, told was it And 2Sam.19:1
son! my son, my Absalom, O thee, for died had I God would Absalom! son my son, my Absalom, son my O said, he thus went, he as and wept: and gate, the over chamber the to up went and moved, much was king the And 2Sam.18:33
is. man young that as be hurt, thee do to thee against rise that all and king, the lord my of enemies The answered, Cushi And safe? Absalom man young the Is Cushi, unto said king the And 2Sam.18:32
thee. against up rose that them all of day this thee avenged hath Lord the for king: the lord my Tidings, said, Cushi and came; Cushi behold, And, 2Sam.18:31
still. stood and aside, turned he And here. stand and aside, Turn him, unto said king the And 2Sam.18:30
was. it what not knew I but tumult, great a saw I servant, thy me and servant, king's the sent Joab When answered, Ahimaaz And safe? Absalom man young the Is said, king the And 2Sam.18:29
king. the lord my against hand their up lifted that men the up delivered hath which God, thy Lord the be Blessed said, and king, the before face his upon earth the to down fell he And well. is All king, the unto said and called, Ahimaaz And 2Sam.18:28
tidings. good with cometh and man, good a is He said, king the And Zadok. of son the Ahimaaz of running the like is foremost the of running the thinketh Me said, watchman the And 2Sam.18:27
tidings. bringeth also He said, king the And alone. running man another Behold said, and porter, the unto called watchman the and running: man another saw watchman the And 2Sam.18:26
near. drew and apace, came he And mouth. his in tidings is there alone, be he If said, king the And king. the told and cried, watchman the And 2Sam.18:25
alone. running man a behold and looked, and eyes, his up lifted and wall, the unto gate the over roof the to up went watchman the and gates: two the between sat David And 2Sam.18:24
Cushi. overran and plain, the of way the by ran Ahimaaz Then Run. him, unto said he And run. me let he, said howsoever, But 2Sam.18:23
ready? tidings no hast thou that seeing son, my run, thou wilt Wherefore said, Joab And Cushi. after run also thee, pray I me, let howsoever, But Joab, to again yet Zadok of son the Ahimaaz said Then 2Sam.18:22
ran. and Joab, unto himself bowed Cushi And seen. hast thou what king the tell Go Cushi, to Joab said Then 2Sam.18:21
dead. is son king's the because tidings, no bear shalt thou day this but day: another tidings bear shalt thou but day, this tidings bear not shalt Thou him, unto said Joab And 2Sam.18:20
enemies. his of him avenged hath Lord the that how tidings, king the bear and run, now me Let Zadok, of son the Ahimaaz said Then 2Sam.18:19
place. Absalom's day, this unto called is it and name: own his after pillar the called he and remembrance: in name my keep to son no have I said, he for dale: king's the in is which pillar, a himself for up reared and taken had lifetime his in Absalom Now 2Sam.18:18
tent. his to one every fled Israel all and him: upon stones of heap great very a laid and wood, the in pit great a into him cast and Absalom, took they And 2Sam.18:17
people. the back held Joab for Israel: after pursuing from returned people the and trumpet, the blew Joab And 2Sam.18:16
him. slew and Absalom, smote and about compassed armour Joab's bare that men young ten And 2Sam.18:15
oak. the of midst the in alive yet was he while Absalom, of heart the through them thrust and hand, his in darts three took he And thee. with thus tarry not may I Joab, said Then 2Sam.18:14
me. against thyself set have wouldest thyself thou and king, the from hid matter no is there for life: own mine against falsehood wrought have should I Otherwise 2Sam.18:13
Absalom. man young the touch none that Beware saying, Ittai, and Abishai and thee charged king the hearing our in for son: king's the against hand mine forth put not I would yet hand, mine in silver of shekels thousand a receive should I Though Joab, unto said man the And 2Sam.18:12
girdle. a and silver, of shekels ten thee given have would I and ground? the to there him smite not thou didst why and him, sawest thou behold, And, him, told that man the unto said Joab And 2Sam.18:11
oak. an in hanged Absalom saw I Behold, said, and Joab, told and it, saw man certain a And 2Sam.18:10
away. went him under was that mule the and earth; the and heaven the between up taken was he and oak, the of hold caught head his and oak, great a of boughs thick the under went mule the and mule, a upon rode Absalom And David. of servants the met Absalom And 2Sam.18:9
devoured. sword the than day that people more devoured wood the and country: the all of face the over scattered there was battle the For 2Sam.18:8
men. thousand twenty of day that slaughter great a there was there and David, of servants the before slain were Israel of people the Where 2Sam.18:7
Ephraim; of wood the in was battle the and Israel: against field the into out went people the So 2Sam.18:6
Absalom. concerning charge captains the all gave king the when heard people the all And Absalom. with even man, young the with sake my for gently Deal saying, Ittai, and Abishai and Joab commanded king the And 2Sam.18:5
thousands. by and hundreds by out came people the all and side, gate the by stood king the And do. will I best you seemeth What them, unto said king the And 2Sam.18:4
city. the of out us succour thou that better is it now therefore us: of thousand ten worth art thou now but us: for care they will die, us of half if neither us; for care not will they away, flee we if for forth: go not shalt Thou answered, people the But 2Sam.18:3
also. myself you with forth go surely will I people, the unto said king the And Gittite. the Ittai of hand the under part third a and brother, Joab's Zeruiah, of son the Abishai of hand the under part third a and Joab, of hand the under people the of part third a forth sent David And 2Sam.18:2
them. over hundreds of captains and thousands, of captains set and him, with were that people the numbered David And 2Sam.18:1
wilderness. the in thirsty, and weary, and hungry, is people The said, they for eat: to him, with were that people the for and David, for kine, of cheese and sheep, and butter, and honey, And 2Sam.17:29
pulse, parched and lentiles, and beans, and corn, parched and flour, and barley, and wheat, and vessels, earthen and basons, and beds, Brought 2Sam.17:28
Rogelim, of Gileadite the Barzillai and Lodebar, of Ammiel of son the Machir and Ammon, of children the of Rabbah of Nahash of son the Shobi that Mahanaim, to come was David when pass, to came it And 2Sam.17:27
Gilead. of land the in pitched Absalom and Israel So 2Sam.17:26
mother. Joab's Zeruiah to sister Nahash, of daughter the Abigail to in went that Israelite, an Ithra was name whose son, man's a was Amasa which Joab: of instead host the of captain Amasa made Absalom And 2Sam.17:25
him. with Israel of men the all and he Jordan, over passed Absalom And Mahanaim. to came David Then 2Sam.17:24
father. his of sepulchre the in buried was and died, and himself, hanged and order, in household his put and city, his to house, his to home him gat and arose, and ass, his saddled he followed, not was counsel his that saw Ahithophel when And 2Sam.17:23
Jordan. over gone not was that them of one not lacked there light morning the by Jordan: over passed they and him, with were that people the all and arose, David Then 2Sam.17:22
you. against counselled Ahithophel hath thus for water: the over quickly pass and Arise, David, unto said and David, king told and went and well, the of out up came they that departed, were they after pass, to came it And 2Sam.17:21
Jerusalem. to returned they them, find not could and sought had they when And water. of brook the over gone be They them, unto said woman the And Jonathan? and Ahimaaz is Where said, they house, the to woman the to came servants Absalom's when And 2Sam.17:20
known. not was thing the and thereon; corn ground spread and mouth, well's the over covering a spread and took woman the And 2Sam.17:19
down. went they whither court; his in well a had which Bahurim, in house man's a to came and quickly, away them of both went they but Absalom: told and them, saw lad a Nevertheless 2Sam.17:18
David. king told and went they and them; told and went wench a and city: the into come to seen be not might they for Enrogel; by stayed Ahimaaz and Jonathan Now 2Sam.17:17
him. with are that people the all and up, swallowed be king the lest over; pass speedily but wilderness, the of plains the in night this not Lodge saying, David, tell and quickly, send therefore Now 2Sam.17:16
counselled. I have thus and thus and Israel; of elders the and Absalom counsel Ahithophel did thus and Thus priests, the Abiathar to and Zadok unto Hushai said Then 2Sam.17:15
Absalom. upon evil bring might Lord the that intent the to Ahithophel, of counsel good the defeat to appointed had Lord the For Ahithophel. of counsel the than better is Archite the Hushai of counsel The said, Israel of men the all and Absalom And 2Sam.17:14
there. found stone small one not be there until river, the into it draw will we and city, that to ropes bring Israel all shall then city, a into gotten be he if Moreover, 2Sam.17:13
one. as much so left be not shall there him with are that men the all of and him of and ground: the on falleth dew the as him upon light will we and found, be shall he where place some in him upon come we shall So 2Sam.17:12
person. own thine in battle to go thou that and multitude; for sea the by is that sand the as Beersheba, to even Dan from thee, unto gathered generally be Israel all that counsel I Therefore 2Sam.17:11
men. valiant are him with be which they and man, mighty a is father thy that knoweth Israel all for melt: utterly shall lion, a of heart the as is heart whose valiant, is that also he And 2Sam.17:10
Absalom. follow that people the among slaughter a is There say, will it heareth whosoever that first, the at overthrown be them of some when pass, to come will it and place: other some in or pit, some in now hid is he Behold, 2Sam.17:9
people. the with lodge not will and war, of man a is father thy and field: the in whelps her of robbed bear a as minds, their in chafed be they and men, mighty be they that men, his and father thy knowest thou Hushai, said For, 2Sam.17:8
time. this at good not is given hath Ahithophel that counsel The Absalom, unto said Hushai And 2Sam.17:7
thou. speak not; if saying? his after do we shall manner: this after spoken hath Ahithophel saying, him, unto spake Absalom Absalom, to come was Hushai when And 2Sam.17:6
saith. he what likewise hear us let and also, Archite the Hushai now Call Absalom, said Then 2Sam.17:5
Israel. of elders the all and well, Absalom pleased saying the And 2Sam.17:4
peace. in be shall people the all so returned: all if as is seekest thou whom man the thee: unto people the all back bring will I And 2Sam.17:3
only: king the smite will I and flee; shall him with are that people the all and afraid: him make will and handed, weak and weary is he while him upon come will I And 2Sam.17:2
night: this David after pursue and arise will I and men, thousand twelve out choose now me Let Absalom, unto said Ahithophel Moreover 2Sam.17:1
Absalom. with and David with both Ahithophel of counsel the all was so God: of oracle the at enquired had man a if as was days, those in counselled he which Ahithophel, of counsel the And 2Sam.16:23
Israel. all of sight the in concubines father's his unto in went Absalom and house; the of top the upon tent a Absalom spread they So 2Sam.16:22
strong. be thee with are that all of hands the shall then father: thy of abhorred art thou that hear shall Israel all and house; the keep to left hath he which concubines, father's thy unto in Go Absalom, unto said Ahithophel And 2Sam.16:21
do. shall we what you among counsel Give Ahithophel, to Absalom said Then 2Sam.16:20
presence. thy in be I will so presence, father's thy in served have I as son? his of presence the in serve not I should serve? I should whom again, And 2Sam.16:19
abide. I will him with and be, I will his choose, Israel, of men the all and people, this and , Lord the whom but Nay; Absalom, unto said Hushai And 2Sam.16:18
friend? thy with not thou wentest why friend? thy to kindness thy this Is Hushai, to said Absalom And 2Sam.16:17
king. the save God king, the save God Absalom, unto said Hushai that Absalom, unto come was friend, David's Archite, the Hushai when pass, to came it And 2Sam.16:16
him. with Ahithophel and Jerusalem, to came Israel, of men the people the all and Absalom, And 2Sam.16:15
there. themselves refreshed and weary, came him, with were that people the all and king, the And 2Sam.16:14
dust. cast and him, at stones threw and went, he as cursed and him, against over side hill's the on along went Shimei way, the by went men his and David as And 2Sam.16:13
day. this cursing his for good me requite will Lord the that and affliction, mine on look will Lord the that be may It 2Sam.16:12
him. bidden hath Lord the for curse; him let and alone, him let it? do Benjamite this may now more much how life: my seeketh bowels, my of forth came which son, my Behold, servants, his all to and Abishai, to said David And 2Sam.16:11
so? done thou hast Wherefore say, then shall Who David. Curse him, unto said hath Lord the because curse, him let so Zeruiah? of sons ye you, with do to I have What said, king the And 2Sam.16:10
head. his off take and thee, pray I over, go me let king? the lord my curse dog dead this should Why king, the unto Zeruiah of son the Abishai said Then 2Sam.16:9
man. bloody a art thou because mischief, thy in taken art thou behold, and, son: thy Absalom of hand the into kingdom the delivered hath Lord the and reigned; hast thou stead whose in Saul, of house the of blood the all thee upon returned hath Lord The 2Sam.16:8
Belial: of man thou and man, bloody thou out, come out, Come cursed, he when Shimei said thus And 2Sam.16:7
left. his on and hand right his on were men mighty the all and people the all and David: king of servants the all at and David, at stones cast he And 2Sam.16:6
came. he as still cursed and forth, came he Gera: of son the Shimei, was name whose Saul, of house the of family the of man a out came thence behold, Bahurim, to came David king when And 2Sam.16:5
king. O lord, my sight, thy in grace find may I that thee beseech humbly I said, Ziba And Mephibosheth. unto pertained that all are thine Behold, Ziba, to king the said Then 2Sam.16:4
father. my of kingdom the me restore Israel of house the shall day To said, he for Jerusalem: at abideth he Behold, king, the unto said Ziba And son? master's thy is where And said, king the And 2Sam.16:3
drink. may wilderness the in faint be as such that wine, the and eat; to men young the for fruit summer and bread the and on; ride to household king's the for be asses The said, Ziba And these? by thou meanest What Ziba, unto said king the And 2Sam.16:2
wine. of bottle a and fruits, summer of hundred an and raisins, of bunches hundred an and bread, of loaves hundred two them upon and saddled, asses of couple a with him, met Mephibosheth of servant the Ziba behold, hill, the of top the past little a was David when And 2Sam.16:1
Jerusalem. into came Absalom and city, the into came friend David's Hushai So 2Sam.15:37
hear. can ye that thing every me unto send shall ye them by and son; Abiathar's Jonathan and son, Zadok's Ahimaaz sons, two their them with there have they Behold, 2Sam.15:36
priests. the Abiathar and Zadok to it tell shalt thou house, king's the of out hear shalt thou soever thing what that be, shall it therefore priests? the Abiathar and Zadok thee with there not thou hast And 2Sam.15:35
Ahithophel. of counsel the defeat me for thou mayest then servant: thy be also now I will so hitherto, servant father's thy been have I as king; O servant, thy be will I Absalom, unto say and city, the to return thou if But 2Sam.15:34
me: unto burden a be shalt thou then me, with on passest thou If said, David whom Unto 2Sam.15:33
head: his upon earth and rent, coat his with him meet to came Archite the Hushai behold, God, worshipped he where mount, the of top the to come was David when that pass, to came it And 2Sam.15:32
foolishness. into Ahithophel of counsel the turn thee, pray I , Lord O said, David And Absalom. with conspirators the among is Ahithophel saying, David, told one And 2Sam.15:31
up. went they as weeping up, went they and head, his man every covered him with was that people the all and barefoot: went he and covered, head his had and up, went he as wept and Olivet, mount of ascent the by up went David And 2Sam.15:30
there. tarried they and Jerusalem: to again God of ark the carried Abiathar and therefore Zadok 2Sam.15:29
me. certify to you from word come there until wilderness, the of plain the in tarry will I See, 2Sam.15:28
Abiathar. of son the Jonathan and son, thy Ahimaaz you, with sons two your and peace, in city the into return seer? a thou not Art priest, the Zadok unto also said king The 2Sam.15:27
him. unto good seemeth as me to do him let I, am here behold, thee; in delight no have I say, thus he if But 2Sam.15:26
habitation: his and it, both me shew and again, me bring will he , Lord the of eyes the in favour find shall I if city: the into God of ark the back Carry Zadok, unto said king the And 2Sam.15:25
city. the of out passing done had people the all until up, went Abiathar and God; of ark the down set they and God: of covenant the of ark the bearing him, with were Levites the all and also, Zadok lo And 2Sam.15:24
wilderness. the of way the toward over, passed people the all and Kidron, brook the over passed himself also king the over: passed people the all and voice, loud a with wept country the all And 2Sam.15:23
him. with were that ones little the all and men, his all and over, passed Gittite the Ittai And over. pass and Go Ittai, to said David And 2Sam.15:22
be. servant thy will also there even life, or death in whether be, shall king the lord my place what in surely liveth, king the lord my as and liveth, Lord the As said, and king, the answered Ittai And 2Sam.15:21
thee. with be truth and mercy brethren: thy back take and thou, return may, I whither go I seeing us? with down and up go thee make day this I should yesterday, but camest thou Whereas 2Sam.15:20
exile. an also and stranger, a art thou for king: the with abide and place, thy to return us? with also thou goest Wherefore Gittite, the Ittai to king the said Then 2Sam.15:19
king. the before on passed Gath, from him after came which men hundred six Gittites, the all and Pelethites, the all and Cherethites, the all and him; beside on passed servants his all And 2Sam.15:18
off. far was that place a in tarried and him, after people the all and forth, went king the And 2Sam.15:17
house. the keep to concubines, were which women, ten left king the And him. after household his all and forth, went king the And 2Sam.15:16
appoint. shall king the lord my whatsoever do to ready are servants thy Behold, king, the unto said servants king's the And 2Sam.15:15
sword. the of edge the with city the smite and us, upon evil bring and suddenly, us overtake he lest depart, to speed make Absalom: from escape else not shall we for flee; us let and Arise, Jerusalem, at him with were that servants his all unto said David And 2Sam.15:14
Absalom. after are Israel of men the of hearts The saying, David, to messenger a came there And 2Sam.15:13
Absalom. with continually increased people the for strong; was conspiracy the And sacrifices. offered he while Giloh, from even city, his from counsellor, David's Gilonite, the Ahithophel for sent Absalom And 2Sam.15:12
thing. any not knew they and simplicity, their in went they and called; were that Jerusalem, of out men hundred two went Absalom with And 2Sam.15:11
Hebron. in reigneth Absalom say, shall ye then trumpet, the of sound the hear ye as soon As saying, Israel, of tribes the all throughout spies sent Absalom But 2Sam.15:10
Hebron. to went and arose, he So peace. in Go him, unto said king the And 2Sam.15:9
. Lord the serve will I then Jerusalem, to indeed again me bring shall Lord the If saying, Syria, in Geshur at abode I while vow a vowed servant thy For 2Sam.15:8
Hebron. in , Lord the unto vowed have I which vow, my pay and go me let thee, pray I king, the unto said Absalom that years, forty after pass to came it And 2Sam.15:7
Israel. of men the of hearts the stole Absalom so judgment: for king the to came that Israel all to Absalom did manner this on And 2Sam.15:6
him. kissed and him, took and hand, his forth put he obeisance, him do to him to nigh came man any when that so, was it And 2Sam.15:5
justice! him do would I and me, unto come might cause or suit any hath which man every that land, the in judge made were I that Oh moreover, said Absalom 2Sam.15:4
thee. hear to king the of deputed man no is there but right; and good are matters thy See, him, unto said Absalom And 2Sam.15:3
Israel. of tribes the of one of is servant Thy said, he And thou? art city what Of said, and him, unto called Absalom then judgment, for king the to came controversy a had that man any when that so, was it and gate: the of way the beside stood and early, up rose Absalom And 2Sam.15:2
him. before run to men fifty and horses, and chariots him prepared Absalom that this, after pass to came it And 2Sam.15:1
Absalom. kissed king the and king: the before ground the to face his on himself bowed and king, the to came he Absalom, for called had he when and him: told and king, the to came Joab So 2Sam.14:33
me. kill him let me, in iniquity any be there if and face; king's the see me let therefore now still: there been have to me for good been had it Geshur? from come I am Wherefore say, to king, the to thee send may I that hither, Come saying, thee, unto sent I Behold, Joab, answered Absalom And 2Sam.14:32
fire? on field my set servants thy have Wherefore him, unto said and house, his unto Absalom to came and arose, Joab Then 2Sam.14:31
fire. on field the set servants Absalom's And fire. on it set and go there; barley hath he and mine, near is field Joab's See, servants, his unto said he Therefore 2Sam.14:30
come. not would he time, second the again sent he when and him: to come not would he but king; the to him sent have to Joab, for sent Absalom Therefore 2Sam.14:29
face. king's the not saw and Jerusalem, in years full two dwelt Absalom So 2Sam.14:28
countenance. fair a of woman a was she Tamar: was name whose daughter, one and sons, three born were there Absalom unto And 2Sam.14:27
weight. king's the after shekels hundred two at head his of hair the weighed he it:) polled he therefore him, on heavy was hair the because it: polled he that end year's every at was it (for head, his polled he when And 2Sam.14:26
him. in blemish no was there head his of crown the to even foot his of sole the from beauty: his for Absalom as praised much so be to none was there Israel all in But 2Sam.14:25
face. king's the not saw and house, own his to returned Absalom So face. my see not him let and house, own his to turn him Let said, king the And 2Sam.14:24
Jerusalem. to Absalom brought and Geshur, to went and arose Joab So 2Sam.14:23
servant. his of request the fulfilled hath king the that in king, O lord, my sight, thy in grace found have I that knoweth servant thy day To said, Joab and king: the thanked and himself, bowed and face, his on ground the to fell Joab And 2Sam.14:22
again. Absalom man young the bring therefore, go thing: this done have I now, Behold Joab, unto said king the And 2Sam.14:21
earth. the in are that things all know to God, of angel an of wisdom the to according wise, is lord my and thing: this done Joab servant thy hath speech of form this about fetch To 2Sam.14:20
handmaid: thine of mouth the in words these all put he and me, bade he Joab, servant thy for spoken: hath king the lord my that ought from left the to or hand right the to turn can none king, the lord my liveth, soul thy As said, and answered woman the And this? all in thee with Joab of hand the not Is said, king the And 2Sam.14:19
speak. now king the lord my Let said, woman the And thee. ask shall I that thing the thee, pray I me, from not Hide woman, the unto said and answered king the Then 2Sam.14:18
thee. with be will God thy Lord the therefore bad: and good discern to king the lord my is so God, of angel an as for comfortable: be now shall king the lord my of word The said, handmaid thine Then 2Sam.14:17
God. of inheritance the of out together son my and me destroy would that man the of hand the of out handmaid his deliver to hear, will king the For 2Sam.14:16
handmaid. his of request the perform will king the that be may it king; the unto speak now will I said, handmaid thy and afraid: me made have people the because is it king, the lord my unto thing this of speak to come am I that therefore Now 2Sam.14:15
him. from expelled not be banished his that means, devise he doth yet person: any respect God doth neither again; up gathered be cannot which ground, the on spilt water as are and die, needs must we For 2Sam.14:14
banished. his again home fetch not doth king the that in faulty, is which one as thing this speak doth king the for God? of people the against thing a such thought thou hast then Wherefore said, woman the And 2Sam.14:13
on. Say said, he And king. the lord my unto word one speak thee, pray I handmaid, thine Let said, woman the Then 2Sam.14:12
earth. the to fall son thy of hair one not shall there liveth, Lord the As said, he And son. my destroy they lest more, any destroy to blood of revengers the suffer not wouldest thou that God, thy Lord the remember king the let thee, pray I she, said Then 2Sam.14:11
more. any thee touch not shall he and me, to him bring thee, unto ought saith Whoever said, king the And 2Sam.14:10
guiltless. be throne his and king the and house: father's my on and me, on be iniquity the king, O lord, My king, the unto said Tekoah of woman the And 2Sam.14:9
thee. concerning charge give will I and house, thine to Go woman, the unto said king the And 2Sam.14:8
earth. the upon remainder nor name neither husband my to leave not shall and left, is which coal my quench shall they so and also: heir the destroy will we and slew; he whom brother his of life the for him, kill may we that brother, his smote that him Deliver said, they and handmaid, thine against risen is family whole the behold, And, 2Sam.14:7
him. slew and other, the smote one the but them, part to none was there and field, the in together strove two they and sons, two had handmaid thy And 2Sam.14:6
dead. is husband mine and woman, widow a indeed am I answered, she And thee? aileth What her, unto said king the And 2Sam.14:5
king. O Help, said, and obeisance, did and ground, the to face her on fell she king, the to spake Tekoah of woman the when And 2Sam.14:4
mouth. her in words the put Joab So him. unto manner this on speak and king, the to come And 2Sam.14:3
dead: the for mourned time long a had that woman a as be but oil, with thyself not anoint and apparel, mourning now on put and mourner, a be to thyself feign thee, pray I her, unto said and woman, wise a thence fetched and Tekoah, to sent Joab And 2Sam.14:2
Absalom. toward was heart king's the that perceived Zeruiah of son the Joab Now 2Sam.14:1
dead. was he seeing Amnon, concerning comforted was he for Absalom: unto forth go to longed David king of soul the And 2Sam.13:39
years. three there was and Geshur, to went and fled, Absalom So 2Sam.13:38
day. every son his for mourned David And Geshur. of king Ammihud, of son the Talmai, to went and fled, Absalom But 2Sam.13:37
sore. very wept servants his all and also king the and wept: and voice their up lifted and came, sons king's the behold, that, speaking, of end an made had he as soon as pass, to came it And 2Sam.13:36
is. it so said, servant thy as come: sons king's the Behold, king, the unto said Jonadab And 2Sam.13:35
him. behind side hill the of way the by people much came there behold, and, looked, and eyes, his up lifted watch the kept that man young the And fled. Absalom But 2Sam.13:34
dead. is only Amnon for dead: are sons king's the all that think to heart, his to thing the take king the lord my not let therefore Now 2Sam.13:33
Tamar. sister his forced he that day the from determined been hath this Absalom of appointment the by for dead: is only Amnon for sons; king's the men young the all slain have they that suppose lord my not Let said, and answered brother, David's Shimeah of son the Jonadab, And 2Sam.13:32
rent. clothes their with by stood servants his all and earth; the on lay and garments, his tare and arose, king the Then 2Sam.13:31
left. them of one not is there and sons, king's the all slain hath Absalom saying, David, to came tidings that way, the in were they while pass, to came it And 2Sam.13:30
fled. and mule, his upon up him gat man every and arose, sons king's the all Then commanded. had Absalom as Amnon unto did Absalom of servants the And 2Sam.13:29
valiant. be and courageous, be you? commanded I not have not: fear him, kill then Amnon; Smite you, unto say I when and wine, with merry is heart Amnon's when now ye Mark saying, servants, his commanded had Absalom Now 2Sam.13:28
him. with go sons king's the all and Amnon let he that him, pressed Absalom But 2Sam.13:27
thee? with go he should Why him, unto said king the And us. with go Amnon brother my let thee, pray I not, If Absalom, said Then 2Sam.13:26
him. blessed but go, not would he howbeit him: pressed he And thee. unto chargeable be we lest go, now all not us let son, my Nay, Absalom, to said king the And 2Sam.13:25
servant. thy with go servants his and thee, beseech I king, the let sheepshearers; hath servant thy now, Behold said, and king, the to came Absalom And 2Sam.13:24
sons. king's the all invited Absalom and Ephraim: beside is which Baalhazor, in sheepshearers had Absalom that years, full two after pass to came it And 2Sam.13:23
Tamar. sister his forced had he because Amnon, hated Absalom for bad: nor good neither Amnon brother his unto spake Absalom And 2Sam.13:22
wroth. very was he things, these all of heard David king when But 2Sam.13:21
house. Absalom's brother her in desolate remained Tamar So thing. this not regard brother; thy is he sister: my peace, thy now hold but thee? with been brother thy Amnon Hath her, unto said brother her Absalom And 2Sam.13:20
crying. on went and head, her on hand her laid and her, on was that colours divers of garment her rent and head, her on ashes put Tamar And 2Sam.13:19
her. after door the bolted and out, her brought servant his Then apparelled. virgins were that daughters king's the were robes such with for her: upon colours divers of garment a had she And 2Sam.13:18
her. after door the bolt and me, from out woman this now Put said, and him, unto ministered that servant his called he Then 2Sam.13:17
her. unto hearken not would he But me. unto didst thou that other the than greater is away me sending in evil this cause: no is There him, unto said she And 2Sam.13:16
gone. be Arise, her, unto said Amnon And her. loved had he wherewith love the than greater was her hated he wherewith hatred the that so exceedingly; her hated Amnon Then 2Sam.13:15
her. with lay and her, forced she, than stronger being but, voice: her unto hearken not would he Howbeit 2Sam.13:14
thee. from me withhold not will he for king; the unto speak thee, pray I therefore, Now Israel. in fools the of one as be shalt thou thee, for as and go? to shame my cause I shall whither I, And 2Sam.13:13
folly. this thou not do Israel: in done be to ought thing such no for me; force not do brother, my Nay, him, answered she And 2Sam.13:12
sister. my me, with lie Come her, unto said and her, of hold took he eat, to him unto them brought had she when And 2Sam.13:11
brother. her Amnon to chamber the into them brought and made, had she which cakes the took Tamar And hand. thine of eat may I that chamber, the into meat the Bring Tamar, unto said Amnon And 2Sam.13:10
him. from man every out went they And me. from men all out Have said, Amnon And eat. to refused he but him; before out them poured and pan, a took she And 2Sam.13:9
cakes. the bake did and sight, his in cakes made and it, kneaded and flour, took she And down. laid was he and house; Amnon's brother her to went Tamar So 2Sam.13:8
meat. him dress and house, Amnon's brother thy to now Go saying, Tamar, to home sent David Then 2Sam.13:7
hand. her at eat may I that sight, my in cakes of couple a me make and come, sister my Tamar let thee, pray I king, the unto said Amnon him, see to come was king the when and sick: himself made and down, lay Amnon So 2Sam.13:6
hand. her at it eat and it, see may I that sight, my in meat the dress and meat, me give and come, Tamar sister my let thee, pray I him, unto say thee, see to cometh father thy when and sick: thyself make and bed, thy on down thee Lay him, unto said Jonadab And 2Sam.13:5
sister. Absalom's brother my Tamar, love I him, unto said Amnon And me? tell not thou wilt day? to day from lean son, king's the being thou, art Why him, unto said he And 2Sam.13:4
man. subtil very a was Jonadab and brother: David's Shimeah of son the Jonadab, was name whose friend, a had Amnon But 2Sam.13:3
her. to anything do to him for hard it thought Amnon and virgin; a was she for Tamar; sister his for sick fell he that vexed, so was Amnon And 2Sam.13:2
her. loved David of son the Amnon and Tamar; was name whose sister, fair a had David of son the Absalom that this, after pass to came it And 2Sam.13:1
Jerusalem. unto returned people the all and David So Ammon. of children the of cities the all unto he did thus and brick-kiln: the through pass them made and iron, of axes under and iron, of harrows under and saws, under them put and therein, were that people the forth brought he And 2Sam.12:31
abundance. great in city the of spoil the forth brought he And head. David's on set was it and stones: precious the with gold of talent a was whereof weight the head, his off from crown king's their took he And 2Sam.12:30
it. took and it, against fought and Rabbah, to went and together, people the all gathered David And 2Sam.12:29
name. my after called be it and city, the take I lest it: take and city, the against encamp and together, people the of rest the gather therefore Now 2Sam.12:28
waters. of city the taken have and Rabbah, against fought have I said, and David, to messengers sent Joab And 2Sam.12:27
city. royal the took and Ammon, of children the of Rabbah against fought Joab And 2Sam.12:26
. Lord the of because Jedidiah, name his called he and prophet; the Nathan of hand the by sent he And 2Sam.12:25
him. loved Lord the and Solomon: name his called he and son, a bare she and her: with lay and her, unto in went and wife, his Bathsheba comforted David And 2Sam.12:24
me. to return not shall he but him, to go shall I again? back him bring I can fast? I should wherefore dead, is he now But 2Sam.12:23
live? may child the that me, to gracious be will God whether tell can Who said, I for wept: and fasted I alive, yet was child the While said, he And 2Sam.12:22
bread. eat and rise didst thou dead, was child the when but alive; was it while child, the for weep and fast didst thou done? hast thou that this is thing What him, unto servants his said Then 2Sam.12:21
eat. did he and him, before bread set they required, he when and house; own his to came he then worshipped: and , Lord the of house the into came and apparel, his changed and himself, anointed and washed, and earth, the from arose David Then 2Sam.12:20
dead. is He said, they And dead? child the Is servants, his unto said David therefore dead: was child the that perceived David whispered, servants his that saw David when But 2Sam.12:19
dead? is child the that him tell we if himself, vex then he will how voice: our unto hearken not would he and him, unto spake we alive, yet was child the while Behold, said, they for dead: was child the that him tell to feared David of servants the And died. child the that day, seventh the on pass to came it And 2Sam.12:18
them. with bread eat he did neither not, would he but earth: the from up him raise to him, to went and arose, house his of elders the And 2Sam.12:17
earth. the upon night all lay and in, went and fasted, David and child; the for God besought therefore David 2Sam.12:16
sick. very was it and David, unto bare wife Uriah's that child the struck Lord the And house. his unto departed Nathan And 2Sam.12:15
die. surely shall thee unto born is that also child the blaspheme, to Lord the of enemies the to occasion great given hast thou deed this by because Howbeit, 2Sam.12:14
die. not shalt thou sin; thy away put hath also Lord The David, unto said Nathan And . Lord the against sinned have I Nathan, unto said David And 2Sam.12:13
sun. the before and Israel, all before thing this do will I but secretly: it didst thou For 2Sam.12:12
sun. this of sight the in wives thy with lie shall he and neighbour, thy unto them give and eyes, thine before wives thy take will I and house, own thine of out thee against evil up raise will I Behold, , Lord the saith Thus 2Sam.12:11
wife. thy be to Hittite the Uriah of wife the taken hast and me, despised hast thou because house; thine from depart never shall sword the therefore Now 2Sam.12:10
Ammon. of children the of sword the with him slain hast and wife, thy be to wife his taken hast and sword, the with Hittite the Uriah killed hast thou sight? his in evil do to , Lord the of commandment the despised thou hast Wherefore 2Sam.12:9
things. such and such thee unto given have moreover would I little, too been had that if and Judah; of and Israel of house the thee gave and bosom, thy into wives master's thy and house, master's thy thee gave I And 2Sam.12:8
Saul; of hand the of out thee delivered I and Israel, over king thee anointed I Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus man. the art Thou David, to said Nathan And 2Sam.12:7
pity. no had he because and thing, this did he because fourfold, lamb the restore shall he And 2Sam.12:6
die: surely shall thing this done hath that man the liveth, Lord the As Nathan, to said he and man; the against kindled greatly was anger David's And 2Sam.12:5
him. to come was that man the for it dressed and lamb, man's poor the took but him; unto come was that man wayfaring the for dress to herd, own his of and flock own his of take to spared he and man, rich the unto traveller a came there And 2Sam.12:4
daughter. a as him unto was and bosom, his in lay and cup, own his of drank and meat, own his of eat did it children; his with and him, with together up grew it and up: nourished and bought had he which lamb, ewe little one save nothing, had man poor the But 2Sam.12:3
herds: and flocks many exceeding had man rich The 2Sam.12:2
poor. other the and rich, one the city; one in men two were There him, unto said and him, unto came he And David. unto Nathan sent Lord the And 2Sam.12:1
. Lord the displeased done had David that thing the But son. a him bare and wife, his became she and house, his to her fetched and sent David past, was mourning the when And 2Sam.11:27
husband. her for mourned she dead, was husband her Uriah that heard Uriah of wife the when And 2Sam.11:26
him. thou encourage and it: overthrow and city, the against strong more battle thy make another: as well as one devoureth sword the for thee, displease thing this not Let Joab, unto say thou shalt Thus messenger, the unto said David Then 2Sam.11:25
also. dead is Hittite the Uriah servant thy and dead, be servants king's the of some and servants; thy upon wall the off from shot shooters the And 2Sam.11:24
gate. the of entering the unto even them upon were we and field, the into us unto out came and us, against prevailed men the Surely David, unto said messenger the And 2Sam.11:23
for. him sent had Joab that all David shewed and came and went, messenger the So 2Sam.11:22
also. dead is Hittite the Uriah servant Thy thou, say then wall? the nigh ye went why Thebez? in died he that wall, the from him upon millstone a of piece a cast woman a not did Jerubbesheth? of son the Abimelech smote Who 2Sam.11:21
wall? the from shoot would they that not ye knew fight? did ye when city the unto nigh so ye approached Wherefore thee, unto say he and arise, wrath king's the that be so if And 2Sam.11:20
king, the unto war the of matters the telling of end an made hast thou When saying, messenger, the charged And 2Sam.11:19
war; the concerning things the all David told and sent Joab Then 2Sam.11:18
also. died Hittite the Uriah and David; of servants the of people the of some fell there and Joab: with fought and out, went city the of men the And 2Sam.11:17
were. men valiant that knew he where place a unto Uriah assigned he that city, the observed Joab when pass, to came it And 2Sam.11:16
die. and smitten, be may he that him, from ye retire and battle, hottest the of forefront the in Uriah ye Set saying, letter, the in wrote he And 2Sam.11:15
Uriah. of hand the by it sent and Joab, to letter a wrote David that morning, the in pass to came it And 2Sam.11:14
house. his to down not went but lord, his of servants the with bed his on lie to out went he even at and drunk: him made he and him; before drink and eat did he him, called had David when And 2Sam.11:13
morrow. the and day, that Jerusalem in abode Uriah So depart. thee let will I morrow to and also, day to here Tarry Uriah, to said David And 2Sam.11:12
thing. this do not will I liveth, soul thy as and livest, thou as wife? my with lie to and drink, to and eat to house, mine into go then I shall fields; open the in encamped are lord, my of servants the and Joab, lord my and tents; in abide Judah, and Israel, and ark, The David, unto said Uriah And 2Sam.11:11
house? thine unto down go not thou didst then why journey? thy from not thou Camest Uriah, unto said David house, his unto down not went Uriah saying, David, told had they when And 2Sam.11:10
house. his to down not went and lord, his of servants the all with house king's the of door the at slept Uriah But 2Sam.11:9
king. the from meat of mess a him followed there and house, king's the of out departed Uriah And feet. thy wash and house, thy to down Go Uriah, to said David And 2Sam.11:8
prospered. war the how and did, people the how and did, Joab how him of demanded David him, unto come was Uriah when And 2Sam.11:7
David. to Uriah sent Joab And Hittite. the Uriah me Send saying, Joab, to sent David And 2Sam.11:6
child. with am I said, and David, told and sent and conceived, woman the And 2Sam.11:5
house. her unto returned she and uncleanness: her from purified was she for her; with lay he and him, unto in came she and her; took and messengers, sent David And 2Sam.11:4
Hittite? the Uriah of wife the Eliam, of daughter the Bathsheba, this not Is said, one And woman. the after enquired and sent David And 2Sam.11:3
upon. look to beautiful very was woman the and herself; washing woman a saw he roof the from and house: king's the of roof the upon walked and bed, his off from arose David that eveningtide, an in pass to came it And 2Sam.11:2
Jerusalem. at still tarried David But Rabbah. besieged and Ammon, of children the destroyed they and Israel; all and him, with servants his and Joab, sent David that battle, to forth go kings when time the at expired, was year the after pass, to came it And 2Sam.11:1
more. any Ammon of children the help to feared Syrians the So them. served and Israel, with peace made they Israel, before smitten were they that saw Hadarezer to servants were that kings the all when And 2Sam.10:19
there. died who host, their of captain the Shobach smote and horsemen, thousand forty and Syrians, the of chariots hundred seven of men the slew David and Israel; before fled Syrians the And 2Sam.10:18
him. with fought and David, against array in themselves set Syrians the And Helam. to came and Jordan, over passed and together, Israel all gathered he David, told was it when And 2Sam.10:17
them. before went Hadarezer of host the of captain the Shobach and Helam; to came they and river: the beyond were that Syrians the out brought and sent, Hadarezer And 2Sam.10:16
together. themselves gathered they Israel, before smitten were they that saw Syrians the when And 2Sam.10:15
Jerusalem. to came and Ammon, of children the from returned Joab So city. the into entered and Abishai, before also they fled then fled, were Syrians the that saw Ammon of children the when And 2Sam.10:14
him. before fled they and Syrians: the against battle the unto him, with were that people the and nigh, drew Joab And 2Sam.10:13
good. him seemeth which that do Lord the and God: our of cities the for and people, our for men the play us let and courage, good of Be 2Sam.10:12
thee. help and come will I then thee, for strong too be Ammon of children the if but me: help shalt thou then me, for strong too be Syrians the If said, he And 2Sam.10:11
Ammon. of children the against array in them put might he that brother, his Abishai of hand the into delivered he people the of rest the And 2Sam.10:10
Syrians: the against array in them put and Israel, of men choice the all of chose he behind, and before him against was battle the of front the that saw Joab When 2Sam.10:9
field. the in themselves by were Maacah, and Ishtob, and Rehob, of and Zoba, of Syrians the and gate: the of in entering the at array in battle the put and out, came Ammon of children the And 2Sam.10:8
men. mighty the of host the all and Joab, sent he it, of heard David when And 2Sam.10:7
men. thousand twelve Ishtob of and men, thousand a Maacah king of and footmen, thousand twenty Zoba, of Syrians the and Bethrehob of Syrians the hired and sent Ammon of children the David, before stank they that saw Ammon of children the when And 2Sam.10:6
return. then and grown, be beards your until Jericho at Tarry said, king the and ashamed: greatly were men the because them, meet to sent he David, unto it told they When 2Sam.10:5
away. them sent and buttocks, their to even middle, the in garments their off cut and beards, their of half one the off shaved and servants, David's took Hanun Wherefore 2Sam.10:4
it? overthrow to and out, it spy to and city, the search to thee, unto servants his sent rather David not hath thee? unto comforters sent hath he that father, thy honour doth David that thou Thinkest lord, their Hanun unto said Ammon of children the of princes the And 2Sam.10:3
Ammon. of children the of land the into came servants David's And father. his for servants his of hand the by him comfort to sent David And me. unto kindness shewed father his as Nahash, of son the Hanun unto kindness shew will I David, said Then 2Sam.10:2
stead. his in reigned son his Hanun and died, Ammon of children the of king the that this, after pass to came it And 2Sam.10:1
feet. his both on lame was and table; king's the at continually eat did he for Jerusalem: in dwelt Mephibosheth So 2Sam.9:13
Mephibosheth. unto servants were Ziba of house the in dwelt that all And Micha. was name whose son, young a had Mephibosheth And 2Sam.9:12
sons. king's the of one as table, my at eat shall he king, the said Mephibosheth, for As do. servant thy shall so servant, his commanded hath king the lord my that all to According king, the unto Ziba said Then 2Sam.9:11
servants. twenty and sons fifteen had Ziba Now table. my at alway bread eat shall son master's thy Mephibosheth but eat: to food have may son master's thy that fruits, the in bring shalt thou and him, for land the till shall servants, thy and sons, thy and therefore, Thou 2Sam.9:10
house. his all to and Saul to pertained that all son master's thy unto given have I him, unto said and servant, Saul's Ziba, to called king the Then 2Sam.9:9
am? I as dog dead a such upon look shouldest thou that servant, thy is What said, and himself, bowed he And 2Sam.9:8
continually. table my at bread eat shalt thou and father; thy Saul of land the all thee restore will and sake, father's thy Jonathan for kindness thee shew surely will I for not: Fear him, unto said David And 2Sam.9:7
servant! thy Behold answered, he And Mephibosheth. said, David And reverence. did and face, his on fell he David, unto come was Saul, of son the Jonathan, of son the Mephibosheth, when Now 2Sam.9:6
Lodebar. from Ammiel, of son the Machir, of house the of out him fetched and sent, David king Then 2Sam.9:5
Lodebar. in Ammiel, of son the Machir, of house the in is he Behold, king, the unto said Ziba And he? is Where him, unto said king the And 2Sam.9:4
feet. his on lame is which son, a yet hath Jonathan king, the unto said Ziba And him? unto God of kindness the shew may I that Saul, of house the of any yet not there Is said, king the And 2Sam.9:3
he. is servant Thy said, he And Ziba? thou Art him, unto said king the David, unto him called had they when And Ziba. was name whose servant a Saul of house the of was there And 2Sam.9:2
sake? Jonathan's for kindness him shew may I that Saul, of house the of left is that any yet there Is said, David And 2Sam.9:1
rulers. chief were sons David's and Pelethites; the and Cherethites the both over was Jehoiada of son the Benaiah And 2Sam.8:18
scribe; the was Seraiah and priests; the were Abiathar, of son the Ahimelech and Ahitub, of son the Zadok And 2Sam.8:17
recorder; was Ahilud of son the Jehoshaphat and host; the over was Zeruiah of son the Joab And 2Sam.8:16
people. his all unto justice and judgment executed David and Israel; all over reigned David And 2Sam.8:15
went. he whithersoever David preserved Lord the And servants. David's became Edom of they all and garrisons, he put Edom all throughout Edom; in garrisons put he And 2Sam.8:14
men. thousand eighteen being salt, of valley the in Syrians the of smiting from returned he when name a him gat David And 2Sam.8:13
Zobah. of king Rehob, of son Hadadezer, of spoil the of and Amalek, of and Philistines, the of and Ammon, of children the of and Moab, of and Syria, Of 2Sam.8:12
subdued; he which nations all of dedicated had he that gold and silver the with , Lord the unto dedicate did David king also Which 2Sam.8:11
brass: of vessels and gold, of vessels and silver, of vessels him with brought Joram And Toi. with wars had Hadadezer for him: smitten and Hadadezer, against fought had he because him, bless to and him, salute to David, king unto son his Joram sent Toi Then 2Sam.8:10
Hadadezer, of host the all smitten had David that heard Hamath of king Toi When 2Sam.8:9
brass. much exceeding took David king Hadadezer, of cities Berothai, from and Betah, from And 2Sam.8:8
Jerusalem. to them brought and Hadadezer, of servants the on were that gold of shields the took David And 2Sam.8:7
went. he whithersoever David preserved Lord the And gifts. brought and David, to servants became Syrians the and Damascus: of Syria in garrisons put David Then 2Sam.8:6
men. thousand twenty and two Syrians the of slew David Zobah, of king Hadadezer succour to came Damascus of Syrians the when And 2Sam.8:5
chariots. hundred an for them of reserved but horses, chariot the all houghed David and footmen: thousand twenty and horsemen, hundred seven and chariots, thousand a him from took David And 2Sam.8:4
Euphrates. river the at border his recover to went he as Zobah, of king Rehob, of son the Hadadezer, also smote David 2Sam.8:3
gifts. brought and servants, David's became Moabites the so And alive. keep to line full one with and death, to put to he measured lines two with even ground; the to down them casting line, a with them measured and Moab, smote he And 2Sam.8:2
Philistines. the of hand the of out Methegammah took David and them: subdued and Philistines, the smote David that pass to came it this after And 2Sam.8:1
ever. for blessed be servant thy of house the let blessing thy with and it: spoken hast , God Lord O thou, for thee: before ever for continue may it that servant, thy of house the bless to thee please it let now Therefore 2Sam.7:29
servant: thy unto goodness this promised hast thou and true, be words thy and God, that art thou , God Lord O now, And 2Sam.7:28
thee. unto prayer this pray to heart his in found servant thy hath therefore house: an thee build will I saying, servant, thy to revealed hast Israel, of God hosts, of Lord O thou, For 2Sam.7:27
thee. before established be David servant thy of house the let and Israel: over God the is hosts of Lord The saying, ever, for magnified be name thy let And 2Sam.7:26
said. hast thou as do and ever, for it establish house, his concerning and servant, thy concerning spoken hast thou that word the God, Lord O now, And 2Sam.7:25
God. their become art , Lord thou, and ever: for thee unto people a be to Israel people thy thyself to confirmed hast thou For 2Sam.7:24
gods? their and nations the from Egypt, from thee to redeemedst thou which people, thy before land, thy for terrible, and things great you for do to and name, a him make to and himself, to people a for redeem to went God whom Israel, like even people, thy like is earth the in nation one what And 2Sam.7:23
ears. our with heard have we that all to according thee, beside God any there is neither thee, like none is there for God: Lord O great, art thou Wherefore 2Sam.7:22
them. know servant thy make to things, great these all done thou hast heart, own thine to according and sake, word's thy For 2Sam.7:21
servant. thy knowest , God Lord thou, for thee? unto more say David can what And 2Sam.7:20
? God Lord O man, of manner the this is And come. to while great a for house servant's thy of also spoken hast thou but ; God Lord O sight, thy in thing small a yet was this And 2Sam.7:19
hitherto? me brought hast thou that house, my is what and ? God Lord O I, am Who said, he and , Lord the before sat and in, David king went Then 2Sam.7:18
David. unto speak Nathan did so vision, this all to according and words, these all to According 2Sam.7:17
ever. for established be shall throne thy thee: before ever for established be shall kingdom thy and house thine And 2Sam.7:16
thee. before away put I whom Saul, from it took I as him, from away depart not shall mercy my But 2Sam.7:15
men: of children the of stripes the with and men, of rod the with him chasten will I iniquity, commit he If son. my be shall he and father, his be will I 2Sam.7:14
ever. for kingdom his of throne the stablish will I and name, my for house an build shall He 2Sam.7:13
kingdom. his establish will I and bowels, thy of out proceed shall which thee, after seed thy up set will I fathers, thy with sleep shalt thou and fulfilled, be days thy when And 2Sam.7:12
house. an thee make will he that thee telleth Lord the Also enemies. thine all from rest to thee caused have and Israel, people my over be to judges commanded I that time the since as And 2Sam.7:11
beforetime, as more, any them afflict wickedness of children the shall neither more; no move and own, their of place a in dwell may they that them, plant will and Israel, people my for place a appoint will I Moreover 2Sam.7:10
earth. the in are that men great the of name the unto like name, great a thee made have and sight, thy of out enemies thine all off cut have and wentest, thou whithersoever thee with was I And 2Sam.7:9
Israel: over people, my over ruler be to sheep, the following from sheepcote, the from thee took I hosts, of Lord the saith Thus David, servant my unto say thou shalt so therefore Now 2Sam.7:8
cedar? of house an me not ye build Why saying, Israel, people my feed to commanded I whom Israel, of tribes the of any with word a I spake Israel of children the all with walked have I wherein places the all In 2Sam.7:7
tabernacle. a in and tent a in walked have but day, this to even Egypt, of out Israel of children the up brought I that time the since house any in dwelt not have I Whereas 2Sam.7:6
in? dwell to me for house an me build thou Shalt , Lord the saith Thus David, servant my tell and Go 2Sam.7:5
saying, Nathan, unto came Lord the of word the that night, that pass to came it And 2Sam.7:4
thee. with is Lord the for heart; thine in is that all do Go, king, the to said Nathan And 2Sam.7:3
curtains. within dwelleth God of ark the but cedar, of house an in dwell I now, See prophet, the Nathan unto said king the That 2Sam.7:2
enemies; his all from about round rest him given had Lord the and house, his in sat king the when pass, to came it And 2Sam.7:1
death. her of day the unto child no had Saul of daughter the Michal Therefore 2Sam.6:23
honour. in had be I shall them of of, spoken hast thou which maidservants the of and sight: own mine in base be will and thus, than vile more be yet will I And 2Sam.6:22
. Lord the before play I will therefore Israel: over , Lord the of people the over ruler me appoint to house, his all before and father, thy before me chose which , Lord the before was It Michal, unto said David And 2Sam.6:21
himself! uncovereth shamelessly fellows vain the of one as servants, his of handmaids the of eyes the in day to himself uncovered who day, to Israel of king the was glorious How said, and David, meet to out came Saul of daughter the Michal And household. his bless to returned David Then 2Sam.6:20
house. his to one every departed people the all So wine. of flagon a and flesh, of piece good a and bread, of cake a one every to men, as women the to well as Israel, of multitude whole the among even people, the all among dealt he And 2Sam.6:19
hosts. of Lord the of name the in people the blessed he offerings, peace and offerings burnt offering of end an made had David as soon as And 2Sam.6:18
. Lord the before offerings peace and offerings burnt offered David and it: for pitched had David that tabernacle the of midst the in place, his in it set and , Lord the of ark the in brought they And 2Sam.6:17
heart. her in him despised she and ; Lord the before dancing and leaping David king saw and window, a through looked daughter Saul's Michal David, of city the into came Lord the of ark the as And 2Sam.6:16
trumpet. the of sound the with and shouting, with Lord the of ark the up brought Israel of house the all and David So 2Sam.6:15
ephod. linen a with girded was David and might; his all with Lord the before danced David And 2Sam.6:14
fatlings. and oxen sacrificed he paces, six gone had Lord the of ark the bare that they when that so, was it And 2Sam.6:13
gladness. with David of city the into Obededom of house the from God of ark the up brought and went David So God. of ark the of because him, unto pertaineth that all and Obededom, of house the blessed hath Lord The saying, David, king told was it And 2Sam.6:12
household. his all and Obededom, blessed Lord the and months: three Gittite the Obededom of house the in continued Lord the of ark the And 2Sam.6:11
Gittite. the Obededom of house the into aside it carried David but David: of city the into him unto Lord the of ark the remove not would David So 2Sam.6:10
me? to come Lord the of ark the shall How said, and day, that Lord the of afraid was David And 2Sam.6:9
day. this to Perezuzzah place the of name the called he and Uzzah: upon breach a made had Lord the because displeased, was David And 2Sam.6:8
God. of ark the by died he there and error; his for there him smote God and Uzzah; against kindled was Lord the of anger the And 2Sam.6:7
it. shook oxen the for it; of hold took and God, of ark the to hand his forth put Uzzah threshingfloor, Nachon's to came they when And 2Sam.6:6
cymbals. on and cornets, on and timbrels, on and psalteries, on and harps, on even wood, fir of made instruments of manner all on Lord the before played Israel of house the all and David And 2Sam.6:5
ark. the before went Ahio and God: of ark the accompanying Gibeah, at was which Abinadab of house the of out it brought they And 2Sam.6:4
cart. new the drave Abinadab, of sons the Ahio, and Uzzah and Gibeah: in was that Abinadab of house the of out it brought and cart, new a upon God of ark the set they And 2Sam.6:3
cherubims. the between dwelleth that hosts of Lord the of name the by called is name whose God, of ark the thence from up bring to Judah, of Baale from him with were that people the all with went and arose, David And 2Sam.6:2
thousand. thirty Israel, of men chosen the all together gathered David Again, 2Sam.6:1
Gazer. to come thou until Geba from Philistines the smote and him; commanded had Lord the as so, did David And 2Sam.5:25
Philistines. the of host the smite to thee, before out go Lord the shall then for thyself: bestir shalt thou then that trees, mulberry the of tops the in going a of sound the hearest thou when be, it let And 2Sam.5:24
trees. mulberry the against over them upon come and them, behind compass a fetch but up; go not shalt Thou said, he , Lord the of enquired David when And 2Sam.5:23
Rephaim. of valley the in themselves spread and again, yet up came Philistines the And 2Sam.5:22
them. burned men his and David and images, their left they there And 2Sam.5:21
Baalperazim. place that of name the called he Therefore waters. of breach the as me, before enemies mine upon forth broken hath Lord The said, and there, them smote David and Baalperazim, to came David And 2Sam.5:20
hand. thine into Philistines the deliver doubtless will I for up: Go David, unto said Lord the And hand? mine into them deliver thou wilt Philistines? the to up go I Shall saying, , Lord the of enquired David And 2Sam.5:19
Rephaim. of valley the in themselves spread and came also Philistines The 2Sam.5:18
hold. the to down went and it, of heard David and David; seek to up came Philistines the all Israel, over king David anointed had they that heard Philistines the when But 2Sam.5:17
Eliphalet. and Eliada, and Elishama, And 2Sam.5:16
Japhia, and Nepheg, and Elishua, and also, Ibhar 2Sam.5:15
Solomon, and Nathan, and Shobab, and Shammuah, Jerusalem; in him unto born were that those of names the be these And 2Sam.5:14
David. to born daughters and sons yet were there and Hebron: from come was he after Jerusalem, of out wives and concubines more him took David And 2Sam.5:13
sake. Israel's people his for kingdom his exalted had he that and Israel, over king him established had Lord the that perceived David And 2Sam.5:12
house. an David built they and masons: and carpenters, and trees, cedar and David, to messengers sent Tyre of king Hiram And 2Sam.5:11
him. with was hosts of God Lord the and great, grew and on, went David And 2Sam.5:10
inward. and Millo from about round built David And David. of city the it called and fort, the in dwelt David So 2Sam.5:9
house. the into come not shall lame the and blind The said, they Wherefore captain. and chief be shall he soul, David's of hated are that blind the and lame the and Jebusites, the smiteth and gutter, the to up getteth Whosoever day, that on said David And 2Sam.5:8
David. of city the is same the Zion: of hold strong the took David Nevertheless 2Sam.5:7
hither. in come cannot David thinking, hither: in come not shalt thou lame, the and blind the away take thou Except saying, David, unto spake which land: the of inhabitants the Jebusites, the unto Jerusalem to went men his and king the And 2Sam.5:6
Judah. and Israel all over years three and thirty reigned he Jerusalem in and months: six and years seven Judah over reigned he Hebron In 2Sam.5:5
years. forty reigned he and reign, to began he when old years thirty was David 2Sam.5:4
Israel. over king David anointed they and : Lord the before Hebron in them with league a made David king and Hebron; to king the to came Israel of elders the all So 2Sam.5:3
Israel. over captain a be shalt thou and Israel, people my feed shalt Thou thee, to said Lord the and Israel: in broughtest and out leddest that he wast thou us, over king was Saul when past, time in Also 2Sam.5:2
flesh. thy and bone thy are we Behold, saying, spake, and Hebron, unto David to Israel of tribes the all came Then 2Sam.5:1
Hebron. in Abner of sepulchre the in it buried and Ishbosheth, of head the took they But Hebron. in pool the over up them hanged and feet, their and hands their off cut and them, slew they and men, young his commanded David And 2Sam.4:12
earth? the from away you take and hand, your of blood his require now therefore not I shall bed? his upon house own his in person righteous a slain have men wicked when more, much How 2Sam.4:11
tidings: his for reward a him given have would I that thought who Ziklag, in him slew and him, of hold took I tidings, good brought have to thinking dead, is Saul Behold, saying, me, told one When 2Sam.4:10
adversity, all of out soul my redeemed hath who liveth, Lord the As them, unto said and Beerothite, the Rimmon of sons the brother, his Baanah and Rechab answered David And 2Sam.4:9
seed. his of and Saul, of day this king the lord my avenged hath Lord the and life; thy sought which enemy, thine Saul of son the Ishbosheth of head the Behold king, the to said and Hebron, to David unto Ishbosheth of head the brought they And 2Sam.4:8
night. all plain the through away them gat and head, his took and him, beheaded and him, slew and him, smote they and bedchamber, his in bed his on lay he house, the into came they when For 2Sam.4:7
escaped. brother his Baanah and Rechab and rib: fifth the under him smote they and wheat; fetched have would they though as house, the of midst the into thither came they And 2Sam.4:6
noon. at bed a on lay who Ishbosheth, of house the to day the of heat the about came and went, Baanah, and Rechab Beerothite, the Rimmon of sons the And 2Sam.4:5
Mephibosheth. was name his And lame. became and fell, he that flee, to haste made she as pass, to came it and fled: and up, him took nurse his and Jezreel, of out Jonathan and Saul of came tidings the when old years five was He feet. his of lame was that son a had son, Saul's Jonathan, And 2Sam.4:4
day.) this until there sojourners were and Gittaim, to fled Beerothites the And 2Sam.4:3
Benjamin. to reckoned was also Beeroth (for Benjamin: of children the of Beerothite, a Rimmon of sons the Rechab, other the of name the and Baanah, was one the of name the bands: of captains were that men two had son Saul's And 2Sam.4:2
troubled. were Israelites the all and feeble, were hands his Hebron, in dead was Abner that heard son Saul's when And 2Sam.4:1
wickedness. his to according evil of doer the reward shall Lord the me: for hard too be Zeruiah of sons the men these and king; anointed though weak, day this am I And 2Sam.3:39
Israel? in day this fallen man great a and prince a is there that not ye Know servants, his unto said king the And 2Sam.3:38
Ner. of son the Abner slay to king the of not was it that day that understood Israel all and people the all For 2Sam.3:37
people. the all pleased did king the whatsoever as them: pleased it and it, of notice took people the all And 2Sam.3:36
down. be sun the till else, ought or bread, taste I if also, more and me, to God do So saying, sware, David day, yet was it while meat eat to David cause to came people the all when And 2Sam.3:35
him. over again wept people the all And thou. fellest so men, wicked before falleth man a as fetters: into put feet thy nor bound, not were hands Thy 2Sam.3:34
dieth? fool a as Abner Died said, and Abner, over lamented king the And 2Sam.3:33
wept. people the all and Abner; of grave the at wept and voice, his up lifted king the and Hebron: in Abner buried they And 2Sam.3:32
bier. the followed himself David king And Abner. before mourn and sackcloth, with you gird and clothes, your Rend him, with were that people the all to and Joab, to said David And 2Sam.3:31
battle. the in Gibeon at Asahel brother their slain had he because Abner, slew brother his Abishai and Joab, So 2Sam.3:30
bread. lacketh that or sword, the on falleth that or staff, a on leaneth that or leper, a is that or issue, an hath that one Joab of house the from fail not there let and house; father's his all on and Joab, of head the on rest it Let 2Sam.3:29
Ner: of son the Abner of blood the from ever for Lord the before guiltless are kingdom my and I said, he it, heard David when afterward And 2Sam.3:28
brother. his Asahel of blood the for died, he that rib, fifth the under there him smote and quietly, him with speak to gate the in aside him took Joab Hebron, to returned was Abner when And 2Sam.3:27
not. it knew David but Sirah: of well the from again him brought which Abner, after messengers sent he David, from out come was Joab when And 2Sam.3:26
doest. thou that all know to and in, coming thy and out going thy know to and thee, deceive to came he that Ner, of son the Abner knowest Thou 2Sam.3:25
gone? quite is he and away, him sent hast thou that it is why thee; unto came Abner behold, done? thou hast What said, and king, the to came Joab Then 2Sam.3:24
peace. in gone is he and away, him sent hath he and king, the to came Ner of son the Abner saying, Joab, told they come, were him with was that host the all and Joab When 2Sam.3:23
peace. in gone was he and away, him sent had he for Hebron; in David with not was Abner but them: with spoil great a in brought and troop, a pursuing from came Joab and David of servants the behold, And, 2Sam.3:22
peace. in went he and away; Abner sent David And desireth. heart thine that all over reign mayest thou that and thee, with league a make may they that king, the lord my unto Israel all gather will and go, and arise will I David, unto said Abner And 2Sam.3:21
feast. a him with were that men the and Abner made David And him. with men twenty and Hebron, to David to came Abner So 2Sam.3:20
Benjamin. of house whole the to good seemed that and Israel, to good seemed that all Hebron in David of ears the in speak to also went Abner and Benjamin: of ears the in spake also Abner And 2Sam.3:19
enemies. their all of hand the of out and Philistines, the of hand the of out Israel people my save will I David servant my of hand the By saying, David, of spoken hath Lord the for it: do then Now 2Sam.3:18
you: over king be to past times in David for sought Ye saying, Israel, of elders the with communication had Abner And 2Sam.3:17
returned. he And return. Go, him, unto Abner said Then Bahurim. to her behind weeping along her with went husband her And 2Sam.3:16
Laish. of son the Phaltiel from even husband, her from her took and sent, Ishbosheth And 2Sam.3:15
Philistines. the of foreskins hundred an for me to espoused I which Michal, wife my me Deliver saying, son, Saul's Ishbosheth to messengers sent David And 2Sam.3:14
face. my see to comest thou when daughter, Saul's Michal bring first thou except face, my see not shalt Thou is, that thee, of require I thing one but thee: with league a make will I Well; said, he And 2Sam.3:13
thee. unto Israel all about bring to thee, with be shall hand my behold, and, me, with league thy Make also, saying land? the is Whose saying, behalf, his on David to messengers sent Abner And 2Sam.3:12
him. feared he because again, word a Abner answer not could he And 2Sam.3:11
Beersheba. to even Dan from Judah, over and Israel over David of throne the up set to and Saul, of house the from kingdom the translate To 2Sam.3:10
him; to do I so even David, to sworn hath Lord the as except, also, more and Abner, to God do So 2Sam.3:9
woman? this concerning fault a with day to me chargest thou that David, of hand the into thee delivered not have and friends, his to and brethren, his to father, thy Saul of house the unto day this kindness shew do Judah against which head, dog's a I Am said, and Ishbosheth, of words the for wroth very Abner was Then 2Sam.3:8
concubine? father's my unto in gone thou hast Wherefore Abner, to said Ishbosheth and Aiah: of daughter the Rizpah, was name whose concubine, a had Saul And 2Sam.3:7
Saul. of house the for strong himself made Abner that David, of house the and Saul of house the between war was there while pass, to came it And 2Sam.3:6
Hebron. in David to born were These wife. David's Eglah by Ithream, sixth, the And 2Sam.3:5
Abital; of son the Shephatiah fifth, the and Haggith; of son the Adonijah fourth, the And 2Sam.3:4
Geshur; of king Talmai of daughter the Maacah of son the Absalom third, the and Carmelite; the Nabal of wife the Abigail of Chileab, second, his And 2Sam.3:3
Jezreelitess; the Ahinoam of Amnon, was firstborn his and Hebron: in born sons were David unto And 2Sam.3:2
weaker. and weaker waxed Saul of house the and stronger, and stronger waxed David but David: of house the and Saul of house the between war long was there Now 2Sam.3:1
day. of break at Hebron to came they and night, all went men his and Joab And Bethlehem. in was which father, his of sepulchre the in him buried and Asahel, up took they And 2Sam.2:32
died. men threescore and hundred three that so men, Abner's of and Benjamin, of smitten had David of servants the But 2Sam.2:31
Asahel. and men nineteen servants David's of lacked there together, people the all gathered had he when and Abner: following from returned Joab And 2Sam.2:30
Mahanaim. to came they and Bithron, all through went and Jordan, over passed and plain, the through night that all walked men his and Abner And 2Sam.2:29
more. any they fought neither more, no Israel after pursued and still, stood people the all and trumpet, a blew Joab So 2Sam.2:28
brother. his following from one every up gone had people the morning the in then surely spoken, hadst thou unless liveth, God As said, Joab And 2Sam.2:27
brethren? their following from return people the bid thou ere then, be it shall long how end? latter the in bitterness be will it that not thou knowest ever? for devour sword the Shall said, and Joab, to called Abner Then 2Sam.2:26
hill. an of top the on stood and troop, one became and Abner, after together themselves gathered Benjamin of children the And 2Sam.2:25
Gibeon. of wilderness the of way the by Giah before lieth that Ammah, of hill the to come were they when down went sun the and Abner: after pursued Abishai and also Joab 2Sam.2:24
still. stood died and down fell Asahel where place the to came as many as that pass, to came it and place: same the in died and there, down fell he and him; behind out came spear the that rib, fifth the under him smote spear the of end hinder the with Abner wherefore aside: turn to refused he Howbeit 2Sam.2:23
brother? thy Joab to face my up hold I should then how ground? the to thee smite I should wherefore me: following from aside thee Turn Asahel, to again said Abner And 2Sam.2:22
him. of following from aside turn not would Asahel But armour. his thee take and men, young the of one on hold thee lay and left, thy to or hand right thy to aside thee Turn him, to said Abner And 2Sam.2:21
am. I answered, he And Asahel? thou Art said, and him, behind looked Abner Then 2Sam.2:20
Abner. following from left the to nor hand right the to not turned he going in and Abner; after pursued Asahel And 2Sam.2:19
roe. wild a as foot of light as was Asahel and Asahel: and Abishai, and Joab, there, Zeruiah of sons three were there And 2Sam.2:18
David. of servants the before Israel, of men the and beaten, was Abner and day; that battle sore very a was there And 2Sam.2:17
Gibeon. in is which Helkathhazzurim, called was place that wherefore together: down fell they so side; fellow's his in sword his thrust and head, the by fellow his one every caught they And 2Sam.2:16
David. of servants the of twelve and Saul, of son the Ishbosheth to pertained which Benjamin, of twelve number by over went and arose there Then 2Sam.2:15
arise. them Let said, Joab And us. before play and arise, now men young the Let Joab, to said Abner And 2Sam.2:14
pool. the of side other the on other the and pool, the of side one the on one the down, sat they and Gibeon: of pool the by together met and out, went David, of servants the and Zeruiah, of son the Joab And 2Sam.2:13
Gibeon. to Mahanaim from out went Saul, of son the Ishbosheth of servants the and Ner, of son the Abner And 2Sam.2:12
months. six and years seven was Judah of house the over Hebron in king was David that time the And 2Sam.2:11
David. followed Judah of house the But years. two reigned and Israel, over reign to began he when old years forty was son Saul's Ishbosheth 2Sam.2:10
Israel. all over and Benjamin, over and Ephraim, over and Jezreel, over and Ashurites, the over and Gilead, over king him made And 2Sam.2:9
Mahanaim; to over him brought and Saul, of son the Ishbosheth took host, Saul's of captain Ner, of son the Abner But 2Sam.2:8
them. over king me anointed have Judah of house the also and dead, is Saul master your for valiant: ye be and strengthened, be hands your let now Therefore 2Sam.2:7
thing. this done have ye because kindness, this you requite will also I and you: unto truth and kindness shew Lord the now And 2Sam.2:6
him. buried have and Saul, unto even lord, your unto kindness this shewed have ye that , Lord the of ye be Blessed them, unto said and Jabeshgilead, of men the unto messengers sent David And 2Sam.2:5
Saul. buried that they were Jabeshgilead of men the That saying, David, told they And Judah. of house the over king David anointed they there and came, Judah of men the And 2Sam.2:4
Hebron. of cities the in dwelt they and household: his with man every up, bring David did him with were that men his And 2Sam.2:3
Carmelite. the wife Nabal's Abigail and Jezreelitess, the Ahinoam also, wives two his and thither, up went David So 2Sam.2:2
Hebron. Unto said, he And up? go I shall Whither said, David And up. Go him, unto said Lord the And Judah? of cities the of any into up go I Shall saying, , Lord the of enquired David that this, after pass to came it And 2Sam.2:1
perished! war of weapons the and fallen, mighty the are How 2Sam.1:27
women. of love the passing wonderful, was me to love thy me: unto been thou hast pleasant very Jonathan: brother my thee, for distressed am I 2Sam.1:26
places. high thine in slain wast thou Jonathan, O battle! the of midst the in fallen mighty the are How 2Sam.1:25
apparel. your upon gold of ornaments on put who delights, other with scarlet, in you clothed who Saul, over weep Israel, of daughters Ye 2Sam.1:24
lions. than stronger were they eagles, than swifter were they divided: not were they death their in and lives, their in pleasant and lovely were Jonathan and Saul 2Sam.1:23
empty. not returned Saul of sword the and back, not turned Jonathan of bow the mighty, the of fat the from slain, the of blood the From 2Sam.1:22
oil. with anointed been not had he though as Saul, of shield the away, cast vilely is mighty the of shield the there for offerings: of fields nor you, upon rain, be there let neither dew, no be there let Gilboa, of mountains Ye 2Sam.1:21
triumph. uncircumcised the of daughters the lest rejoice, Philistines the of daughters the lest Askelon; of streets the in not it publish Gath, in not it Tell 2Sam.1:20
fallen! mighty the are how places: high thy upon slain is Israel of beauty The 2Sam.1:19
Jasher.) of book the in written is it behold, bow: the of use the Judah of children the teach them bade he (Also 2Sam.1:18
son: his Jonathan over and Saul over lamentation this with lamented David And 2Sam.1:17
anointed. 's Lord the slain have I saying, thee, against testified hath mouth thy for head; thy upon be blood Thy him, unto said David And 2Sam.1:16
died. he that him smote he And him. upon fall and near, Go said, and men, young the of one called David And 2Sam.1:15
anointed? 's Lord the destroy to hand thine forth stretch to afraid not thou wast How him, unto said David And 2Sam.1:14
Amalekite. an stranger, a of son the am I answered, he And thou? art Whence him, told that man young the unto said David And 2Sam.1:13
sword. the by fallen were they because Israel; of house the for and , Lord the of people the for and son, his Jonathan for and Saul, for even, until fasted and wept, and mourned, they And 2Sam.1:12
him: with were that men the all likewise and them; rent and clothes, his on hold took David Then 2Sam.1:11
lord. my unto hither them brought have and arm, his on was that bracelet the and head, his upon was that crown the took I and fallen: was he that after live not could he that sure was I because him, slew and him, upon stood I So 2Sam.1:10
me. in whole yet is life my because me, upon come is anguish for me: slay and me, upon thee, pray I Stand, again, me unto said He 2Sam.1:9
Amalekite. an am I him, answered I And thou? art Who me, unto said he And 2Sam.1:8
I. am Here answered, I And me. unto called and me, saw he him, behind looked he when And 2Sam.1:7
him. after hard followed horsemen and chariots the lo, and, spear; his upon leaned Saul behold, Gilboa, mount upon chance by happened I As said, him told that man young the And 2Sam.1:6
dead? be son his Jonathan and Saul that thou knowest How him, told that man young the unto said David And 2Sam.1:5
also. dead are son his Jonathan and Saul and dead; and fallen are also people the of many and battle, the from fled are people the That answered, he And me. tell thee, pray I matter? the went How him, unto said David And 2Sam.1:4
escaped. I am Israel of camp the of Out him, unto said he And thou? comest whence From him, unto said David And 2Sam.1:3
obeisance. did and earth, the to fell he that David, to came he when was, it so and head: his upon earth and rent, clothes his with Saul from camp the of out came man a behold, that, day, third the on pass to even came It 2Sam.1:2
Ziklag; in days two abode had David and Amalekites, the of slaughter the from returned was David when Saul, of death the after pass to came it Now 2Sam.1:1
Samuel 2
days. seven fasted and Jabesh, at tree a under them buried and bones, their took they And 1Sam.31:13
there. them burnt and Jabesh, to came and Bethshan, of wall the from sons his of bodies the and Saul of body the took and night, all went and arose, men valiant the All 1Sam.31:12
Saul; to done had Philistines the which that of heard Jabeshgilead of inhabitants the when And 1Sam.31:11
Bethshan. of wall the to body his fastened they and Ashtaroth: of house the in armour his put they And 1Sam.31:10
people. the among and idols, their of house the in it publish to about, round Philistines the of land the into sent and armour, his off stripped and head, his off cut they And 1Sam.31:9
Gilboa. mount in fallen sons three his and Saul found they that slain, the strip to came Philistines the when morrow, the on pass to came it And 1Sam.31:8
them. in dwelt and came Philistines the and fled; and cities, the forsook they dead, were sons his and Saul that and fled, Israel of men the that saw Jordan, side other the on were that they and valley, the of side other the on were that Israel of men the when And 1Sam.31:7
together. day same that men, his all and armourbearer, his and sons, three his and died, Saul So 1Sam.31:6
him. with died and sword, his upon likewise fell he dead, was Saul that saw armourbearer his when And 1Sam.31:5
it. upon fell and sword, a took Saul Therefore afraid. sore was he for not; would armourbearer his But me. abuse and through, me thrust and come uncircumcised these lest therewith; through me thrust and sword, thy Draw armourbearer, his unto Saul said Then 1Sam.31:4
archers. the of wounded sore was he and him; hit archers the and Saul, against sore went battle the And 1Sam.31:3
sons. Saul's Melchishua, and Abinadab, and Jonathan, slew Philistines the and sons; his upon and Saul upon hard followed Philistines the And 1Sam.31:2
Gilboa. mount in slain down fell and Philistines, the before from fled Israel of men the and Israel: against fought Philistines the Now 1Sam.31:1
haunt. to wont were men his and himself David where places the all to and Hebron, in were which them to And 1Sam.30:31
Athach, in were which them to and Chorashan, in were which them to and Hormah, in were which them to And 1Sam.30:30
Kenites, the of cities the in were which them to and Jerahmeelites, the of cities the in were which them to and Rachal, in were which them to And 1Sam.30:29
Eshtemoa, in were which them to and Siphmoth, in were which them to and Aroer, in were which them to And 1Sam.30:28
Jattir, in were which them to and Ramoth, south in were which them to and Bethel, in were which them To 1Sam.30:27
; Lord the of enemies the of spoil the of you for present a Behold saying, friends, his to even Judah, of elders the unto spoil the of sent he Ziklag, to came David when And 1Sam.30:26
day. this unto Israel for ordinance an and statute a it made he that forward, day that from so was it And 1Sam.30:25
alike. part shall they stuff: the by tarrieth that be part his shall so battle, the to down goeth that is part his as but matter? this in you unto hearken will who For 1Sam.30:24
hand. our into us against came that company the delivered and us, preserved hath who us, given hath Lord the which that with brethren, my so, do not shall Ye David, said Then 1Sam.30:23
depart. and away, them lead may they that children, his and wife his man every to save recovered, have we that spoil the of ought them give not will we us, with not went they Because said, and David, with went that those of Belial, of men and men wicked the all answered Then 1Sam.30:22
them. saluted he people, the to near came David when and him: with were that people the meet to and David, meet to forth went they and Besor: brook the at abide to also made had they whom David, follow not could they that faint so were which men, hundred two the to came David And 1Sam.30:21
spoil. David's is This said, and cattle, other those before drave they which herds, the and flocks the all took David And 1Sam.30:20
all. recovered David them: to taken had they that thing any nor spoil, neither daughters, nor sons neither great, nor small neither them, to lacking nothing was there And 1Sam.30:19
wives. two his rescued David and away: carried had Amalekites the that all recovered David And 1Sam.30:18
fled. and camels, upon rode which men, young hundred four save them, of man a not escaped there and day: next the of evening the unto even twilight the from them smote David And 1Sam.30:17
Judah. of land the of out and Philistines, the of land the of out taken had they that spoil great the all of because dancing, and drinking, and eating earth, the all upon abroad spread were they behold, down, him brought had he when And 1Sam.30:16
company. this to down thee bring will I and master, my of hands the into me deliver nor me, kill neither wilt thou that God, by me unto Swear said, he And company? this to down me bring thou Canst him, to said David And 1Sam.30:15
fire. with Ziklag burned we and Caleb; of south the upon and Judah, to belongeth which coast the upon and Cherethites, the of south the upon invasion an made We 1Sam.30:14
sick. fell I agone days three because me, left master my and Amalekite; an to servant Egypt, of man young a am I said, he And thou? art whence and thou? belongest whom To him, unto said David And 1Sam.30:13
nights. three and days three water, any drunk nor bread, no eaten had he for him: to again came spirit his eaten, had he when and raisins: of clusters two and figs, of cake a of piece a him gave they And 1Sam.30:12
water; drink him made they and eat; did he and bread, him gave and David, to him brought and field, the in Egyptian an found they And 1Sam.30:11
Besor. brook the over go not could they that faint so were which behind, abode hundred two for men: hundred four and he pursued, David But 1Sam.30:10
stayed. behind left were that those where Besor, brook the to came and him, with were that men hundred six the and he went, David So 1Sam.30:9
all. recover fail without and them, overtake surely shalt thou for Pursue: him, answered he And them? overtake I shall troop? this after pursue I Shall saying, , Lord the at enquired David And 1Sam.30:8
David. to ephod the thither brought Abiathar And ephod. the hither me bring thee, pray I son, Ahimelech's priest, the Abiathar to said David And 1Sam.30:7
God. his Lord the in himself encouraged David but daughters: his for and sons his for man every grieved, was people the all of soul the because him, stoning of spake people the for distressed; greatly was David And 1Sam.30:6
Carmelite. the Nabal of wife the Abigail and Jezreelitess, the Ahinoam captives, taken were wives two David's And 1Sam.30:5
weep. to power more no had they until wept, and voice their up lifted him with were that people the and David Then 1Sam.30:4
captives. taken were daughters, their and sons, their and wives, their and fire; with burned was it behold, and, city, the to came men his and David So 1Sam.30:3
way. their on went and away, them carried but small, or great either any, not slew they therein: were that captives, women the taken had And 1Sam.30:2
fire; with it burned and Ziklag, smitten and Ziklag, and south, the invaded had Amalekites the that day, third the on Ziklag to come were men his and David when pass, to came it And 1Sam.30:1
Jezreel. to up went Philistines the And Philistines. the of land the into return to morning, the in depart to early up rose men his and David So 1Sam.29:11
depart. light, have and morning, the in early up be ye as soon as and thee: with come are that servants master's thy with morning the in early up rise now Wherefore 1Sam.29:10
battle. the to us with up go not shall He said, have Philistines the of princes the notwithstanding God: of angel an as sight, my in good art thou that know I David, to said and answered Achish And 1Sam.29:9
king? the lord my of enemies the against fight go not may I that day, this unto thee with been have I as long so servant thy in found thou hast what and done? I have what But Achish, unto said David And 1Sam.29:8
Philistines. the of lords the not displease thou that peace, in go and return, now Wherefore 1Sam.29:7
not. thee favour lords the nevertheless day: this unto me unto coming thy of day the since thee in evil found not have I for sight: my in good is host the in me with in coming thy and out going thy and upright, been hast thou liveth, Lord the as Surely, him, unto said and David, called Achish Then 1Sam.29:6
thousands? ten his David and thousands, his slew Saul saying, dances, in another to one sang they whom of David, this not Is 1Sam.29:5
men? these of heads the with be not it should master? his unto himself reconcile he should wherewith for us: to adversary an be he battle the in lest battle, to us with down go not him let and him, appointed hast thou which place his to again go may he that return, fellow this Make him, unto said Philistines the of princes the and him; with wroth were Philistines the of princes the And 1Sam.29:4
day? this unto me unto fell he since him in fault no found have I and years, these or days, these me with been hath which Israel, of king the Saul of servant the David, this not Is Philistines, the of princes the unto said Achish And here? Hebrews these do What Philistines, the of princes the said Then 1Sam.29:3
Achish. with rereward the in on passed men his and David but thousands: by and hundreds, by on passed Philistines the of lords the And 1Sam.29:2
Jezreel. in is which fountain a by pitched Israelites the and Aphek: to armies their all together gathered Philistines the Now 1Sam.29:1
night. that away went and up, rose they Then eat. did they and servants; his before and Saul, before it brought she And 1Sam.28:25
thereof: bread unleavened bake did and it, kneaded and flour, took and it, killed and hasted, she and house; the in calf fat a had woman the And 1Sam.28:24
bed. the upon sat and earth, the from arose he So voice. their unto hearkened he and him; compelled woman, the with together servants, his But eat. not will I said, and refused, he But 1Sam.28:23
way. thy on goest thou when strength, have mayest thou that eat, and thee; before bread of morsel a set me let and handmaid, thine of voice the unto also thou hearken thee, pray I therefore, Now 1Sam.28:22
me. unto spakest thou which words thy unto hearkened have and hand, my in life my put have I and voice, thy obeyed hath handmaid thine Behold, him, unto said and troubled, sore was he that saw and Saul, unto came woman the And 1Sam.28:21
night. the all nor day, the all bread no eaten had he for him; in strength no was there and Samuel: of words the of because afraid, sore was and earth, the on along all straightway fell Saul Then 1Sam.28:20
Philistines. the of hand the into Israel of host the deliver shall also Lord the me: with be sons thy and thou shalt morrow to and Philistines: the of hand the into thee with Israel deliver also will Lord the Moreover 1Sam.28:19
day. this thee unto thing this done Lord the hath therefore Amalek, upon wrath fierce his executedst nor , Lord the of voice the not obeyedst thou Because 1Sam.28:18
David: to even neighbour, thy to it given and hand, thine of out kingdom the rent hath Lord the for me: by spake he as him, to done hath Lord the And 1Sam.28:17
enemy? thine become is and thee, from departed is Lord the seeing me, of ask thou dost then Wherefore Samuel, said Then 1Sam.28:16
do. shall I what me unto known make mayest thou that thee, called have I therefore dreams: by nor prophets, by neither more, no me answereth and me, from departed is God and me, against war make Philistines the for distressed; sore am I answered, Saul And up? me bring to me, disquieted thou hast Why Saul, to said Samuel And 1Sam.28:15
himself. bowed and ground, the to face his with stooped he and Samuel, was it that perceived Saul And mantle. a with covered is he and up; cometh man old An said, she And of? he is form What her, unto said he And 1Sam.28:14
earth. the of out ascending gods saw I Saul, unto said woman the And thou? sawest what for afraid: not Be her, unto said king the And 1Sam.28:13
Saul. art thou for me? deceived thou hast Why saying, Saul, to spake woman the and voice: loud a with cried she Samuel, saw woman the when And 1Sam.28:12
Samuel. up me Bring said, he And thee? unto up bring I shall Whom woman, the said Then 1Sam.28:11
thing. this for thee to happen punishment no shall there liveth, Lord the As saying, , Lord the by her to sware Saul And 1Sam.28:10
die? to me cause to life, my for snare a thou layest then wherefore land: the of out wizards, the and spirits, familiar have that those off cut hath he how done, hath Saul what knowest thou Behold, him, unto said woman the And 1Sam.28:9
thee. unto name shall I whom up, him me bring and spirit, familiar the by me unto divine thee, pray I said, he and night: by woman the to came they and him, with men two and went, he and raiment, other on put and himself, disguised Saul And 1Sam.28:8
Endor. at spirit familiar a hath that woman a is there Behold, him, to said servants his And her. of enquire and her, to go may I that spirit, familiar a hath that woman a me Seek servants, his unto Saul said Then 1Sam.28:7
prophets. by nor Urim, by nor dreams, by neither not, him answered Lord the , Lord the of enquired Saul when And 1Sam.28:6
trembled. greatly heart his and afraid, was he Philistines, the of host the saw Saul when And 1Sam.28:5
Gilboa. in pitched they and together, Israel all gathered Saul and Shunem: in pitched and came and together, themselves gathered Philistines the And 1Sam.28:4
land. the of out wizards, the and spirits, familiar had that those away put had Saul And city. own his in even Ramah, in him buried and him, lamented had Israel all and dead, was Samuel Now 1Sam.28:3
ever. for head mine of keeper thee make I will Therefore David, to said Achish And do. can servant thy what know shalt thou Surely Achish, to said David And 1Sam.28:2
men. thy and thou battle, to me with out go shalt thou that assuredly, thou Know David, unto said Achish And Israel. with fight to warfare, for together armies their gathered Philistines the that days, those in pass to came it And 1Sam.28:1
ever. for servant my be shall he therefore him; abhor to utterly Israel people his made hath He saying, David, believed Achish And 1Sam.27:12
Philistines. the of country the in dwelleth he while the all manner his be will so and David, did So saying, us, on tell should they Lest saying, Gath, to tidings bring to alive, woman nor man neither saved David And 1Sam.27:11
Kenites. the of south the against and Jerahmeelites, the of south the against and Judah, of south the Against said, David And day? to road a made ye have Whither said, Achish And 1Sam.27:10
Achish. to came and returned, and apparel, the and camels, the and asses, the and oxen, the and sheep, the away took and alive, woman nor man neither left and land, the smote David And 1Sam.27:9
Egypt. of land the unto even Shur, to goest thou as land, the of inhabitants the old of were nations those for Amalekites: the and Gezrites, the and Geshurites, the invaded and up, went men his and David And 1Sam.27:8
months. four and year full a was Philistines the of country the in dwelt David that time the And 1Sam.27:7
day. this unto Judah of kings the unto pertaineth Ziklag wherefore day: that Ziklag him gave Achish Then 1Sam.27:6
thee? with city royal the in dwell servant thy should why for there: dwell may I that country, the in town some in place a me give them let eyes, thine in grace found now have I If Achish, unto said David And 1Sam.27:5
him. for again more no sought he and Gath: to fled was David that Saul told was it And 1Sam.27:4
wife. Nabal's Carmelitess, the Abigail and Jezreelitess, the Ahinoam wives, two his with David even household, his with man every men, his and he Gath, at Achish with dwelt David And 1Sam.27:3
Gath. of king Maoch, of son the Achish, unto him with were that men hundred six the with over passed he and arose, David And 1Sam.27:2
hand. his of out escape I shall so Israel: of coast any in more any me seek to me, of despair shall Saul and Philistines; the of land the into escape speedily should I that than me for better nothing is there Saul: of hand the by day one perish now shall I heart, his in said David And 1Sam.27:1
place. his to returned Saul and way, his on went David So prevail. still shalt also and things, great do both shalt thou David: son my thou, be Blessed David, to said Saul Then 1Sam.26:25
tribulation. all of out me deliver him let and , Lord the of eyes the in by set much be life my let so eyes, mine in day this by set much was life thy as behold, And, 1Sam.26:24
anointed. 's Lord the against hand mine forth stretch not would I but day, to hand my into thee delivered Lord the for faithfulness; his and righteousness his man every to render Lord The 1Sam.26:23
it. fetch and over come men young the of one let and spear! king's the Behold said, and answered David And 1Sam.26:22
exceedingly. erred have and fool, the played have I behold, day: this eyes thine in precious was soul my because harm, thee do more no will I for David: son my return, sinned: have I Saul, said Then 1Sam.26:21
mountains. the in partridge a hunt doth one when as flea, a seek to out come is Israel of king the for : Lord the of face the before earth the to fall blood my not let therefore, Now 1Sam.26:20
gods. other serve Go, saying, , Lord the of inheritance the in abiding from day this out me driven have they for ; Lord the before they be cursed men, of children the be they if but offering: an accept him let me, against up thee stirred have Lord the If servant. his of words the hear king the lord my let thee, pray I therefore, Now 1Sam.26:19
hand? mine in is evil what or done? I have what for servant? his after pursue thus lord my doth Wherefore said, he And 1Sam.26:18
king. O lord, my voice, my is It said, David And David? son my voice, thy this Is said, and voice, David's knew Saul And 1Sam.26:17
bolster. his at was that water of cruse the and is, spear king's the where see now And anointed. 's Lord the master, your kept not have ye because die, to worthy are ye liveth, Lord the As done. hast thou that good not is thing This 1Sam.26:16
lord. thy king the destroy to in people the of one came there for king? the lord thy kept not thou hast then wherefore Israel? in thee to like is who and man? valiant a thou not Art Abner, to said David And 1Sam.26:15
king? the to criest that thou art Who said, and answered Abner Then Abner? not, thou Answerest saying, Ner, of son the Abner to and people, the to cried David And 1Sam.26:14
them: between being space great a off; afar hill an of top the on stood and side, other the to over went David Then 1Sam.26:13
them. upon fallen was Lord the from sleep deep a because asleep; all were they for awaked: neither it, knew nor it, saw man no and away, them gat they and bolster; Saul's from water of cruse the and spear the took David So 1Sam.26:12
go. us let and water, of cruse the and bolster, his at is that spear the now thou take thee, pray I but, anointed: 's Lord the against hand mine forth stretch should I that forbid Lord The 1Sam.26:11
perish. and battle, into descend shall he or die; to come shall day his or him; smite shall Lord the liveth, Lord the As furthermore, said David 1Sam.26:10
guiltless? be and anointed, 's Lord the against hand his forth stretch can who for not: him Destroy Abishai, to said David And 1Sam.26:9
time. second the him smite not will I and once, at earth the to even spear the with thee, pray I him, smite me let therefore now day: this hand thine into enemy thine delivered hath God David, to Abishai said Then 1Sam.26:8
him. about round lay people the and Abner but bolster: his at ground the in stuck spear his and trench, the within sleeping lay Saul behold, and, night: by people the to came Abishai and David So 1Sam.26:7
thee. with down go will I said, Abishai And camp? the to Saul to me with down go will Who saying, Joab, to brother Zeruiah, of son the Abishai to and Hittite, the Ahimelech to said and David answered Then 1Sam.26:6
him. about round pitched people the and trench, the in lay Saul and host: his of captain the Ner, of son the Abner and lay, Saul where place the beheld David and pitched: had Saul where place the to came and arose, David And 1Sam.26:5
deed. very in come was Saul that understood and spies, out sent therefore David 1Sam.26:4
wilderness. the into him after came Saul that saw he and wilderness, the in abode David But way. the by Jeshimon, before is which Hachilah, of hill the in pitched Saul And 1Sam.26:3
Ziph. of wilderness the in David seek to him, with Israel of men chosen thousand three having Ziph, of wilderness the to down went and arose, Saul Then 1Sam.26:2
Jeshimon? before is which Hachilah, of hill the in himself hide David not Doth saying, Gibeah, to Saul unto came Ziphites the And 1Sam.26:1
Gallim. of was which Laish, of son the Phalti to wife, David's daughter, his Michal given had Saul But 1Sam.25:44
wives. his them of both also were they and Jezreel; of Ahinoam took also David 1Sam.25:43
wife. his became and David, of messengers the after went she and her; after went that hers of damsels five with ass, an upon rode and arose and hasted, Abigail And 1Sam.25:42
lord. my of servants the of feet the wash to servant a be handmaid thine let Behold, said, and earth, the to face her on herself bowed and arose, she And 1Sam.25:41
wife. to him to thee take to thee, unto us sent David saying, her, unto spake they Carmel, to Abigail to come were David of servants the when And 1Sam.25:40
wife. to him to her take to Abigail, with communed and sent David And head. own his upon Nabal of wickedness the returned hath Lord the for evil: from servant his kept hath and Nabal, of hand the from reproach my of cause the pleaded hath that , Lord the be Blessed said, he dead, was Nabal that heard David when And 1Sam.25:39
died. he that Nabal, smote Lord the that after, days ten about pass to came it And 1Sam.25:38
stone. a as became he and him, within died heart his that things, these him told had wife his and Nabal, of out gone was wine the when morning, the in pass to came it But 1Sam.25:37
light. morning the until more, or less nothing, him told she wherefore drunken: very was he for him, within merry was heart Nabal's and king; a of feast the like house, his in feast a held he behold, and, Nabal; to came Abigail And 1Sam.25:36
person. thy accepted have and voice, thy to hearkened have I see, house; thine to peace in up Go her, unto said and him, brought had she which that hand her of received David So 1Sam.25:35
wall. the against pisseth that any light morning the by Nabal unto left been not had there surely me, meet to come and hasted hadst thou except thee, hurting from back me kept hath which liveth, Israel of God Lord the as deed, very in For 1Sam.25:34
hand. own mine with myself avenging from and blood, shed to coming from day this me kept hast which thou, be blessed and advice, thy be blessed And 1Sam.25:33
me: meet to day this thee sent which Israel, of God Lord the be Blessed Abigail, to said David And 1Sam.25:32
handmaid. thine remember then lord, my with well dealt have shall Lord the when but himself: avenged hath lord my that or causeless, blood shed hast thou that either lord, my unto heart of offence nor thee, unto grief no be shall this That 1Sam.25:31
Israel; over ruler thee appointed have shall and thee, concerning spoken hath he that good the all to according lord my to done have shall Lord the when pass, to come shall it And 1Sam.25:30
sling. a of middle the of out as out, sling he shall them enemies, thine of souls the and God; thy Lord the with life of bundle the in bound be shall lord my of soul the but soul: thy seek to and thee, pursue to risen is man a Yet 1Sam.25:29
days. thy all thee in found been not hath evil and , Lord the of battles the fighteth lord my because house; sure a lord my make certainly will Lord the for handmaid: thine of trespass the forgive thee, pray I 1Sam.25:28
lord. my follow that men young the unto given be even it let lord, my unto brought hath handmaid thine which blessing this now And 1Sam.25:27
Nabal. as be lord, my to evil seek that they and enemies, thine let now hand, own thine with thyself avenging from and blood, shed to coming from thee withholden hath Lord the seeing liveth, soul thy as and liveth, Lord the as lord, my therefore, Now 1Sam.25:26
send. didst thou whom lord, my of men young the not saw handmaid thine I but him: with is folly and name, his is Nabal he; is so is, name his as for Nabal: even Belial, of man this regard thee, pray I lord, my not Let 1Sam.25:25
handmaid. thine of words the hear and audience, thine in speak thee, pray I handmaid, thine let and be: iniquity this let me upon lord, my me, Upon said, and feet, his at fell And 1Sam.25:24
ground, the to herself bowed and face, her on David before fell and ass, the off lighted and hasted, she David, saw Abigail when And 1Sam.25:23
wall. the against pisseth that any light morning the by him to pertain that all of leave I if David, of enemies the unto God do also more and So 1Sam.25:22
good. for evil me requited hath he and him: unto pertained that all of missed was nothing that so wilderness, the in hath fellow this that all kept I have vain in Surely said, had David Now 1Sam.25:21
them. met she and her; against down came men his and David behold, and, hill, the on covert the by down came she that ass, the on rode she as so, was it And 1Sam.25:20
Nabal. husband her not told she But you. after come I behold, me; before on Go servants, her unto said she And 1Sam.25:19
asses. on them laid and figs, of cakes hundred two and raisins, of clusters hundred an and corn, parched of measures five and dressed, ready sheep five and wine, of bottles two and loaves, hundred two took and haste, made Abigail Then 1Sam.25:18
him. to speak cannot man a that Belial, of son a such is he for household: his all against and master, our against determined is evil for do; wilt thou what consider and know therefore Now 1Sam.25:17
sheep. the keeping them with were we while the all day, and night by both us unto wall a were They 1Sam.25:16
fields: the in were we when them, with conversant were we as long as thing, any we missed neither hurt, not were we and us, unto good very were men the But 1Sam.25:15
them. on railed he and master; our salute to wilderness the of out messengers sent David Behold, saying, wife, Nabal's Abigail, told men young the of one But 1Sam.25:14
stuff. the by abode hundred two and men; hundred four about David after up went there and sword: his on girded also David and sword; his man every on girded they And sword. his man every on ye Gird men, his unto said David And 1Sam.25:13
sayings. those all him told and came and again, went and way, their turned men young David's So 1Sam.25:12
be? they whence not know I whom men, unto it give and shearers, my for killed have I that flesh my and water, my and bread, my take then I Shall 1Sam.25:11
master. his from man every away break that days a now servants many be there Jesse? of son the is who and David? is Who said, and servants, David's answered Nabal And 1Sam.25:10
ceased. and David, of name the in words those all to according Nabal to spake they came, men young David's when And 1Sam.25:9
David. son thy to and servants, thy unto hand thine to cometh whatsoever thee, pray I give, day: good a in come we for eyes: thine in favour find men young the let Wherefore thee. shew will they and men, young thy Ask 1Sam.25:8
Carmel. in were they while the all them, unto missing ought there was neither not, them hurt we us, with were which shepherds thy now shearers: hast thou that heard have I now And 1Sam.25:7
hast. thou that all unto be peace and house, thine to be peace and thee, to both be Peace prosperity, in liveth that him to say ye shall thus And 1Sam.25:6
name: my in him greet and Nabal, to go and Carmel, to up you Get men, young the unto said David and men, young ten out sent David And 1Sam.25:5
sheep. his shear did Nabal that wilderness the in heard David And 1Sam.25:4
Caleb. of house the of was he and doings; his in evil and churlish was man the but countenance: beautiful a of and understanding, good of woman a was she and Abigail: wife his of name the and Nabal; was man the of name the Now 1Sam.25:3
Carmel. in sheep his shearing was he and goats: thousand a and sheep, thousand three had he and great, very was man the and Carmel; in were possessions whose Maon, in man a was there And 1Sam.25:2
Paran. of wilderness the to down went and arose, David And Ramah. at house his in him buried and him, lamented and together, gathered were Israelites the all and died; Samuel And 1Sam.25:1
hold. the unto up them gat men his and David but home; went Saul And Saul. unto sware David And 1Sam.24:22
house. father's my of out name my destroy not wilt thou that and me, after seed my off cut not wilt thou that , Lord the by me unto therefore now Swear 1Sam.24:21
hand. thine in established be shall Israel of kingdom the that and king, be surely shalt thou that well know I behold, now, And 1Sam.24:20
day. this me unto done hast thou that for good thee reward Lord the wherefore away? well go him let he will enemy, his find man a if For 1Sam.24:19
not. me killedst thou hand, thine into me delivered had Lord the when as forasmuch me: with well dealt hast thou that how day this shewed hast thou And 1Sam.24:18
evil. thee rewarded have I whereas good, me rewarded hast thou for I: than righteous more art Thou David, to said he And 1Sam.24:17
wept. and voice, his up lifted Saul And David? son my voice, thy this Is said, Saul that Saul, unto words these speaking of end an made had David when pass, to came it And 1Sam.24:16
hand. thine of out me deliver and cause, my plead and see, and thee, and me between judge and judge, be therefore Lord The 1Sam.24:15
flea. a after dog, dead a after pursue? thou dost whom after out? come Israel of king the is whom After 1Sam.24:14
thee. upon be not shall hand mine but wicked: the from proceedeth Wickedness ancients, the of proverb the saith As 1Sam.24:13
thee. upon be not shall hand mine but thee: of me avenge Lord the and thee, and me between judge Lord The 1Sam.24:12
it. take to soul my huntest thou yet thee; against sinned not have I and hand, mine in transgression nor evil neither is there that see and thou know not, thee killed and robe, thy of skirt the off cut I that in for hand: my in robe thy of skirt the see yea, see, father, my Moreover, 1Sam.24:11
anointed. 's Lord the is he for lord; my against hand mine forth put not will I said, I and thee; spared eye mine but thee: kill me bade some and cave: the in hand mine into day to thee delivered had Lord the that how seen have eyes thine day this Behold, 1Sam.24:10
hurt? thy seeketh David Behold, saying, words, men's thou hearest Wherefore Saul, to said David And 1Sam.24:9
himself. bowed and earth, the to face his with stooped David him, behind looked Saul when And king. the lord My saying, Saul, after cried and cave, the of out went and afterward, arose also David 1Sam.24:8
way. his on went and cave, the of out up rose Saul But Saul. against rise to not them suffered and words, these with servants his stayed David So 1Sam.24:7
. Lord the of anointed the is he seeing him, against hand mine forth stretch to anointed, 's Lord the master, my unto thing this do should I that forbid Lord The men, his unto said he And 1Sam.24:6
skirt. Saul's off cut had he because him, smote heart David's that afterward, pass to came it And 1Sam.24:5
privily. robe Saul's of skirt the off cut and arose, David Then thee. unto good seem shall it as him to do mayest thou that hand, thine into enemy thine deliver will I Behold, thee, unto said Lord the which of day the Behold him, unto said David of men the And 1Sam.24:4
cave. the of sides the in remained men his and David and feet: his cover to in went Saul and cave; a was where way, the by sheepcotes the to came he And 1Sam.24:3
goats. wild the of rocks the upon men his and David seek to went and Israel, all of out men chosen thousand three took Saul Then 1Sam.24:2
Engedi. of wilderness the in is David Behold, saying, him, told was it that Philistines, the following from returned was Saul when pass, to came it And 1Sam.24:1
Engedi. at holds strong in dwelt and thence, from up went David And 1Sam.23:29
Selahammahlekoth. place that called they therefore Philistines: the against went and David, after pursuing from returned Saul Wherefore 1Sam.23:28
land. the invaded have Philistines the for come; and thee, Haste saying, Saul, unto messenger a came there But 1Sam.23:27
them. take to about round men his and David compassed men his and Saul for Saul; of fear for away get to haste made David and mountain: the of side that on men his and David and mountain, the of side this on went Saul And 1Sam.23:26
Maon. of wilderness the in David after pursued he that, heard Saul when And Maon. of wilderness the in abode and rock, a into down came he wherefore David; told they And him. seek to went men his and also Saul 1Sam.23:25
Jeshimon. of south the on plain the in Maon, of wilderness the in were men his and David but Saul: before Ziph to went and arose, they And 1Sam.23:24
Judah. of thousands the all throughout out him search will I that land, the in be he if pass, to come shall it and you: with go will I and certainty, the with me to again ye come and himself, hideth he where places lurking the all of knowledge take and therefore, See 1Sam.23:23
subtilly. very dealeth he that me told is it for there: him seen hath who and is, haunt his where place his see and know and yet, prepare you, pray I Go, 1Sam.23:22
me. on compassion have ye for ; Lord the of ye be Blessed said, Saul And 1Sam.23:21
hand. king's the into him deliver to be shall part our and down; come to soul thy of desire the all to according down come king, O therefore, Now 1Sam.23:20
Jeshimon? of south the on is which Hachilah, of hill the in wood, the in holds strong in us with himself hide David not Doth saying, Gibeah, to Saul to Ziphites the up came Then 1Sam.23:19
house. his to went Jonathan and wood, the in abode David and : Lord the before covenant a made two they And 1Sam.23:18
knoweth. father my Saul also that and thee; unto next be shall I and Israel, over king be shalt thou and thee; find not shall father my Saul of hand the for not: Fear him, unto said he And 1Sam.23:17
God. in hand his strengthened and wood, the into David to went and arose, son Saul's Jonathan And 1Sam.23:16
wood. a in Ziph of wilderness the in was David and life: his seek to out come was Saul that saw David And 1Sam.23:15
hand. his into not him delivered God but day, every him sought Saul And Ziph. of wilderness the in mountain a in remained and holds, strong in wilderness the in abode David And 1Sam.23:14
forth. go to forbare he and Keilah; from escaped was David that Saul told was it And go. could they whithersoever went and Keilah, of out departed and arose hundred, six about were which men, his and David Then 1Sam.23:13
up. thee deliver will They said, Lord the And Saul? of hand the into men my and me deliver Keilah of men the Will David, said Then 1Sam.23:12
down. come will He said, Lord the And servant. thy tell thee, beseech I Israel, of God Lord O heard? hath servant thy as down, come Saul will hand? his into up me deliver Keilah of men the Will 1Sam.23:11
sake. my for city the destroy to Keilah, to come to seeketh Saul that heard certainly hath servant thy Israel, of God Lord O David, said Then 1Sam.23:10
ephod. the hither Bring priest, the Abiathar to said he and him; against mischief practised secretly Saul that knew David And 1Sam.23:9
men. his and David besiege to Keilah, to down go to war, to together people the all called Saul And 1Sam.23:8
bars. and gates hath that town a into entering by in, shut is he for hand; mine into him delivered hath God said, Saul And Keilah. to come was David that Saul told was it And 1Sam.23:7
hand. his in ephod an with down came he that Keilah, to David to fled Ahimelech of son the Abiathar when pass, to came it And 1Sam.23:6
Keilah. of inhabitants the saved David So slaughter. great a with them smote and cattle, their away brought and Philistines, the with fought and Keilah, to went men his and David So 1Sam.23:5
hand. thine into Philistines the deliver will I for Keilah; to down go Arise, said, and him answered Lord the And again. yet Lord the of enquired David Then 1Sam.23:4
Philistines? the of armies the against Keilah to come we if then more much how Judah: in here afraid be we Behold, him, unto said men David's And 1Sam.23:3
Keilah. save and Philistines, the smite and Go, David, unto said Lord the And Philistines? these smite and go I Shall saying, , Lord the of enquired David Therefore 1Sam.23:2
threshingfloors. the rob they and Keilah, against fight Philistines the Behold, saying, David, told they Then 1Sam.23:1
safeguard. in be shalt thou me with but life: thy seeketh life my seeketh that he for not: fear me, with thou Abide 1Sam.22:23
house. father's thy of persons the all of death the occasioned have I Saul: tell surely would he that there, was Edomite the Doeg when day, that it knew I Abiathar, unto said David And 1Sam.22:22
priests. 's Lord the slain had Saul that David shewed Abiathar And 1Sam.22:21
David. after fled and escaped, Abiathar, named Ahitub, of son the Ahimelech of sons the of one And 1Sam.22:20
sword. the of edge the with sheep, and asses, and oxen, and sucklings, and children women, and men both sword, the of edge the with he smote priests, the of city the Nob, And 1Sam.22:19
ephod. linen a wear did that persons five and fourscore day that on slew and priests, the upon fell he and turned, Edomite the Doeg And priests. the upon fall and thou, Turn Doeg, to said king the And 1Sam.22:18
. Lord the of priests the upon fall to hand their forth put not would king the of servants the But me. to it shew not did and fled, he when knew they because and David, with is also hand their because : Lord the of priests the slay and Turn, him, about stood that footmen the unto said king the And 1Sam.22:17
house. father's thy all and thou, Ahimelech, die, surely shalt Thou said, king the And 1Sam.22:16
more. or less this, all of nothing knew servant thy for father: my of house the all to nor servant, his unto thing any impute king the not let me: from far it be him? for God of enquire to begin then I Did 1Sam.22:15
house? thine in honourable is and bidding, thy at goeth and law, in son king's the is which David, as servants thy all among faithful so is who And said, and king, the answered Ahimelech Then 1Sam.22:14
day? this at as wait, in lie to me, against rise should he that him, for God of enquired hast and sword, a and bread, him given hast thou that in Jesse, of son the and thou me, against conspired ye have Why him, unto said Saul And 1Sam.22:13
lord. my am, I Here answered, he And Ahitub. of son thou now, Hear said, Saul And 1Sam.22:12
king. the to them of all came they and Nob: in were that priests the house, father's his all and Ahitub, of son the priest, the Ahimelech call to sent king the Then 1Sam.22:11
Philistine. the Goliath of sword the him gave and victuals, him gave and him, for Lord the of enquired he And 1Sam.22:10
Ahitub. of son the Ahimelech to Nob, to coming Jesse of son the saw I said, and Saul, of servants the over set was which Edomite, the Doeg answered Then 1Sam.22:9
day? this at as wait, in lie to me, against servant my up stirred hath son my that me unto sheweth or me, for sorry is that you of none is there and Jesse, of son the with league a made hath son my that me sheweth that none is there and me, against conspired have you of all That 1Sam.22:8
hundreds; of captains and thousands, of captains all you make and vineyards, and fields you of one every give Jesse of son the will Benjamites; ye now, Hear him, about stood that servants his unto said Saul Then 1Sam.22:7
him;) about standing were servants his all and hand, his in spear his having Ramah, in tree a under Gibeah in abode Saul (now him, with were that men the and discovered, was David that heard Saul When 1Sam.22:6
Hareth. of forest the into came and departed, David Then Judah. of land the into thee get and depart, hold; the in not Abide David, unto said Gad prophet the And 1Sam.22:5
hold. the in was David that while the all him with dwelt they and Moab: of king the before them brought he And 1Sam.22:4
me. for do will God what know I till you, with be and forth, come thee, pray I mother, my and father my Let Moab, of king the unto said he and Moab: of Mizpeh to thence went David And 1Sam.22:3
men. hundred four about him with were there and them: over captain a became he and him; unto themselves gathered discontented, was that one every and debt, in was that one every and distress, in was that one every And 1Sam.22:2
him. to thither down went they it, heard house father's his all and brethren his when and Adullam: cave the to escaped and thence, departed therefore David 1Sam.22:1
house? my into come fellow this shall presence? my in man mad the play to fellow this brought have ye that men, mad of need I Have 1Sam.21:15
me? to him brought ye have then wherefore mad: is man the see ye Lo, servants, his unto Achish said Then 1Sam.21:14
beard. his upon down fall spittle his let and gate, the of doors the on scrabbled and hands, their in mad himself feigned and them, before behaviour his changed he And 1Sam.21:13
Gath. of king the Achish of afraid sore was and heart, his in words these up laid David And 1Sam.21:12
thousands? ten his David and thousands, his slain hath Saul saying, dances, in him of another to one sing not they did land? the of king the David this not Is him, unto said Achish of servants the And 1Sam.21:11
Gath. of king the Achish to went and Saul, of fear for day that fled and arose David And 1Sam.21:10
me. it give that; like none is There said, David And here. that save other no is there for it: take that, take wilt thou if ephod: the behind cloth a in wrapped here is it behold, Elah, of valley the in slewest thou whom Philistine, the Goliath of sword The said, priest the And 1Sam.21:9
haste. required business king's the because me, with weapons my nor sword my brought neither have I for sword? or spear hand thine under here not there is And Ahimelech, unto said David And 1Sam.21:8
Saul. to belonged that herdmen the of chiefest the Edomite, an Doeg, was name his and ; Lord the before detained day, that there was Saul of servants the of man certain a Now 1Sam.21:7
away. taken was it when day the in bread hot put to , Lord the before from taken was that shewbread, the but there bread no was there for bread: hallowed him gave priest the So 1Sam.21:6
vessel. the in day this sanctified were it though yea, common, manner a in is bread the and holy, are men young the of vessels the and out, came I since days, three these about us from kept been have women truth a Of him, unto said and priest, the answered David And 1Sam.21:5
women. from least at themselves kept have men young the if bread; hallowed is there but hand, mine under bread common no is There said, and David, answered priest the And 1Sam.21:4
present. is there what or hand, mine in bread of loaves five me give hand? thine under is what therefore Now 1Sam.21:3
place. a such and such to servants my appointed have I and thee: commanded have I what and thee, send I whereabout business the of thing any know man no Let me, unto said hath and business, a me commanded hath king The priest, the Ahimelech unto said David And 1Sam.21:2
thee? with man no and alone, thou art Why him, unto said and David, of meeting the at afraid was Ahimelech and priest: the Ahimelech to Nob to David came Then 1Sam.21:1
city. the into went Jonathan and departed: and arose he And ever. for seed thy and seed my between and thee, and me between be Lord The saying, , Lord the of name the in us of both sworn have we as forasmuch peace, in Go David, to said Jonathan And 1Sam.20:42
exceeded. David until another, with one wept and another, one kissed they and times: three himself bowed and ground, the to face his on fell and south, the toward place a of out arose David gone, was lad the as soon as And 1Sam.20:41
city. the to them carry Go, him, unto said and lad, his unto artillery his gave Jonathan And 1Sam.20:40
matter. the knew David and Jonathan only thing: any not knew lad the But 1Sam.20:39
master. his to came and arrows, the up gathered lad Jonathan's And not. stay haste, speed, Make lad, the after cried Jonathan And 1Sam.20:38
thee? beyond arrow the not Is said, and lad, the after cried Jonathan shot, had Jonathan which arrow the of place the to come was lad the when And 1Sam.20:37
him. beyond arrow an shot he ran, lad the as And shoot. I which arrows the now out find Run, lad, his unto said he And 1Sam.20:36
him. with lad little a and David, with appointed time the at field the into out went Jonathan that morning, the in pass to came it And 1Sam.20:35
shame. him done had father his because David, for grieved was he for month: the of day second the meat no eat did and anger, fierce in table the from arose Jonathan So 1Sam.20:34
David. slay to father his of determined was it that knew Jonathan whereby him: smite to him at javelin a cast Saul And 1Sam.20:33
done? he hath what slain? be he shall Wherefore him, unto said and father, his Saul answered Jonathan And 1Sam.20:32
die. surely shall he for me, unto him fetch and send now Wherefore kingdom. thy nor established, be not shalt thou ground, the upon liveth Jesse of son the as long as For 1Sam.20:31
nakedness? mother's thy of confusion the unto and confusion, own thine to Jesse of son the chosen hast thou that know I not do woman, rebellious perverse the of son Thou him, unto said he and Jonathan, against kindled was anger Saul's Then 1Sam.20:30
table. king's the unto not cometh he Therefore brethren. my see and thee, pray I away, get me let eyes, thine in favour found have I if now, and there: be to me commanded hath he brother, my and city; the in sacrifice a hath family our for thee; pray I go, me Let said, he And 1Sam.20:29
Bethlehem: to go to me of leave asked earnestly David Saul, answered Jonathan And 1Sam.20:28
day? to nor yesterday, neither meat, to Jesse of son the not cometh Wherefore son, his Jonathan unto said Saul and empty: was place David's that month, the of day second the was which morrow, the on pass to came it And 1Sam.20:27
clean. not is he surely clean; not is he him, befallen hath Something thought, he for day: that thing any not spake Saul Nevertheless 1Sam.20:26
empty. was place David's and side, Saul's by sat Abner and arose, Jonathan and wall: the by seat a upon even times, other at as seat, his upon sat king the And 1Sam.20:25
meat. eat to down him sat king the come, was moon new the when and field: the in himself hid David So 1Sam.20:24
ever. for me and thee between be Lord the behold, of, spoken have I and thou which matter the touching as And 1Sam.20:23
away. thee sent hath Lord the for way: thy go thee; beyond are arrows the Behold, man, young the unto thus say I if But 1Sam.20:22
liveth. Lord the as hurt; no and thee, to peace is there for thou: come then them; take thee, of side this on are arrows the Behold, lad, the unto say expressly I If arrows. the out find Go, saying, lad, a send will I behold, And, 1Sam.20:21
mark. a at shot I though as thereof, side the on arrows three shoot will I And 1Sam.20:20
Ezel. stone the by remain shalt and hand, in was business the when thyself hide didst thou where place the to come and quickly, down go shalt thou then days, three stayed hast thou when And 1Sam.20:19
empty. be will seat thy because missed, be shalt thou and moon: new the is morrow To David, to said Jonathan Then 1Sam.20:18
soul. own his loved he as him loved he for him: loved he because again, swear to David caused Jonathan And 1Sam.20:17
enemies. David's of hand the at it require even Lord the Let saying, David, of house the with covenant a made Jonathan So 1Sam.20:16
earth. the of face the from one every David of enemies the off cut hath Lord the when not no, ever: for house my from kindness thy off cut not shalt thou also But 1Sam.20:15
not: die I that , Lord the of kindness the me shew live I yet while only not shalt thou And 1Sam.20:14
father. my with been hath he as thee, with be Lord the and peace: in go mayest thou that away, thee send and thee, it shew will I then evil, thee do to father my please it if but Jonathan: to more much and so do Lord The 1Sam.20:13
thee; it shew and thee, unto not send then I and David, toward good be there if behold, and, day, third the or time, any morrow to about father my sounded have I when Israel, of God Lord O David, unto said Jonathan And 1Sam.20:12
field. the into them of both out went they And field. the into out go us let and Come, David, unto said Jonathan And 1Sam.20:11
roughly? thee answer father thy if what or me? tell shall Who Jonathan, to David said Then 1Sam.20:10
thee? it tell I not would then thee, upon come to father my by determined were evil that certainly knew I if for thee: from it be Far said, Jonathan And 1Sam.20:9
father? thy to me bring thou shouldest why for thyself; me slay iniquity, me in be there if notwithstanding, thee: with Lord the of covenant a into servant thy brought hast thou for servant; thy with kindly deal shalt thou Therefore 1Sam.20:8
him. by determined is evil that sure be then wroth, very be he if but peace: have shall servant thy well; is It thus, say he If 1Sam.20:7
family. the all for there sacrifice yearly a is there for city: his Bethlehem to run might he that me of leave asked earnestly David say, then me, miss all at father thy If 1Sam.20:6
even. at day third the unto field the in myself hide may I that go, me let but meat: at king the with sit to fail not should I and moon, new the is morrow to Behold, Jonathan, unto said David And 1Sam.20:5
thee. for it do even will I desireth, soul thy Whatsoever David, unto Jonathan said Then 1Sam.20:4
death. and me between step a but is there liveth, soul thy as and liveth, Lord the as truly but grieved: be he lest this, know Jonathan not Let saith, he and eyes; thine in grace found have I that knoweth certainly father Thy said, and moreover, sware David And 1Sam.20:3
so. not is it me? from thing this hide father my should why and me: it shew will he that but small, or great either nothing do will father my behold, die: not shalt thou forbid; God him, unto said he And 1Sam.20:2
life? my seeketh he that father, thy before sin my is what and iniquity? mine is what done? I have What Jonathan, before said and came and Ramah, in Naioth from fled David And 1Sam.20:1
prophets? the among also Saul Is say, they Wherefore night. that all and day that all naked down lay and manner, like in Samuel before prophesied and also, clothes his off stripped he And 1Sam.19:24
Ramah. in Naioth to came he until prophesied, and on, went he and also, him upon was God of Spirit the and Ramah: in Naioth to thither went he And 1Sam.19:23
Ramah. in Naioth at be they Behold, said, one And David? and Samuel are Where said, and asked he and Sechu: in is that well great a to came and Ramah, to also he went Then 1Sam.19:22
also. prophesied they and time, third the again messengers sent Saul And likewise. prophesied they and messengers, other sent he Saul, told was it when And 1Sam.19:21
prophesied. also they and Saul, of messengers the upon was God of Spirit the them, over appointed as standing Samuel and prophesying, prophets the of company the saw they when and David: take to messengers sent Saul And 1Sam.19:20
Ramah. in Naioth at is David Behold, saying, Saul, told was it And 1Sam.19:19
Naioth. in dwelt and went Samuel and he And him. to done had Saul that all him told and Ramah, to Samuel to came and escaped, and fled, David So 1Sam.19:18
thee? kill I should why go; me Let me, unto said He Saul, answered Michal And escaped? is he that enemy, mine away sent and so, me deceived thou hast Why Michal, unto said Saul And 1Sam.19:17
bolster. his for hair goats' of pillow a with bed, the in image an was there behold, in, come were messengers the when And 1Sam.19:16
him. slay may I that bed, the in me to up him Bring saying, David, see to again messengers the sent Saul And 1Sam.19:15
sick. is He said, she David, take to messengers sent Saul when And 1Sam.19:14
cloth. a with it covered and bolster, his for hair goats' of pillow a put and bed, the in it laid and image, an took Michal And 1Sam.19:13
escaped. and fled, and went, he and window: a through down David let Michal So 1Sam.19:12
slain. be shalt thou morrow to night, to life thy not save thou If saying, him, told wife David's Michal and morning: the in him slay to and him, watch to house, David's unto messengers sent also Saul 1Sam.19:11
night. that escaped and fled, David and wall: the into javelin the smote he and presence, Saul's of out away slipped he but javelin: the with wall the to even David smite to sought Saul And 1Sam.19:10
hand. his with played David and hand: his in javelin his with house his in sat he as Saul, upon was Lord the from spirit evil the And 1Sam.19:9
him. from fled they and slaughter; great a with them slew and Philistines, the with fought and out, went David and again: war was there And 1Sam.19:8
past. times in as presence, his in was he and Saul, to David brought Jonathan And things. those all him shewed Jonathan and David, called Jonathan And 1Sam.19:7
slain. be not shall he liveth, Lord the As sware, Saul and Jonathan: of voice the unto hearkened Saul And 1Sam.19:6
cause? a without David slay to blood, innocent against sin thou wilt then wherefore rejoice: didst and it, sawest thou Israel: all for salvation great a wrought Lord the and Philistine, the slew and hand, his in life his put did he For 1Sam.19:5
good: very thee-ward to been have works his because and thee, against sinned not hath he because David; against servant, his against sin king the not Let him, unto said and father, his Saul unto David of good spake Jonathan And 1Sam.19:4
thee. tell will I that see, I what and thee; of father my with commune will I and art, thou where field the in father my beside stand and out go will I And 1Sam.19:3
thyself: hide and place, secret a in abide and morning, the until thyself to heed take thee, pray I therefore, now thee: kill to seeketh father my Saul saying, David, told Jonathan and David: in much delighted son Saul's Jonathan But 1Sam.19:2
David. kill should they that servants, his all to and son, his Jonathan to spake Saul And 1Sam.19:1
by. set much was name his that so Saul; of servants the all than wisely more himself behaved David that forth, went they after pass, to came it and forth: went Philistines the of princes the Then 1Sam.18:30
continually. enemy David's became Saul and David; of afraid more the yet was Saul And 1Sam.18:29
him. loved daughter Saul's Michal that and David, with was Lord the that knew and saw Saul And 1Sam.18:28
wife. to daughter his Michal him gave Saul And law. in son king's the be might he that king, the to tale full in them gave they and foreskins, their brought David and men; hundred two Philistines the of slew and men, his and he went, and arose David Wherefore 1Sam.18:27
expired. not were days the and law: in son king's the be to well David pleased it words, these David told servants his when And 1Sam.18:26
Philistines. the of hand the by fall David make to thought Saul But enemies. king's the of avenged be to Philistines, the of foreskins hundred an but dowry, any not desireth king The David, to say ye shall Thus said, Saul And 1Sam.18:25
David. spake manner this On saying, him, told Saul of servants the And 1Sam.18:24
esteemed? lightly and man, poor a am I that seeing law, in son king's a be to thing light a you to it Seemeth said, David And David. of ears the in words those spake servants Saul's And 1Sam.18:23
law. in son king's the be therefore now thee: love servants his all and thee, in delight hath king the Behold, say, and secretly, David with Commune saying, servants, his commanded Saul And 1Sam.18:22
twain. the of one the in law in son my be day this shalt Thou David, to said Saul Wherefore him. against be may Philistines the of hand the that and him, to snare a be may she that her, him give will I said, Saul And 1Sam.18:21
him. pleased thing the and Saul, told they and David: loved daughter Saul's Michal And 1Sam.18:20
wife. to Meholathite the Adriel unto given was she that David, to given been have should daughter Saul's Merab when time the at pass to came it But 1Sam.18:19
king? the to law in son be should I that Israel, in family father's my or life, my is what and I? am Who Saul, unto said David And 1Sam.18:18
him. upon be Philistines the of hand the let but him, upon be hand mine not Let said, Saul For battles. 's Lord the fight and me, for valiant thou be only wife: to thee give I will her Merab, daughter elder my Behold David, to said Saul And 1Sam.18:17
them. before in came and out went he because David, loved Judah and Israel all But 1Sam.18:16
him. of afraid was he wisely, very himself behaved he that saw Saul when Wherefore 1Sam.18:15
him. with was Lord the and ways; his all in wisely himself behaved David And 1Sam.18:14
people. the before in came and out went he and thousand; a over captain his him made and him, from him removed Saul Therefore 1Sam.18:13
Saul. from departed was and him, with was Lord the because David, of afraid was Saul And 1Sam.18:12
twice. presence his of out avoided David And it. with wall the to even David smite will I said, he for javelin; the cast Saul And 1Sam.18:11
hand. Saul's in javelin a was there and times: other at as hand, his with played David and house: the of midst the in prophesied he and Saul, upon came God from spirit evil the that morrow, the on pass to came it And 1Sam.18:10
forward. and day that from David eyed Saul And 1Sam.18:9
kingdom? the but more have he can what and thousands: but ascribed have they me to and thousands, ten David unto ascribed have They said, he and him; displeased saying the and wroth, very was Saul And 1Sam.18:8
thousands. ten his David and thousands, his slain hath Saul said, and played, they as another one answered women the And 1Sam.18:7
musick. of instruments with and joy, with tabrets, with Saul, king meet to dancing, and singing Israel, of cities all of out came women the that Philistine, the of slaughter the from returned was David when came, they as pass to came it And 1Sam.18:6
servants. Saul's of sight the in also and people, the all of sight the in accepted was he and war, of men the over him set Saul and wisely: himself behaved and him, sent Saul whithersoever out went David And 1Sam.18:5
girdle. his to and bow, his to and sword, his to even garments, his and David, to it gave and him, upon was that robe the of himself stripped Jonathan And 1Sam.18:4
soul. own his as him loved he because covenant, a made David and Jonathan Then 1Sam.18:3
house. father's his to home more no go him let would and day, that him took Saul And 1Sam.18:2
soul. own his as him loved Jonathan and David, of soul the with knit was Jonathan of soul the that Saul, unto speaking of end an made had he when pass, to came it And 1Sam.18:1
Bethlehemite. the Jesse servant thy of son the am I answered, David And man? young thou thou, art son Whose him, to said Saul And 1Sam.17:58
hand. his in Philistine the of head the with Saul before him brought and him, took Abner Philistine, the of slaughter the from returned David as And 1Sam.17:57
is. stripling the son whose thou Enquire said, king the And 1Sam.17:56
tell. cannot I king, O liveth, soul thy As said, Abner And youth? this is son whose Abner, host, the of captain the Abner, unto said he Philistine, the against forth go David saw Saul when And 1Sam.17:55
tent. his in armour his put he but Jerusalem; to it brought and Philistine, the of head the took David And 1Sam.17:54
tents. their spoiled they and Philistines, the after chasing from returned Israel of children the And 1Sam.17:53
Ekron. unto and Gath, unto even Shaaraim, to way the by down fell Philistines the of wounded the And Ekron. of gates the to and valley, the to come thou until Philistines, the pursued and shouted, and arose, Judah of and Israel of men the And 1Sam.17:52
fled. they dead, was champion their saw Philistines the when And therewith. head his off cut and him, slew and thereof, sheath the of out it drew and sword, his took and Philistine, the upon stood and ran, David Therefore 1Sam.17:51
David. of hand the in sword no was there but him; slew and Philistine, the smote and stone, a with and sling a with Philistine the over prevailed David So 1Sam.17:50
earth. the to face his upon fell he and forehead; his into sunk stone the that forehead, his in Philistine the smote and it, slang and stone, a thence took and bag, his in hand his put David And 1Sam.17:49
Philistine. the meet to army the toward ran and hastened, David that David, meet to nigh drew and came, and arose, Philistine the when pass, to came it And 1Sam.17:48
hands. our into you give will he and 's, Lord the is battle the for spear: and sword with not saveth Lord the that know shall assembly this all And 1Sam.17:47
Israel. in God a is there that know may earth the all that earth; the of beasts wild the to and air, the of fowls the unto day this Philistines the of host the of carcases the give will I and thee; from head thine take and thee, smite will I and hand; mine into thee deliver Lord the will day This 1Sam.17:46
defied. hast thou whom Israel, of armies the of God the hosts, of Lord the of name the in thee to come I but shield: a with and spear, a with and sword, a with me to comest Thou Philistine, the to David said Then 1Sam.17:45
field. the of beasts the to and air, the of fowls the unto flesh thy give will I and me, to Come David, to said Philistine the And 1Sam.17:44
gods. his by David cursed Philistine the And staves? with me to comest thou that dog, a I Am David, unto said Philistine the And 1Sam.17:43
countenance. fair a of and ruddy, and youth, a but was he for him: disdained he David, saw and about, looked Philistine the when And 1Sam.17:42
him. before went shield the bare that man the and David; unto near drew and on came Philistine the And 1Sam.17:41
Philistine. the to near drew he and hand: his in was sling his and scrip; a in even had, he which bag shepherd's a in them put and brook, the of out stones smooth five him chose and hand, his in staff his took he And 1Sam.17:40
him. off them put David And them. proved not have I for these; with go cannot I Saul, unto said David And it. proved not had he for go; to assayed he and armour, his upon sword his girded David And 1Sam.17:39
mail. of coat a with him armed he also head; his upon brass of helmet an put he and armour, his with David armed Saul And 1Sam.17:38
thee. with be Lord the and Go, David, unto said Saul And Philistine. this of hand the of out me deliver will he bear, the of paw the of out and lion, the of paw the of out me delivered that Lord The moreover, said David 1Sam.17:37
God. living the of armies the defied hath he seeing them, of one as be shall Philistine uncircumcised this and bear: the and lion the both slew servant Thy 1Sam.17:36
him. slew and him, smote and beard, his by him caught I me, against arose he when and mouth: his of out it delivered and him, smote and him, after out went I And 1Sam.17:35
flock: the of out lamb a took and bear, a and lion, a came there and sheep, father's his kept servant Thy Saul, unto said David And 1Sam.17:34
youth. his from war of man a he and youth, a but art thou for him: with fight to Philistine this against go to able not art Thou David, to said Saul And 1Sam.17:33
Philistine. this with fight and go will servant thy him; of because fail heart man's no Let Saul, to said David And 1Sam.17:32
him. for sent he and Saul: before them rehearsed they spake, David which heard were words the when And 1Sam.17:31
manner. former the after again him answered people the and manner: same the after spake and another, toward him from turned he And 1Sam.17:30
cause? a not there Is done? now I have What said, David And 1Sam.17:29
battle. the see mightest thou that down come art thou for heart; thine of naughtiness the and pride, thy know I wilderness? the in sheep few those left thou hast whom with and hither? down thou camest Why said, he and David, against kindled was anger Eliab's and men; the unto spake he when heard brother eldest his Eliab And 1Sam.17:28
him. killeth that man the to done be it shall So saying, manner, this after him answered people the And 1Sam.17:27
God? living the of armies the defy should he that Philistine, uncircumcised this is who for Israel? from reproach the away taketh and Philistine, this killeth that man the to done be shall What saying, him, by stood that men the to spake David And 1Sam.17:26
Israel. in free house father's his make and daughter, his him give will and riches, great with him enrich will king the him, killeth who man the that be, shall it and up: come he is Israel defy to surely up? come is that man this seen ye Have said, Israel of men the And 1Sam.17:25
afraid. sore were and him, from fled man, the saw they when Israel, of men the all And 1Sam.17:24
them. heard David and words: same the to according spake and Philistines, the of armies the of out name, by Goliath Gath, of Philistine the champion, the up came there behold, them, with talked he as And 1Sam.17:23
brethren. his saluted and came and army, the into ran and carriage, the of keeper the of hand the in carriage his left David And 1Sam.17:22
army. against army array, in battle the put had Philistines the and Israel For 1Sam.17:21
battle. the for shouted and fight, the to forth going was host the as trench, the to came he and him; commanded had Jesse as went, and took, and keeper, a with sheep the left and morning, the in early up rose David And 1Sam.17:20
Philistines. the with fighting Elah, of valley the in were Israel, of men the all and they, and Saul, Now 1Sam.17:19
pledge. their take and fare, brethren thy how look and thousand, their of captain the unto cheeses ten these carry And 1Sam.17:18
brethren; thy of camp the to run and loaves, ten these and corn, parched this of ephah an brethren thy for now Take son, his David unto said Jesse And 1Sam.17:17
days. forty himself presented and evening, and morning near drew Philistine the And 1Sam.17:16
Bethlehem. at sheep father's his feed to Saul from returned and went David But 1Sam.17:15
Saul. followed eldest three the and youngest: the was David And 1Sam.17:14
Shammah. third the and Abinadab, him unto next and firstborn, the Eliab were battle the to went that sons three his of names the and battle: the to Saul followed and went Jesse of sons eldest three the And 1Sam.17:13
Saul. of days the in man old an for men among went man the and sons: eight had he and Jesse; was name whose Bethlehemjudah, of Ephrathite that of son the was David Now 1Sam.17:12
afraid. greatly and dismayed, were they Philistine, the of words those heard Israel all and Saul When 1Sam.17:11
together. fight may we that man, a me give day; this Israel of armies the defy I said, Philistine the And 1Sam.17:10
us. serve and servants, our be ye shall then him, kill and him, against prevail I if but servants: your be we will then me, kill to and me, with fight to able be he If 1Sam.17:9
me. to down come him let and you, for man a you choose Saul? to servants ye and Philistine, a I not am array? in battle your set to out come ye are Why them, unto said and Israel, of armies the unto cried and stood he And 1Sam.17:8
him. before went shield a bearing one and iron: of shekels hundred six weighed head spear's his and beam; weaver's a like was spear his of staff the And 1Sam.17:7
shoulders. his between brass of target a and legs, his upon brass of greaves had he And 1Sam.17:6
brass. of shekels thousand five was coat the of weight the and mail; of coat a with armed was he and head, his upon brass of helmet an had he And 1Sam.17:5
span. a and cubits six was height whose Gath, of Goliath, named Philistines, the of camp the of out champion a out went there And 1Sam.17:4
them. between valley a was there and side: other the on mountain a on stood Israel and side, one the on mountain a on stood Philistines the And 1Sam.17:3
Philistines. the against array in battle the set and Elah, of valley the by pitched and together, gathered were Israel of men the and Saul And 1Sam.17:2
Ephesdammim. in Azekah, and Shochoh between pitched and Judah, to belongeth which Shochoh, at together gathered were and battle, to armies their together gathered Philistines the Now 1Sam.17:1
him. from departed spirit evil the and well, was and refreshed, was Saul so hand: his with played and harp, an took David that Saul, upon was God from spirit evil the when pass, to came it And 1Sam.16:23
sight. my in favour found hath he for me; before stand thee, pray I David, Let saying, Jesse, to sent Saul And 1Sam.16:22
armourbearer. his became he and greatly; him loved he and him: before stood and Saul, to came David And 1Sam.16:21
Saul. unto son his David by them sent and kid, a and wine, of bottle a and bread, with laden ass an took Jesse And 1Sam.16:20
sheep. the with is which son, thy David me Send said, and Jesse, unto messengers sent Saul Wherefore 1Sam.16:19
him. with is Lord the and person, comely a and matters, in prudent and war, of man a and man, valiant mighty a and playing, in cunning is that Bethlehemite, the Jesse of son a seen have I Behold, said, and servants, the of one answered Then 1Sam.16:18
me. to him bring and well, play can that man a now me Provide servants, his unto said Saul And 1Sam.16:17
well. be shalt thou and hand, his with play shall he that thee, upon is God from spirit evil the when pass, to come shall it and harp: an on player cunning a is who man, a out seek to thee, before are which servants, thy command now lord our Let 1Sam.16:16
thee. troubleth God from spirit evil an now, Behold him, unto said servants Saul's And 1Sam.16:15
him. troubled Lord the from spirit evil an and Saul, from departed Lord the of Spirit the But 1Sam.16:14
Ramah. to went and up, rose Samuel So forward. day that from David upon came Lord the of Spirit the and brethren: his of midst the in him anointed and oil, of horn the took Samuel Then 1Sam.16:13
he. is this for him: anoint Arise, said, Lord the And to. look to goodly and countenance, beautiful a of withal and ruddy, was he Now in. him brought and sent, he And 1Sam.16:12
hither. come he till down sit not will we for him: fetch and Send Jesse, unto said Samuel And sheep. the keepeth he behold, and, youngest, the yet remaineth There said, he And children? thy all here Are Jesse, unto said Samuel And 1Sam.16:11
these. chosen not hath Lord The Jesse, unto said Samuel And Samuel. before pass to sons his of seven made Jesse Again, 1Sam.16:10
this. chosen Lord the hath Neither said, he And by. pass to Shammah made Jesse Then 1Sam.16:9
this. chosen Lord the hath Neither said, he And Samuel. before pass him made and Abinadab, called Jesse Then 1Sam.16:8
heart. the on looketh Lord the but appearance, outward the on looketh man for seeth; man as not seeth Lord the for him: refused have I because stature; his of height the on or countenance, his on not Look Samuel, unto said Lord the But 1Sam.16:7
him. before is anointed 's Lord the Surely said, and Eliab, on looked he that come, were they when pass, to came it And 1Sam.16:6
sacrifice. the to them called and sons, his and Jesse sanctified he And sacrifice. the to me with come and yourselves, sanctify : Lord the unto sacrifice to come am I Peaceably: said, he And 1Sam.16:5
peaceably? thou Comest said, and coming, his at trembled town the of elders the And Bethlehem. to came and spake, Lord the which that did Samuel And 1Sam.16:4
thee. unto name I whom him me unto anoint shalt thou and do: shalt thou what thee shew will I and sacrifice, the to Jesse call And 1Sam.16:3
. Lord the to sacrifice to come am I say, and thee, with heifer an Take said, Lord the And me. kill will he it, hear Saul if go? I can How said, Samuel And 1Sam.16:2
sons. his among king a me provided have I for Bethlehemite: the Jesse to thee send will I go, and oil, with horn thine fill Israel? over reigning from him rejected have I seeing Saul, for mourn thou wilt long How Samuel, unto said Lord the And 1Sam.16:1
Israel. over king Saul made had he that repented Lord the and Saul: for mourned Samuel nevertheless death: his of day the until Saul see to more no came Samuel And 1Sam.15:35
Saul. of Gibeah to house his to up went Saul and Ramah; to went Samuel Then 1Sam.15:34
Gilgal. in Lord the before pieces in Agag hewed Samuel And women. among childless be mother thy shall so childless, women made hath sword thy As said, Samuel And 1Sam.15:33
past. is death of bitterness the Surely said, Agag And delicately. him unto came Agag And Amalekites. the of king the Agag me to hither ye Bring Samuel, said Then 1Sam.15:32
. Lord the worshipped Saul and Saul; after again turned Samuel So 1Sam.15:31
God. thy Lord the worship may I that me, with again turn and Israel, before and people, my of elders the before thee, pray I now, me honour yet sinned: have I said, he Then 1Sam.15:30
repent. should he that man, a not is he for repent: nor lie not will Israel of Strength the also And 1Sam.15:29
thou. than better is that thine, of neighbour a to it given hath and day, this thee from Israel of kingdom the rent hath Lord The him, unto said Samuel And 1Sam.15:28
rent. it and mantle, his of skirt the upon hold laid he away, go to about turned Samuel as And 1Sam.15:27
Israel. over king being from thee rejected hath Lord the and , Lord the of word the rejected hast thou for thee: with return not will I Saul, unto said Samuel And 1Sam.15:26
. Lord the worship may I that me, with again turn and sin, my pardon thee, pray I therefore, Now 1Sam.15:25
voice. their obeyed and people, the feared I because words: thy and , Lord the of commandment the transgressed have I for sinned: have I Samuel, unto said Saul And 1Sam.15:24
king. being from thee rejected also hath he , Lord the of word the rejected hast thou Because idolatry. and iniquity as is stubbornness and witchcraft, of sin the as is rebellion For 1Sam.15:23
rams. of fat the than hearken to and sacrifice, than better is obey to Behold, ? Lord the of voice the obeying in as sacrifices, and offerings burnt in delight great as Lord the Hath said, Samuel And 1Sam.15:22
Gilgal. in God thy Lord the unto sacrifice to destroyed, utterly been have should which things the of chief the oxen, and sheep spoil, the of took people the But 1Sam.15:21
Amalekites. the destroyed utterly have and Amalek, of king the Agag brought have and me, sent Lord the which way the gone have and , Lord the of voice the obeyed have I Yea, Samuel, unto said Saul And 1Sam.15:20
? Lord the of sight the in evil didst and spoil, the upon fly didst but , Lord the of voice the obey not thou didst then Wherefore 1Sam.15:19
consumed. be they until them against fight and Amalekites, the sinners the destroy utterly and Go said, and journey, a on thee sent Lord the And 1Sam.15:18
Israel? over king thee anointed Lord the and Israel, of tribes the of head the made not thou wast sight, own thine in little wast thou When said, Samuel And 1Sam.15:17
on. Say him, unto said he And night. this me to said hath Lord the what thee tell will I and Stay, Saul, unto said Samuel Then 1Sam.15:16
destroyed. utterly have we rest the and God; thy Lord the unto sacrifice to oxen, the of and sheep the of best the spared people the for Amalekites: the from them brought have They said, Saul And 1Sam.15:15
hear? I which oxen the of lowing the and ears, mine in sheep the of bleating this then meaneth What said, Samuel And 1Sam.15:14
. Lord the of commandment the performed have I : Lord the of thou be Blessed him, unto said Saul and Saul: to came Samuel And 1Sam.15:13
Gilgal. to down gone and on, passed and about, gone is and place, a up him set he behold, and, Carmel, to came Saul saying, Samuel, told was it morning, the in Saul meet to early rose Samuel when And 1Sam.15:12
night. all Lord the unto cried he and Samuel; grieved it And commandments. my performed not hath and me, following from back turned is he for king: be to Saul up set have I that me repenteth It 1Sam.15:11
saying, Samuel, unto Lord the of word the came Then 1Sam.15:10
utterly. destroyed they that refuse, and vile was that thing every but them: destroy utterly not would and good, was that all and lambs, the and fatlings, the of and oxen, the of and sheep, the of best the and Agag, spared people the and Saul But 1Sam.15:9
sword. the of edge the with people the all destroyed utterly and alive, Amalekites the of king the Agag took he And 1Sam.15:8
Egypt. against over is that Shur, to comest thou until Havilah from Amalekites the smote Saul And 1Sam.15:7
Amalekites. the among from departed Kenites the So Egypt. of out up came they when Israel, of children the all to kindness shewed ye for them: with you destroy I lest Amalekites, the among from down you get depart, Go, Kenites, the unto said Saul And 1Sam.15:6
valley. the in wait laid and Amalek, of city a to came Saul And 1Sam.15:5
Judah. of men thousand ten and footmen, thousand hundred two Telaim, in them numbered and together, people the gathered Saul And 1Sam.15:4
ass. and camel sheep, and ox suckling, and infant woman, and man both slay but not; them spare and have, they that all destroy utterly and Amalek, smite and go Now 1Sam.15:3
Egypt. from up came he when way, the in him for wait laid he how Israel, to did Amalek which that remember I hosts, of Lord the saith Thus 1Sam.15:2
. Lord the of words the of voice the unto thou hearken therefore now Israel: over people, his over king be to thee anoint to me sent Lord The Saul, unto said also Samuel 1Sam.15:1
him. unto him took he man, valiant any or man, strong any saw Saul when and Saul: of days the all Philistines the against war sore was there And 1Sam.14:52
Abiel. of son the was Abner of father the Ner and Saul; of father the was Kish And 1Sam.14:51
uncle. Saul's Ner, of son the Abner, was host his of captain the of name the and Ahimaaz: of daughter the Ahinoam, was wife Saul's of name the And 1Sam.14:50
Michal: younger the of name the and Merab, firstborn the of name the these; were daughters two his of names the and Melchishua: and Ishui, and Jonathan, were Saul of sons the Now 1Sam.14:49
them. spoiled that them of hands the of out Israel delivered and Amalekites, the smote and host, an gathered he And 1Sam.14:48
them. vexed he himself, turned he whithersoever and Philistines: the against and Zobah, of kings the against and Edom, against and Ammon, of children the against and Moab, against side, every on enemies his all against fought and Israel, over kingdom the took Saul So 1Sam.14:47
place. own their to went Philistines the and Philistines: the following from up went Saul Then 1Sam.14:46
not. died he that Jonathan, rescued people the So day. this God with wrought hath he for ground; the to fall head his of hair one not shall there liveth, Lord the as forbid: God Israel? in salvation great this wrought hath who die, Jonathan Shall Saul, unto said people the And 1Sam.14:45
Jonathan. die, surely shalt thou for also: more and so do God answered, Saul And 1Sam.14:44
die. must I lo, and, hand, mine in was that rod the of end the with honey little a taste but did I said, and him, told Jonathan And done. hast thou what me Tell Jonathan, to said Saul Then 1Sam.14:43
taken. was Jonathan And son. my Jonathan and me between lots Cast said, Saul And 1Sam.14:42
escaped. people the but taken: were Jonathan and Saul And lot. perfect a Give Israel, of God Lord the unto said Saul Therefore 1Sam.14:41
thee. unto good seemeth what Do Saul, unto said people the And side. other the on be will son my Jonathan and I and side, one on ye Be Israel, all unto he said Then 1Sam.14:40
him. answered that people the all among man a not was there But die. surely shall he son, my Jonathan in be it though Israel, saveth which liveth, Lord the as For, 1Sam.14:39
day. this been hath sin this wherein see and know and people: the of chief the all hither, near ye Draw said, Saul And 1Sam.14:38
day. that not him answered he But Israel? of hand the into them deliver thou wilt Philistines? the after down go I Shall God, of counsel asked Saul And 1Sam.14:37
God. unto hither near draw us Let priest, the said Then thee. unto good seemeth whatsoever Do said, they And them. of man a leave not us let and light, morning the until them spoil and night, by Philistines the after down go us Let said, Saul And 1Sam.14:36
. Lord the unto built he that altar first the was same the : Lord the unto altar an built Saul And 1Sam.14:35
there. them slew and night, that him with ox his man every brought people the all And blood. the with eating in Lord the against not sin and eat; and here, them slay and sheep, his man every and ox, his man every hither me Bring them, unto say and people, the among yourselves Disperse said, Saul And 1Sam.14:34
day. this me unto stone great a roll transgressed: have Ye said, he And blood. the with eat they that in , Lord the against sin people the Behold, saying, Saul, told they Then 1Sam.14:33
blood. the with them eat did people the and ground: the on them slew and calves, and oxen, and sheep, took and spoil, the upon flew people the And 1Sam.14:32
faint. very were people the and Aijalon: to Michmash from day that Philistines the smote they And 1Sam.14:31
Philistines? the among slaughter greater much a now been not there had for found? they which enemies their of spoil the of day to freely eaten had people the haply if more, much How 1Sam.14:30
honey. this of little a tasted I because enlightened, been have eyes mine how you, pray I see, land: the troubled hath father My Jonathan, said Then 1Sam.14:29
faint. were people the And day. this food any eateth that man the be Cursed saying, oath, an with people the charged straitly father Thy said, and people, the of one answered Then 1Sam.14:28
enlightened. were eyes his and mouth; his to hand his put and honeycomb, an in it dipped and hand, his in was that rod the of end the forth put he wherefore oath: the with people the charged father his when not heard Jonathan But 1Sam.14:27
oath. the feared people the for mouth: his to hand his put man no but dropped; honey the behold, wood, the into come were people the when And 1Sam.14:26
ground. the upon honey was there and wood; a to came land the of they all And 1Sam.14:25
food. any tasted people the of none So enemies. mine on avenged be may I that evening, until food any eateth that man the be Cursed saying, people, the adjured had Saul for day: that distressed were Israel of men the And 1Sam.14:24
Bethaven. unto over passed battle the and day: that Israel saved Lord the So 1Sam.14:23
battle. the in them after hard followed also they even fled, Philistines the that heard they when Ephraim, mount in themselves hid had which Israel of men the all Likewise 1Sam.14:22
Jonathan. and Saul with were that Israelites the with be to turned also they even about, round country the from camp the into them with up went which time, that before Philistines the with were that Hebrews the Moreover 1Sam.14:21
discomfiture. great very a was there and fellow, his against was sword man's every behold, and, battle: the to came they and themselves, assembled him with were that people the all and Saul And 1Sam.14:20
hand. thine Withdraw priest, the unto said Saul and increased: and on went Philistines the of host the in was that noise the that priest, the unto talked Saul while pass, to came it And 1Sam.14:19
Israel. of children the with time that at was God of ark the For God. of ark the hither Bring Ahiah, unto said Saul And 1Sam.14:18
there. not were armourbearer his and Jonathan behold, numbered, had they when And us. from gone is who see and now, Number him, with were that people the unto Saul said Then 1Sam.14:17
another. one down beating on went they and away, melted multitude the behold, and, looked; Benjamin of Gibeah in Saul of watchmen the And 1Sam.14:16
trembling. great very a was it so quaked: earth the and trembled, also they spoilers, the and garrison, the people: the all among and field, the in host, the in trembling was there And 1Sam.14:15
plow. might oxen of yoke a which land, of acre half an were it as within men, twenty about was made, armourbearer his and Jonathan which slaughter, first that And 1Sam.14:14
him. after slew armourbearer his and Jonathan; before fell they and him: after armourbearer his and feet, his upon and hands his upon up climbed Jonathan And 1Sam.14:13
Israel. of hand the into them delivered hath Lord the for me: after up Come armourbearer, his unto said Jonathan And thing. a you shew will we and us, to up Come said, and armourbearer, his and Jonathan answered garrison the of men the And 1Sam.14:12
themselves. hid had they where holes the of out forth come Hebrews the Behold, said, Philistines the and Philistines: the of garrison the unto themselves discovered them of both And 1Sam.14:11
us. unto sign a be shall this and hand: our into them delivered hath Lord the for up: go will we then us; unto up Come thus, say they if But 1Sam.14:10
them. unto up go not will and place, our in still stand will we then you; to come we until Tarry us, unto thus say they If 1Sam.14:9
them. unto ourselves discover will we and men, these unto over pass will we Behold, Jonathan, said Then 1Sam.14:8
heart. thy to according thee with am I behold, thee; turn heart: thine in is that all Do him, unto said armourbearer his And 1Sam.14:7
few. by or many by save to Lord the to restraint no is there for us: for work will Lord the that be may it uncircumcised: these of garrison the unto over go us let and Come, armour, his bare that man young the to said Jonathan And 1Sam.14:6
Gibeah. against over southward other the and Michmash, against over northward situate was one the of forefront The 1Sam.14:5
Seneh. other the of name the and Bozez, was one the of name the and side: other the on rock sharp a and side, one the on rock sharp a was there garrison, Philistines' the unto over go to sought Jonathan which by passages, the between And 1Sam.14:4
gone. was Jonathan that not knew people the And ephod. an wearing Shiloh, in priest 's Lord the Eli, of son the Phinehas, of son the brother, Ichabod's Ahitub, of son the Ahiah, And 1Sam.14:3
men; hundred six about were him with were that people the and Migron: in is which tree pomegranate a under Gibeah of part uttermost the in tarried Saul And 1Sam.14:2
father. his not told he But side. other the on is that garrison, Philistines' the to over go us let and Come, armour, his bare that man young the unto said Saul of son the Jonathan that day, a upon pass to came it Now 1Sam.14:1
Michmash. of passage the to out went Philistines the of garrison the And 1Sam.13:23
found. there was son his Jonathan with and Saul with but Jonathan: and Saul with were that people the of any of hand the in found spear nor sword neither was there that battle, of day the in pass to came it So 1Sam.13:22
goads. the sharpen to and axes, the for and forks, the for and coulters, the for and mattocks, the for file a had they Yet 1Sam.13:21
mattock. his and axe, his and coulter, his and share, his man every sharpen to Philistines, the to down went Israelites the all But 1Sam.13:20
spears: or swords them make Hebrews the Lest said, Philistines the for Israel: of land the all throughout found smith no was there Now 1Sam.13:19
wilderness. the toward Zeboim of valley the to looketh that border the of way the to turned company another and Bethhoron: to way the turned company another And 1Sam.13:18
Shual: of land the unto Ophrah, to leadeth that way the unto turned company one companies: three in Philistines the of camp the of out came spoilers the And 1Sam.13:17
Michmash. in encamped Philistines the but Benjamin: of Gibeah in abode them, with present were that people the and son, his Jonathan and Saul, And 1Sam.13:16
men. hundred six about him, with present were that people the numbered Saul And Benjamin. of Gibeah unto Gilgal from up him gat and arose, Samuel And 1Sam.13:15
thee. commanded Lord the which that kept not hast thou because people, his over captain be to him commanded hath Lord the and heart, own his after man a him sought hath Lord the continue: not shall kingdom thy now But 1Sam.13:14
ever. for Israel upon kingdom thy established have Lord the would now for thee: commanded he which God, thy Lord the of commandment the kept not hast thou foolishly: done hast Thou Saul, to said Samuel And 1Sam.13:13
offering. burnt a offered and therefore, myself forced I : Lord the unto supplication made not have I and Gilgal, to me upon now down come will Philistines The I, said Therefore 1Sam.13:12
Michmash; at together themselves gathered Philistines the that and appointed, days the within not camest thou that and me, from scattered were people the that saw I Because said, Saul And done? thou hast What said, Samuel And 1Sam.13:11
him. salute might he that him, meet to out went Saul and came; Samuel behold, offering, burnt the offering of end an made had he as soon as that pass, to came it And 1Sam.13:10
offering. burnt the offered he And offerings. peace and me, to offering burnt a hither Bring said, Saul And 1Sam.13:9
him. from scattered were people the and Gilgal; to not came Samuel but appointed: had Samuel that time set the to according days, seven tarried he And 1Sam.13:8
trembling. him followed people the all and Gilgal, in yet was he Saul, for As Gilead. and Gad of land the to Jordan over went Hebrews the of some And 1Sam.13:7
pits. in and places, high in and rocks, in and thickets, in and caves, in themselves hide did people the then distressed,) were people the (for strait, a in were they that saw Israel of men the When 1Sam.13:6
Bethaven. from eastward Michmash, in pitched and up, came they and multitude: in shore sea the on is which sand the as people and horsemen, thousand six and chariots, thousand thirty Israel, with fight to together themselves gathered Philistines the And 1Sam.13:5
Gilgal. to Saul after together called were people the And Philistines. the with abomination in had was also Israel that and Philistines, the of garrison a smitten had Saul that say heard Israel all And 1Sam.13:4
hear. Hebrews the Let saying, land, the all throughout trumpet the blew Saul And it. of heard Philistines the and Geba, in was that Philistines the of garrison the smote Jonathan And 1Sam.13:3
tent. his to man every sent he people the of rest the and Benjamin: of Gibeah in Jonathan with were thousand a and Bethel, mount in and Michmash in Saul with were thousand two whereof Israel; of men thousand three him chose Saul 1Sam.13:2
Israel, over years two reigned had he when and year; one reigned Saul 1Sam.13:1
king. your and ye both consumed, be shall ye wickedly, do still shall ye if But 1Sam.12:25
you. for done hath he things great how consider for heart: your all with truth in him serve and , Lord the fear Only 1Sam.12:24
way: right the and good the you teach will I but you: for pray to ceasing in Lord the against sin should I that forbid God me, for as Moreover 1Sam.12:23
people. his you make to Lord the pleased hath it because sake: name's great his for people his forsake not will Lord the For 1Sam.12:22
vain. are they for deliver; nor profit cannot which things, vain after go ye should then for aside: not ye turn And 1Sam.12:21
heart; your all with Lord the serve but , Lord the following from aside not turn yet wickedness: this all done have ye not: Fear people, the unto said Samuel And 1Sam.12:20
king. a us ask to evil, this sins our all unto added have we for not: die we that God, thy Lord the unto servants thy for Pray Samuel, unto said people the all And 1Sam.12:19
Samuel. and Lord the feared greatly people the all and day: that rain and thunder sent Lord the and ; Lord the unto called Samuel So 1Sam.12:18
king. a you asking in , Lord the of sight the in done have ye which great, is wickedness your that see and perceive may ye that rain; and thunder send shall he and , Lord the unto call will I day? to harvest wheat not it Is 1Sam.12:17
eyes. your before do will Lord the which thing, great this see and stand therefore Now 1Sam.12:16
fathers. your against was it as you, against be Lord the of hand the shall then , Lord the of commandment the against rebel but , Lord the of voice the obey not will ye if But 1Sam.12:15
God: your Lord the following continue you over reigneth that king the also and ye both shall then , Lord the of commandment the against rebel not and voice, his obey and him, serve and , Lord the fear will ye If 1Sam.12:14
you. over king a set hath Lord the behold, and, desired! have ye whom and chosen, have ye whom king the behold therefore Now 1Sam.12:13
king. your was God your Lord the when us: over reign shall king a but Nay; me, unto said ye you, against came Ammon of children the of king the Nahash that saw ye when And 1Sam.12:12
safe. dwelled ye and side, every on enemies your of hand the of out you delivered and Samuel, and Jephthah, and Bedan, and Jerubbaal, sent Lord the And 1Sam.12:11
thee. serve will we and enemies, our of hand the of out us deliver now but Ashtaroth: and Baalim served have and , Lord the forsaken have we because sinned, have We said, and , Lord the unto cried they And 1Sam.12:10
them. against fought they and Moab, of king the of hand the into and Philistines, the of hand the into and Hazor, of host the of captain Sisera, of hand the into them sold he God, their Lord the forgat they when And 1Sam.12:9
place. this in dwell them made and Egypt, of out fathers your forth brought which Aaron, and Moses sent Lord the then , Lord the unto cried fathers your and Egypt, into come was Jacob When 1Sam.12:8
fathers. your to and you to did he which , Lord the of acts righteous the all of Lord the before you with reason may I that still, stand therefore Now 1Sam.12:7
Egypt. of land the of out up fathers your brought that and Aaron, and Moses advanced that Lord the is It people, the unto said Samuel And 1Sam.12:6
witness. is He answered, they And hand. my in ought found not have ye that day, this witness is anointed his and you, against witness is Lord The them, unto said he And 1Sam.12:5
hand. man's any of ought taken thou hast neither us, oppressed nor us, defrauded not hast Thou said, they And 1Sam.12:4
you. it restore will I and therewith? eyes mine blind to bribe any received I have hand whose of or oppressed? I have whom defrauded? I have whom or taken? I have ass whose or taken? I have ox whose anointed: his before and , Lord the before me against witness am: I here Behold, 1Sam.12:3
day. this unto childhood my from you before walked have I and you: with are sons my behold, and, grayheaded; and old am I and you: before walketh king the behold, now, And 1Sam.12:2
you. over king a made have and me, unto said ye that all in voice your unto hearkened have I Behold, Israel, all unto said Samuel And 1Sam.12:1
greatly. rejoiced Israel of men the all and Saul there and ; Lord the before offerings peace of sacrifices sacrificed they there and Gilgal; in Lord the before king Saul made they there and Gilgal; to went people the all And 1Sam.11:15
there. kingdom the renew and Gilgal, to go us let and Come, people, the to Samuel said Then 1Sam.11:14
Israel. in salvation wrought hath Lord the day to for day: this death to put be man a not shall There said, Saul And 1Sam.11:13
death. to them put may we that men, the bring us? over reign Saul Shall said, that he is Who Samuel, unto said people the And 1Sam.11:12
together. left not were them of two that so scattered, were remained which they that pass, to came it and day: the of heat the until Ammonites the slew and watch, morning the in host the of midst the into came they and companies; three in people the put Saul that morrow, the on so was it And 1Sam.11:11
you. unto good seemeth that all us with do shall ye and you, unto out come will we morrow To said, Jabesh of men the Therefore 1Sam.11:10
glad. were they and Jabesh; of men the to it shewed and came messengers the And help. have shall ye hot, be sun the time that by morrow, To Jabeshgilead, of men the unto say ye shall Thus came, that messengers the unto said they And 1Sam.11:9
thousand. thirty Judah of men the and thousand, hundred three were Israel of children the Bezek, in them numbered he when And 1Sam.11:8
consent. one with out came they and people, the on fell Lord the of fear the And oxen. his unto done be it shall so Samuel, after and Saul after forth not cometh Whosoever saying, messengers, of hands the by Israel of coasts the all throughout them sent and pieces, in them hewed and oxen, of yoke a took he And 1Sam.11:7
greatly. kindled was anger his and tidings, those heard he when Saul upon came God of Spirit the And 1Sam.11:6
Jabesh. of men the of tidings the him told they And weep? they that people the aileth What said, Saul and field; the of out herd the after came Saul behold, And, 1Sam.11:5
wept. and voices, their up lifted people the all and people: the of ears the in tidings the told and Saul, of Gibeah to messengers the came Then 1Sam.11:4
thee. to out come will we us, save to man no be there if then, and Israel: of coasts the all unto messengers send may we that respite, days' seven us Give him, unto said Jabesh of elders the And 1Sam.11:3
Israel. all upon reproach a for it lay and eyes, right your all out thrust may I that you, with covenant a make I will condition this On them, answered Ammonite the Nahash And 1Sam.11:2
thee. serve will we and us, with covenant a Make Nahash, unto said Jabesh of men the all and Jabeshgilead: against encamped and up, came Ammonite the Nahash Then 1Sam.11:1
peace. his held he But presents. no brought and him, despised they And us? save man this shall How said, Belial of children the But 1Sam.10:27
touched. had God hearts whose men, of band a him with went there and Gibeah; to home went also Saul And 1Sam.10:26
house. his to man every away, people the all sent Samuel And . Lord the before up it laid and book, a in it wrote and kingdom, the of manner the people the told Samuel Then 1Sam.10:25
king. the save God said, and shouted, people the all And people? the all among him like none is there that chosen, hath Lord the whom him ye See people, the all to said Samuel And 1Sam.10:24
upward. and shoulders his from people the of any than higher was he people, the among stood he when and thence: him fetched and ran they And 1Sam.10:23
stuff. the among himself hid hath he Behold answered, Lord the And thither. come yet should man the if further, Lord the of enquired they Therefore 1Sam.10:22
found. be not could he him, sought they when and taken: was Kish of son the Saul and taken, was Matri of family the families, their by near come to Benjamin of tribe the caused had he When 1Sam.10:21
taken. was Benjamin of tribe the near, come to Israel of tribes the all caused had Samuel when And 1Sam.10:20
thousands. your by and tribes, your by Lord the before yourselves present therefore Now us. over king a set but Nay, him, unto said have ye and tribulations; your and adversities your all of out you saved himself who God, your rejected day this have ye And 1Sam.10:19
you: oppressed that them of and kingdoms, all of hand the of out and Egyptians, the of hand the of out you delivered and Egypt, of out Israel up brought I Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus Israel, of children the unto said And 1Sam.10:18
Mizpeh; to Lord the unto together people the called Samuel And 1Sam.10:17
not. him told he spake, Samuel whereof kingdom, the of matter the of But found. were asses the that plainly us told He uncle, his unto said Saul And 1Sam.10:16
you. unto said Samuel what thee, pray I me, Tell said, uncle Saul's And 1Sam.10:15
Samuel. to came we where, no were they that saw we when and asses: the seek To said, he And ye? went Whither servant, his to and him unto said uncle Saul's And 1Sam.10:14
place. high the to came he prophesying, of end an made had he when And 1Sam.10:13
prophets? the among also Saul Is proverb, a became it Therefore father? their is who But said, and answered place same the of one And 1Sam.10:12
prophets? the among also Saul Is Kish? of son the unto come is that this is What another, to one said people the then prophets, the among prophesied he behold, that, saw beforetime him knew that all when pass, to came it And 1Sam.10:11
them. among prophesied he and him, upon came God of Spirit the and him; met prophets of company a behold, hill, the to thither came they when And 1Sam.10:10
day. that pass to came signs those all and heart: another him gave God Samuel, from go to back his turned had he when that so, was it And 1Sam.10:9
do. shalt thou what thee shew and thee, to come I till tarry, thou shalt days seven offerings: peace of sacrifices sacrifice to and offerings, burnt offer to thee, unto down come will I behold, and, Gilgal; to me before down go shalt thou And 1Sam.10:8
thee. with is God for thee; serve occasion as do thou that thee, unto come are signs these when be, it let And 1Sam.10:7
man. another into turned be shalt and them, with prophesy shalt thou and thee, upon come will Lord the of Spirit the And 1Sam.10:6
prophesy: shall they and them; before harp, a and pipe, a and tabret, a and psaltery, a with place high the from down coming prophets of company a meet shalt thou that city, the to thither come art thou when pass, to come shall it and Philistines: the of garrison the is where God, of hill the to come shalt thou that After 1Sam.10:5
hands. their of receive shalt thou which bread; of loaves two thee give and thee, salute will they And 1Sam.10:4
wine: of bottle a carrying another and bread, of loaves three carrying another and kids, three carrying one Bethel, to God to up going men three thee meet shall there and Tabor, of plain the to come shalt thou and thence, from forward on go thou shalt Then 1Sam.10:3
son? my for do I shall What saying, you, for sorroweth and asses, the of care the left hath father thy lo, and, found: are seek to wentest thou which asses The thee, unto say will they and Zelzah; at Benjamin of border the in sepulchre Rachel's by men two find shalt thou then day, to me from departed art thou When 1Sam.10:2
inheritance? his over captain be to thee anointed hath Lord the because not it Is said, and him, kissed and head, his upon it poured and oil, of vial a took Samuel Then 1Sam.10:1
God. of word the thee shew may I that while, a still thou stand but on), passed he (and us, before on pass servant the Bid Saul, to said Samuel city, the of end the to down going were they as And 1Sam.9:27
abroad. Samuel, and he them, of both out went they and arose, Saul And away. thee send may I that Up, saying, house, the of top the to Saul called Samuel that day, the of spring the about pass to came it and early: arose they And 1Sam.9:26
house. the of top the upon Saul with communed Samuel city, the into place high the from down come were they when And 1Sam.9:25
day. that Samuel with eat did Saul So people. the invited have I said, I since thee for kept been it hath time this unto for eat: and thee, before it set left! is which that Behold said, Samuel And Saul. before it set and it, upon was which that and shoulder, the up took cook the And 1Sam.9:24
thee. by it Set thee, unto said I which of thee, gave I which portion the Bring cook, the unto said Samuel And 1Sam.9:23
persons. thirty about were which bidden, were that them among place chiefest the in sit them made and parlour, the into them brought and servant, his and Saul took Samuel And 1Sam.9:22
me? to so thou speakest then wherefore Benjamin? of tribe the of families the all of least the family my and Israel? of tribes the of smallest the of Benjamite, a I not Am said, and answered Saul And 1Sam.9:21
house? father's thy all on and thee, on not it Is Israel? of desire the all is whom on And found. are they for them; on mind thy not set ago, days three lost were that asses thine for as And 1Sam.9:20
heart. thine in is that all thee tell will and go, thee let will I morrow to and day, to me with eat shall ye for place; high the unto me before up go seer: the am I said, and Saul, answered Samuel And 1Sam.9:19
is. house seer's the where thee, pray I me, Tell said, and gate, the in Samuel to near drew Saul Then 1Sam.9:18
people. my over reign shall same this of! thee to spake I whom man the Behold him, unto said Lord the Saul, saw Samuel when And 1Sam.9:17
me. unto come is cry their because people, my upon looked have I for Philistines: the of hand the of out people my save may he that Israel, people my over captain be to him anoint shalt thou and Benjamin, of land the of out man a thee send will I time this about morrow To 1Sam.9:16
saying, came, Saul before day a ear his in Samuel told had Lord the Now 1Sam.9:15
place. high the to up go to for them, against out came Samuel behold, city, the into come were they when and city: the into up went they And 1Sam.9:14
him. find shall ye time this about for up; you get therefore Now bidden. be that eat they afterwards and sacrifice; the bless doth he because come, he until eat not will people the for eat: to place high the to up go he before him, find straightway shall ye city, the into come be ye as soon As 1Sam.9:13
place: high the in day to people the of sacrifice a is there for city; the to day to came he for now, haste make you: before is he behold, is; He said, and them, answered they And 1Sam.9:12
here? seer the Is them, unto said and water, draw to out going maidens young found they city, the to hill the up went they as And 1Sam.9:11
was. God of man the where city the unto went they So go. us let come, said; Well servant, his to Saul said Then 1Sam.9:10
Seer.) a called beforetime was Prophet a called now is that he for seer: the to go us let and Come, spake, he thus God, of enquire to went man a when Israel, in (Beforetime 1Sam.9:9
way. our us tell to God, of man the to give I will that silver: of shekel a of part fourth the hand at here have I Behold, said, and again, Saul answered servant the And 1Sam.9:8
we? have what God: of man the to bring to present a not is there and vessels, our in spent is bread the for man? the bring we shall what go, we if behold, But, servant, his to Saul said Then 1Sam.9:7
go. should we that way our us shew can he peradventure thither; go us let now pass: to surely cometh saith he that all man; honourable an is he and God, of man a city this in is there now, Behold him, unto said he And 1Sam.9:6
us. for thought take and asses, the for caring leave father my lest return; us let and Come, him, with was that servant his to said Saul Zuph, of land the to come were they when And 1Sam.9:5
not. them found they but Benjamites, the of land the through passed he and not: were they there and Shalim, of land the through passed they then not: them found they but Shalisha, of land the through passed and Ephraim, mount through passed he And 1Sam.9:4
asses. the seek go arise, and thee, with servants the of one now Take son, his Saul to said Kish And lost. were father Saul's Kish of asses the And 1Sam.9:3
people. the of any than higher was he upward and shoulders his from he: than person goodlier a Israel of children the among not was there and goodly: a and man, young choice a Saul, was name whose son, a had he And 1Sam.9:2
power. of man mighty a Benjamite, a Aphiah, of son the Bechorath, of son the Zeror, of son the Abiel, of son the Kish, was name whose Benjamin, of man a was there Now 1Sam.9:1
city. his unto man every ye Go Israel, of men the unto said Samuel And king. a them make and voice, their unto Hearken Samuel, to said Lord the And 1Sam.8:22
. Lord the of ears the in them rehearsed he and people, the of words the all heard Samuel And 1Sam.8:21
battles. our fight and us, before out go and us, judge may king our that and nations; the all like be may also we That 1Sam.8:20
us; over king a have will we but Nay; said, they and Samuel; of voice the obey to refused people the Nevertheless 1Sam.8:19
day. that in you hear not will Lord the and you; chosen have shall ye which king your of because day that in out cry shall ye And 1Sam.8:18
servants. his be shall ye and sheep: your of tenth the take will He 1Sam.8:17
work. his to them put and asses, your and men, young goodliest your and maidservants, your and menservants, your take will he And 1Sam.8:16
servants. his to and officers, his to give and vineyards, your of and seed, your of tenth the take will he And 1Sam.8:15
servants. his to them give and them, of best the even oliveyards, your and vineyards, your and fields, your take will he And 1Sam.8:14
bakers. be to and cooks, be to and confectionaries, be to daughters your take will he And 1Sam.8:13
chariots. his of instruments and war, of instruments his make to and harvest, his reap to and ground, his ear to them set will and fifties; over captains and thousands, over captains him appoint will he And 1Sam.8:12
chariots. his before run shall some and horsemen; his be to and chariots, his for himself, for them appoint and sons, your take will He you: over reign shall that king the of manner the be will This said, he And 1Sam.8:11
king. a him of asked that people the unto Lord the of words the all told Samuel And 1Sam.8:10
them. over reign shall that king the of manner the them shew and them, unto solemnly protest yet howbeit voice: their unto hearken therefore Now 1Sam.8:9
thee. unto also they do so gods, other served and me, forsaken have they wherewith day, this unto even Egypt of out up them brought I that day the since done have they which works the all to According 1Sam.8:8
them. over reign not should I that me, rejected have they but thee, rejected not have they for thee: unto say they that all in people the of voice the unto Hearken Samuel, unto said Lord the And 1Sam.8:7
. Lord the unto prayed Samuel And us. judge to king a us Give said, they when Samuel, displeased thing the But 1Sam.8:6
nations. the all like us judge to king a us make now ways: thy in not walk sons thy and old, art thou Behold, him, unto said And 1Sam.8:5
Ramah, unto Samuel to came and together, themselves gathered Israel of elders the all Then 1Sam.8:4
judgment. perverted and bribes, took and lucre, after aside turned but ways, his in not walked sons his And 1Sam.8:3
Beersheba. in judges were they Abiah: second, his of name the and Joel; was firstborn his of name the Now 1Sam.8:2
Israel. over judges sons his made he that old, was Samuel when pass, to came it And 1Sam.8:1
. Lord the unto altar an built he there and Israel; judged he there and house; his was there for Ramah; to was return his And 1Sam.7:17
places. those all in Israel judged and Mizpeh, and Gilgal, and Bethel, to circuit in year to year from went he And 1Sam.7:16
life. his of days the all Israel judged Samuel And 1Sam.7:15
Amorites. the and Israel between peace was there And Philistines. the of hands the of out deliver Israel did thereof coasts the and Gath; unto even Ekron from Israel, to restored were Israel from taken had Philistines the which cities the And 1Sam.7:14
Samuel. of days the all Philistines the against was Lord the of hand the and Israel: of coast the into more no came they and subdued, were Philistines the So 1Sam.7:13
us. helped Lord the hath Hitherto saying, Ebenezer, it of name the called and Shen, and Mizpeh between it set and stone, a took Samuel Then 1Sam.7:12
Bethcar. under came they until them, smote and Philistines, the pursued and Mizpeh, of out went Israel of men the And 1Sam.7:11
Israel. before smitten were they and them; discomfited and Philistines, the upon day that on thunder great a with thundered Lord the but Israel: against battle to near drew Philistines the offering, burnt the up offering was Samuel as And 1Sam.7:10
him. heard Lord the and Israel; for Lord the unto cried Samuel and : Lord the unto wholly offering burnt a for it offered and lamb, sucking a took Samuel And 1Sam.7:9
Philistines. the of hand the of out us save will he that us, for God our Lord the unto cry to not Cease Samuel, to said Israel of children the And 1Sam.7:8
Philistines. the of afraid were they it, heard Israel of children the when And Israel. against up went Philistines the of lords the Mizpeh, to together gathered were Israel of children the that heard Philistines the when And 1Sam.7:7
Mizpeh. in Israel of children the judged Samuel And . Lord the against sinned have We there, said and day, that on fasted and , Lord the before out it poured and water, drew and Mizpeh, to together gathered they And 1Sam.7:6
. Lord the unto you for pray will I and Mizpeh, to Israel all Gather said, Samuel And 1Sam.7:5
only. Lord the served and Ashtaroth, and Baalim away put did Israel of children the Then 1Sam.7:4
Philistines. the of hand the of out you deliver will he and only: him serve and , Lord the unto hearts your prepare and you, among from Ashtaroth and gods strange the away put then hearts, your all with Lord the unto return do ye If saying, Israel, of house the all unto spake Samuel And 1Sam.7:3
. Lord the after lamented Israel of house the all and years: twenty was it for long; was time the that Kirjathjearim, in abode ark the while pass, to came it And 1Sam.7:2
. Lord the of ark the keep to son his Eleazar sanctified and hill, the in Abinadab of house the into it brought and , Lord the of ark the up fetched and came, Kirjathjearim of men the And 1Sam.7:1
you. to up it fetch and down, ye come ; Lord the of ark the again brought have Philistines The saying, Kirjathjearim, of inhabitants the to messengers sent they And 1Sam.6:21
us? from up go he shall whom to and God? Lord holy this before stand to able is Who said, Bethshemesh of men the And 1Sam.6:20
slaughter. great a with people the of many smitten had Lord the because lamented, people the and men: ten and threescore and thousand fifty people the of smote he even , Lord the of ark the into looked had they because Bethshemesh, of men the smote he And 1Sam.6:19
Bethshemite. the Joshua, of field the in day this unto remaineth stone which : Lord the of ark the down set they whereon Abel, of stone great the unto even villages, country of and cities, fenced of both lords, five the to belonging Philistines the of cities the all of number the to according mice, golden the And 1Sam.6:18
one; Ekron for one, Gath for one, Askelon for one, Gaza for one, Ashdod for ; Lord the unto offering trespass a for returned Philistines the which emerods golden the are these And 1Sam.6:17
day. same the Ekron to returned they it, seen had Philistines the of lords five the when And 1Sam.6:16
. Lord the unto day same the sacrifices sacrificed and offerings burnt offered Bethshemesh of men the and stone: great the on them put and were, gold of jewels the wherein it, with was that coffer the and , Lord the of ark the down took Levites the And 1Sam.6:15
. Lord the unto offering burnt a kine the offered and cart, the of wood the clave they and stone: great a was there where there, stood and Bethshemite, a Joshua, of field the into came cart the And 1Sam.6:14
it. see to rejoiced and ark, the saw and eyes, their up lifted they and valley: the in harvest wheat their reaping were Bethshemesh of they And 1Sam.6:13
Bethshemesh. of border the unto them after went Philistines the of lords the and left; the to or hand right the to aside not turned and went, they as lowing highway, the along went and Bethshemesh, of way the to way straight the took kine the And 1Sam.6:12
emerods. their of images the and gold of mice the with coffer the and cart, the upon Lord the of ark the laid they And 1Sam.6:11
home: at calves their up shut and cart, the to them tied and kine, milch two took and so; did men the And 1Sam.6:10
us. to happened that chance a was it us: smote that hand his not is it that know shall we then not, if but evil: great this us done hath he then Bethshemesh, to coast own his of way the by up goeth it if see, And 1Sam.6:9
go. may it that away, it send and thereof; side the by coffer a in offering, trespass a for him return ye which gold, of jewels the put and cart; the upon it lay and , Lord the of ark the take And 1Sam.6:8
them: from home calves their bring and cart, the to kine the tie and yoke, no come hath there which on kine, milch two take and cart, new a make therefore Now 1Sam.6:7
departed? they and go, people the let not they did them, among wonderfully wrought had he when hearts? their hardened Pharaoh and Egyptians the as hearts, your harden ye do then Wherefore 1Sam.6:6
land. your off from and gods, your off from and you, off from hand his lighten will he peradventure Israel: of God the unto glory give shall ye and land; the mar that mice your of images and emerods, your of images make shall ye Wherefore 1Sam.6:5
lords. your on and all, you on was plague one for Philistines: the of lords the of number the to according mice, golden five and emerods, golden Five answered, They him? to return shall we which offering trespass the be shall What they, said Then 1Sam.6:4
you. from removed not is hand his why you to known be shall it and healed, be shall ye then offering: trespass a him return wise any in but empty; not it send Israel, of God the of ark the away send ye If said, they And 1Sam.6:3
place. his to it send shall we wherewith us tell ? Lord the of ark the to do we shall What saying, diviners, the and priests the for called Philistines the And 1Sam.6:2
months. seven Philistines the of country the in was Lord the of ark the And 1Sam.6:1
heaven. to up went city the of cry the and emerods: the with smitten were not died that men the And 1Sam.5:12
there. heavy very was God of hand the city; the all throughout destruction deadly a was there for people: our and not, us slay it that place, own his to again go it let and Israel, of God the of ark the away Send said, and Philistines, the of lords the all together gathered and sent they So 1Sam.5:11
people. our and us slay to us, to Israel of God the of ark the about brought have They saying, out, cried Ekronites the that Ekron, to came God of ark the as pass, to came it And Ekron. to God of ark the sent they Therefore 1Sam.5:10
parts. secret their in emerods had they and great, and small both city, the of men the smote he and destruction: great very a with city the against was Lord the of hand the about, it carried had they after that, so, was it And 1Sam.5:9
thither. about Israel of God the of ark the carried they And Gath. unto about carried be Israel of God the of ark the Let answered, they And Israel? of God the of ark the with do we shall What said, and them, unto Philistines the of lords the all gathered and therefore sent They 1Sam.5:8
god. our Dagon upon and us, upon sore is hand his for us: with abide not shall Israel of God the of ark The said, they so, was it that saw Ashdod of men the when And 1Sam.5:7
thereof. coasts the and Ashdod even emerods, with them smote and them, destroyed he and Ashdod, of them upon heavy was Lord the of hand the But 1Sam.5:6
day. this unto Ashdod in Dagon of threshold the on tread house, Dagon's into come that any nor Dagon, of priests the neither Therefore 1Sam.5:5
him. to left was Dagon of stump the only threshold; the upon off cut were hands his of palms the both and Dagon of head the and ; Lord the of ark the before ground the to face his upon fallen was Dagon behold, morning, morrow the on early arose they when And 1Sam.5:4
again. place his in him set and Dagon, took they And . Lord the of ark the before earth the to face his upon fallen was Dagon behold, morrow, the on early arose Ashdod of they when And 1Sam.5:3
Dagon. by it set and Dagon, of house the into it brought they God, of ark the took Philistines the When 1Sam.5:2
Ashdod. unto Ebenezer from it brought and God, of ark the took Philistines the And 1Sam.5:1
taken. is God of ark the for Israel: from departed is glory The said, she And 1Sam.4:22
husband. her and law in father her of because and taken, was God of ark the because Israel: from departed is glory The saying, Ichabod, child the named she And 1Sam.4:21
it. regard she did neither not, answered she But son. a born hast thou for not; Fear her, unto said her by stood that women the death her of time the about And 1Sam.4:20
her. upon came pains her for travailed; and herself bowed she dead, were husband her and law in father her that and taken, was God of ark the that tidings the heard she when and delivered: be to near child, with was wife, Phinehas' law, in daughter his And 1Sam.4:19
years. forty Israel judged had he And heavy. and man, old an was he for died: he and brake, neck his and gate, the of side the by backward seat the off from fell he that God, of ark the of mention made he when pass, to came it And 1Sam.4:18
taken. is God of ark the and dead, are Phinehas, and Hophni also, sons two thy and people, the among slaughter great a also been hath there and Philistines, the before fled is Israel said, and answered messenger the And 1Sam.4:17
son? my done, there is What said, he And army. the of out day to fled I and army, the of out came that he am I Eli, unto said man the And 1Sam.4:16
see. not could he that dim, were eyes his and old; years eight and ninety was Eli Now 1Sam.4:15
Eli. told and hastily, in came man the And tumult? this of noise the meaneth What said, he crying, the of noise the heard Eli when And 1Sam.4:14
out. cried city the all it, told and city, the into came man the when And God. of ark the for trembled heart his for watching: wayside the by seat a upon sat Eli lo, came, he when And 1Sam.4:13
head. his upon earth with and rent, clothes his with day same the Shiloh to came and army, the of out Benjamin of man a ran there And 1Sam.4:12
slain. were Phinehas, and Hophni Eli, of sons two the and taken; was God of ark the And 1Sam.4:11
footmen. thousand thirty Israel of fell there for slaughter; great very a was there and tent: his into man every fled they and smitten, was Israel and fought, Philistines the And 1Sam.4:10
fight. and men, like yourselves quit you: to been have they as Hebrews, the unto servants not be ye that Philistines, ye O men, like yourselves quit and strong Be 1Sam.4:9
wilderness. the in plagues the all with Egyptians the smote that Gods the are these Gods? mighty these of hand the of out us deliver shall who us! unto Woe 1Sam.4:8
heretofore. thing a such been not hath there for us! unto Woe said, they And camp. the into come is God said, they for afraid, were Philistines the And 1Sam.4:7
camp. the into come was Lord the of ark the that understood they And Hebrews? the of camp the in shout great this of noise the meaneth What said, they shout, the of noise the heard Philistines the when And 1Sam.4:6
again. rang earth the that so shout, great a with shouted Israel all camp, the into came Lord the of covenant the of ark the when And 1Sam.4:5
God. of covenant the of ark the with there were Phinehas, and Hophni Eli, of sons two the and cherubims: the between dwelleth which hosts, of Lord the of covenant the of ark the thence from bring might they that Shiloh, to sent people the So 1Sam.4:4
enemies. our of hand the of out us save may it us, among cometh it when that, us, unto Shiloh of out Lord the of covenant the of ark the fetch us Let Philistines? the before day to us smitten Lord the hath Wherefore said, Israel of elders the camp, the into come were people the when And 1Sam.4:3
men. thousand four about field the in army the of slew they and Philistines: the before smitten was Israel battle, joined they when and Israel: against array in themselves put Philistines the And 1Sam.4:2
Aphek. in pitched Philistines the and Ebenezer: beside pitched and battle, to Philistines the against out went Israel Now Israel. all to came Samuel of word the And 1Sam.4:1
. Lord the of word the by Shiloh in Samuel to himself revealed Lord the for Shiloh: in again appeared Lord the And 1Sam.3:21
. Lord the of prophet a be to established was Samuel that knew Beersheba to even Dan from Israel all And 1Sam.3:20
ground. the to fall words his of none let did and him, with was Lord the and grew, Samuel And 1Sam.3:19
good. him seemeth what do him let : Lord the is It said, he And him. from nothing hid and whit, every him told Samuel And 1Sam.3:18
thee. unto said he that things the all of me from thing any hide thou if also, more and thee, to so do God me: from not it hide thee pray I thee? unto said hath Lord the that thing the is What said, he And 1Sam.3:17
I. am Here answered, he And son. my Samuel, said, and Samuel, called Eli Then 1Sam.3:16
vision. the Eli shew to feared Samuel And . Lord the of house the of doors the opened and morning, the until lay Samuel And 1Sam.3:15
ever. for offering nor sacrifice with purged be not shall house Eli's of iniquity the that Eli, of house the unto sworn have I therefore And 1Sam.3:14
not. them restrained he and vile, themselves made sons his because knoweth; he which iniquity the for ever for house his judge will I that him told have I For 1Sam.3:13
end. an make also will I begin, I when house: his concerning spoken have I which things all Eli against perform will I day that In 1Sam.3:12
tingle. shall it heareth that one every of ears the both which at Israel, in thing a do will I Behold, Samuel, to said Lord the And 1Sam.3:11
heareth. servant thy for Speak; answered, Samuel Then Samuel. Samuel, times, other at as called and stood, and came, Lord the And 1Sam.3:10
place. his in down lay and went Samuel So heareth. servant thy for ; Lord Speak, say, shalt thou that thee, call he if be, shall it and down: lie Go, Samuel, unto said Eli Therefore 1Sam.3:9
child. the called had Lord the that perceived Eli And me. call didst thou for I; am Here said, and Eli, to went and arose he And time. third the again Samuel called Lord the And 1Sam.3:8
him. unto revealed yet Lord the of word the was neither , Lord the know yet not did Samuel Now 1Sam.3:7
again. down lie son; my not, called I answered, he And me. call didst thou for I; am Here said, and Eli, to went and arose Samuel And Samuel. again, yet called Lord the And 1Sam.3:6
down. lay and went he And again. down lie not; called I said, he And me. calledst thou for I; am Here said, and Eli, unto ran he And 1Sam.3:5
I. am Here answered, he and Samuel: called Lord the That 1Sam.3:4
sleep; to down laid was Samuel and was, God of ark the where , Lord the of temple the in out went God of lamp the ere And 1Sam.3:3
see; not could he that dim, wax to began eyes his and place, his in down laid was Eli when time, that at pass to came it And 1Sam.3:2
vision. open no was there days; those in precious was Lord the of word the And Eli. before Lord the unto ministered Samuel child the And 1Sam.3:1
bread. of piece a eat may I that offices, priests' the of one into thee, pray I me, Put say, shall and bread, of morsel a and silver of piece a for him to crouch and come shall house thine in left is that one every that pass, to come shall it And 1Sam.2:36
ever. for anointed mine before walk shall he and house; sure a him build will I and mind: my in and heart mine in is which that to according do shall that priest, faithful a up me raise will I And 1Sam.2:35
them. of both die shall they day one in Phinehas; and Hophni on sons, two thy upon come shall that thee, unto sign a be shall this And 1Sam.2:34
age. their of flower the in die shall house thine of increase the all and heart: thine grieve to and eyes, thine consume to be shall altar, mine from off cut not shall I whom thine, of man the And 1Sam.2:33
ever. for house thine in man old an be not shall there and Israel: give shall God which wealth the all in habitation, my in enemy an see shalt thou And 1Sam.2:32
house. thine in man old an be not shall there that house, father's thy of arm the and arm, thine off cut will I that come, days the Behold, 1Sam.2:31
esteemed. lightly be shall me despise that they and honour, will I me honour that them for me; from far it Be saith, Lord the now but ever: for me before walk should father, thy of house the and house, thy that indeed said I saith, Israel of God Lord the Wherefore 1Sam.2:30
people? my Israel of offerings the all of chiefest the with fat yourselves make to me, above sons thy honourest and habitation; my in commanded have I which offering, mine at and sacrifice my at ye kick Wherefore 1Sam.2:29
Israel? of children the of fire by made offerings the all father thy of house the unto give I did and me? before ephod an wear to incense, burn to altar, mine upon offer to priest, my be to Israel of tribes the all of out him choose I did And 1Sam.2:28
house? Pharaoh's in Egypt in were they when father, thy of house the unto appear plainly I Did , Lord the saith Thus him, unto said and Eli, unto God of man a came there And 1Sam.2:27
men. with also and , Lord the with both favour in was and on, grew Samuel child the And 1Sam.2:26
them. slay would Lord the because father, their of voice the unto not hearkened they Notwithstanding him? for intreat shall who , Lord the against sin man a if but him: judge shall judge the another, against sin man one If 1Sam.2:25
transgress. to people 's Lord the make ye hear: I that report good no is it for sons; my Nay, 1Sam.2:24
people. this all by dealings evil your of hear I for things? such ye do Why them, unto said he And 1Sam.2:23
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the at assembled that women the with lay they how and Israel; all unto did sons his that all heard and old, very was Eli Now 1Sam.2:22
. Lord the before grew Samuel child the And daughters. two and sons three bare and conceived, she that so Hannah, visited Lord the And 1Sam.2:21
home. own their unto went they And . Lord the to lent is which loan the for woman this of seed thee give Lord The said, and wife, his and Elkanah blessed Eli And 1Sam.2:20
sacrifice. yearly the offer to husband her with up came she when year, to year from him to it brought and coat, little a him made mother his Moreover 1Sam.2:19
ephod. linen a with girded child, a being , Lord the before ministered Samuel But 1Sam.2:18
. Lord the of offering the abhorred men for : Lord the before great very was men young the of sin the Wherefore 1Sam.2:17
force. by it take will I not, if and now: me it give shalt thou but Nay; him, answer would he then desireth; soul thy as much as take then and presently, fat the burn to fail not them Let him, unto said man any if And 1Sam.2:16
raw. but thee, of flesh sodden have not will he for priest; the for roast to flesh Give sacrificed, that man the to said and came, servant priest's the fat, the burnt they before Also 1Sam.2:15
thither. came that Israelites the all unto Shiloh in did they So himself. for took priest the up brought fleshhook the that all pot; or caldron, or kettle, or pan, the into it struck he And 1Sam.2:14
hand; his in teeth three of fleshhook a with seething, in was flesh the while came, servant priest's the sacrifice, offered man any when that, was, people the with custom priest's the And 1Sam.2:13
. Lord the not knew they Belial; of sons were Eli of sons the Now 1Sam.2:12
priest. the Eli before Lord the unto minister did child the And house. his to Ramah to went Elkanah And 1Sam.2:11
anointed. his of horn the exalt and king, his unto strength give shall he and earth; the of ends the judge shall Lord the them: upon thunder he shall heaven of out pieces; to broken be shall Lord the of adversaries The 1Sam.2:10
prevail. man no shall strength by for darkness; in silent be shall wicked the and saints, his of feet the keep will He 1Sam.2:9
them. upon world the set hath he and 's, Lord the are earth the of pillars the for glory: of throne the inherit them make to and princes, among them set to dunghill, the from beggar the up lifteth and dust, the of out poor the up raiseth He 1Sam.2:8
up. lifteth and low, bringeth he rich: maketh and poor, maketh Lord The 1Sam.2:7
up. bringeth and grave, the to down bringeth he alive: maketh and killeth, Lord The 1Sam.2:6
feeble. waxed is children many hath that she and seven; born hath barren the that so ceased: hungry were that they and bread; for themselves out hired have full were that They 1Sam.2:5
strength. with girded are stumbled that they and broken, are men mighty the of bows The 1Sam.2:4
weighed. are actions him by and knowledge, of God a is Lord the for mouth: your of out come arrogancy not let proudly; exceeding so more no Talk 1Sam.2:3
God. our like rock any there is neither thee: beside none is there for : Lord the as holy none is There 1Sam.2:2
salvation. thy in rejoice I because enemies; mine over enlarged is mouth my : Lord the in exalted is horn mine , Lord the in rejoiceth heart My said, and prayed, Hannah And 1Sam.2:1
there. Lord the worshipped he And . Lord the to lent be shall he liveth he as long as ; Lord the to him lent have I also Therefore 1Sam.1:28
him: of asked I which petition my me given hath Lord the and prayed; I child this For 1Sam.1:27
. Lord the unto praying here, thee by stood that woman the am I lord, my liveth, soul thy as lord, my Oh said, she And 1Sam.1:26
Eli. to child the brought and bullock, a slew they And 1Sam.1:25
young. was child the and Shiloh: in Lord the of house the unto him brought and wine, of bottle a and flour, of ephah one and bullocks, three with her, with up him took she him, weaned had she when And 1Sam.1:24
him. weaned she until suck son her gave and abode, woman the So word. his establish Lord the only him; weaned have thou until tarry good; thee seemeth what Do her, unto said husband her Elkanah And 1Sam.1:23
ever. for abide there and , Lord the before appear may he that him, bring will I then and weaned, be child the until up go not will I husband, her unto said she for up; not went Hannah But 1Sam.1:22
vow. his and sacrifice, yearly the Lord the unto offer to up went house, his all and Elkanah, man the And 1Sam.1:21
. Lord the of him asked have I Because saying, Samuel, name his called and son, a bare she that conceived, had Hannah after about come was time the when pass, to came it Wherefore 1Sam.1:20
her. remembered Lord the and wife; his Hannah knew Elkanah and Ramah: to house their to came and returned, and , Lord the before worshipped and early, morning the in up rose they And 1Sam.1:19
sad. more no was countenance her and eat, did and way, her went woman the So sight. thy in grace find handmaid thine Let said, she And 1Sam.1:18
him. of asked hast thou that petition thy thee grant Israel of God the and peace: in Go said, and answered Eli Then 1Sam.1:17
hitherto. spoken I have grief and complaint my of abundance the of out for Belial: of daughter a for handmaid thine not Count 1Sam.1:16
. Lord the before soul my out poured have but drink, strong nor wine neither drunk have I spirit: sorrowful a of woman a am I lord, my No, said, and answered Hannah And 1Sam.1:15
thee. from wine thy away put drunken? be thou wilt long How her, unto said Eli And 1Sam.1:14
drunken. been had she thought Eli therefore heard: not was voice her but moved, lips her only heart; her in spake she Hannah, Now 1Sam.1:13
mouth. her marked Eli that , Lord the before praying continued she as pass, to came it And 1Sam.1:12
head. his upon come razor no shall there and life, his of days the all Lord the unto him give will I then child, man a handmaid thine unto give wilt but handmaid, thine forget not and me, remember and handmaid, thine of affliction the on look indeed wilt thou if hosts, of Lord O said, and vow, a vowed she And 1Sam.1:11
sore. wept and , Lord the unto prayed and soul, of bitterness in was she And 1Sam.1:10
. Lord the of temple the of post a by seat a upon sat priest the Eli Now drunk. had they after and Shiloh, in eaten had they after up rose Hannah So 1Sam.1:9
sons? ten than thee to better I not am grieved? heart thy is why and not? thou eatest why and thou? weepest why Hannah, her, to husband her Elkanah said Then 1Sam.1:8
eat. not did and wept, she therefore her; provoked she so , Lord the of house the to up went she when year, by year so did he as And 1Sam.1:7
womb. her up shut had Lord the because fret, her make to for sore, her provoked also adversary her And 1Sam.1:6
womb. her up shut had Lord the but Hannah: loved he for portion; worthy a gave he Hannah unto But 1Sam.1:5
portions: daughters, her and sons her all to and wife, his Peninnah to gave he offered, Elkanah that was time the when And 1Sam.1:4
there. were , Lord the of priests the Phinehas, and Hophni Eli, of sons two the And Shiloh. in hosts of Lord the unto sacrifice to and worship to yearly city his of out up went man this And 1Sam.1:3
children. no had Hannah but children, had Peninnah and Peninnah: other the of name the and Hannah, was one the of name the wives; two had he And 1Sam.1:2
Ephrathite: an Zuph, of son the Tohu, of son the Elihu, of son the Jeroham, of son the Elkanah, was name his and Ephraim, mount of Ramathaimzophim, of man certain a was there Now 1Sam.1:1
Samuel 1
David. begat Jesse and Jesse, begat Obed And
Obed, begat Boaz and Boaz, begat Salmon And
Salmon, begat Nahshon and Nahshon, begat Amminadab And
Amminadab, begat Ram and Ram, begat Hezron And
Hezron, begat Pharez Pharez: of generations the are these Now
David. of father the Jesse, of father the is he Obed: name his called they and Naomi; to born son a is There saying, name, a it gave neighbours her women the And
it. unto nurse became and bosom, her in it laid and child, the took Naomi And
him. born hath sons, seven than thee to better is which thee, loveth which law, in daughter thy for age: old thine of nourisher a and life, thy of restorer a thee unto be shall he And
Israel. in famous be may name his that kinsman, a without day this thee left not hath which , Lord the be Blessed Naomi, unto said women the And
son. a bare she and conception, her gave Lord the her, unto in went he when and wife: his was she and Ruth, took Boaz So
woman. young this of thee give shall Lord the which seed the of Judah, unto bare Tamar whom Pharez, of house the like be house thy let And
Bethlehem: in famous be and Ephratah, in worthily thou do and Israel: of house the build did two which Leah, like and Rachel like house thine into come is that woman the make Lord The witnesses. are We said, elders, the and gate, the in were that people the all And
day. this witnesses are ye place: his of gate the from and brethren, his among from off cut not be dead the of name the that inheritance, his upon dead the of name the up raise to wife, my be to purchased I have Mahlon, of wife the Moabitess, the Ruth Moreover
Naomi. of hand the of Mahlon's, and Chilion's was that all and Elimelech's, was that all bought have I that day, this witnesses are Ye people, the all unto and elders, the unto said Boaz And
shoe. his off drew he So thee. for it Buy Boaz, unto said kinsman the Therefore
Israel. in testimony a was this and neighbour: his to it gave and shoe, his off plucked man a things; all confirm to for changing, concerning and redeeming concerning Israel in time former in manner the was this Now
it. redeem cannot I for thyself; to right my thou redeem inheritance: own mine mar I lest myself, for it redeem cannot I said, kinsman the And
inheritance. his upon dead the of name the up raise to dead, the of wife the Moabitess, the Ruth of also it buy must thou Naomi, of hand the of field the buyest thou day What Boaz, said Then
it. redeem will I said, he And thee. after am I and thee; beside it redeem to none is there for know: may I that me, tell then it, redeem not wilt thou if but it: redeem it, redeem wilt thou If people. my of elders the before and inhabitants, the before it Buy saying, thee, advertise to thought I And
Elimelech's: brother our was which land, of parcel a selleth Moab, of country the of out again come is that Naomi, kinsman, the unto said he And
down. sat they And here. down ye Sit said, and city, the of elders the of men ten took he And
down. sat and aside, turned he And here. down sit aside, turn one! a such Ho, said, he whom unto by; came spake Boaz whom of kinsman the behold, and, there: down him sat and gate, the to up Boaz went Then
day. this thing the finished have he until rest, in be not will man the for fall: will matter the how know thou until daughter, my still, Sit she, said Then
law. in mother thy unto empty not Go me, to said he for me; he gave barley of measures six These said, she And
her. to done had man the that all her told she And daughter? my thou, art Who said, she law, in mother her to came she when And
city. the into went she and her: on it laid and barley, of measures six measured he it, held she when And it. hold and thee, upon hast thou that vail the Bring said, he Also
floor. the into came woman a that known be not it Let said, he And another. know could one before up rose she and morning: the until feet his at lay she And
morning. the until down lie liveth: Lord the as thee, to kinsman a of part the do I will then thee, to kinsman a of part the do not will he if but part: kinsman's the do him let well; kinsman, a of part the thee unto perform will he if that morning, the in be shall it and night, this Tarry
I. than nearer kinsman a is there howbeit kinsman: near thy am I that true is it now And
woman. virtuous a art thou that know doth people my of city the all for requirest: thou that all thee to do will I not; fear daughter, my now, And
rich. or poor whether men, young not followedst thou as inasmuch beginning, the at than end latter the in kindness more shewed hast thou for daughter: my , Lord the of thou be Blessed said, he And
kinsman. near a art thou for handmaid; thine over skirt thy therefore spread handmaid: thine Ruth am I answered, she And thou? art Who said, he And
feet. his at lay woman a behold, and, himself: turned and afraid, was man the that midnight, at pass to came it And
down. her laid and feet, his uncovered and softly, came she and corn: of heap the of end the at down lie to went he merry, was heart his and drunk, and eaten had Boaz when And
her. bade law in mother her that all to according did and floor, the unto down went she And
do. will I me unto sayest thou that All her, unto said she And
do. shalt thou what thee tell will he and down; thee lay and feet, his uncover and in, go shalt thou and lie, shall he where place the mark shalt thou that down, lieth he when be, shall it And
drinking. and eating done have shall he until man, the unto known thyself not make but floor: the to down thee get and thee, upon raiment thy put and thee, anoint and therefore, thyself Wash
threshingfloor. the in night to barley winnoweth he Behold, wast? thou maidens whose with kindred, our of Boaz not is now And
thee? with well be may it that thee, for rest seek not I shall daughter, My her, unto said law in mother her Naomi Then
law. in mother her with dwelt and harvest; wheat of and harvest barley of end the unto glean to Boaz of maidens the by fast kept she So
field. other any in not thee meet they that maidens, his with out go thou that daughter, my good, is It law, in daughter her Ruth unto said Naomi And
harvest. my all ended have they until men, young my by fast keep shalt Thou also, me unto said He said, Moabitess the Ruth And
kinsmen. next our of one us, unto kin of near is man The her, unto said Naomi And dead. the to and living the to kindness his off left not hath who , Lord the of he be Blessed law, in daughter her unto said Naomi And
Boaz. is day to wrought I whom with name man's The said, and wrought, had she whom with law in mother her shewed she And thee. of knowledge take did that he be blessed thou? wroughtest where and day? to gleaned thou hast Where her, unto said law in mother her And
sufficed. was she after reserved had she that her to gave and forth, brought she and gleaned: had she what saw law in mother her and city: the into went and up, it took she And
barley. of ephah an about was it and gleaned: had she that out beat and even, until field the in gleaned she So
not. her rebuke and them, glean may she that them, leave and her, for purpose of handfuls the of some also fall let And
not: her reproach and sheaves, the among even glean her Let saying, men, young his commanded Boaz glean, to up risen was she when And
left. and sufficed, was and eat, did she and corn, parched her reached he and reapers: the beside sat she And vinegar. the in morsel thy dip and bread, the of eat and hither, thou come mealtime At her, unto said Boaz And
handmaidens. thine of one unto like not be I though handmaid, thine unto friendly spoken hast thou that for and me, comforted hast thou that for lord; my sight, thy in favour find me Let said, she Then
trust. to come art thou wings whose under Israel, of God Lord the of thee given be reward full a and work, thy recompense Lord The
heretofore. not knewest thou which people a unto come art and nativity, thy of land the and mother, thy and father thy left hast thou how and husband: thine of death the since law in mother thy unto done hast thou that all me, shewed been fully hath It her, unto said and answered Boaz And
stranger? a am I seeing me, of knowledge take shouldest thou that eyes, thine in grace found I have Why him, unto said and ground, the to herself bowed and face, her on fell she Then
drawn. have men young the which that of drink and vessels, the unto go athirst, art thou when and thee? touch not shall they that men young the charged not I have them: after thou go and reap, do they that field the on be eyes thine Let
maidens: my by fast here abide but hence, from go neither field, another in glean to not Go daughter? my not, thou Hearest Ruth, unto Boaz said Then
house. the in little a tarried she that now, until morning the from even continued hath and came, she so sheaves: the among reapers the after gather and glean me let you, pray I said, she And
Moab: of country the of out Naomi with back came that damsel Moabitish the is It said, and answered reapers the over set was that servant the And
this? is damsel Whose reapers, the over set was that servant his unto Boaz said Then
thee. bless Lord The him, answered they And you. with be Lord The reapers, the unto said and Bethlehem, from came Boaz behold, And,
Elimelech. of kindred the of was who Boaz, unto belonging field the of part a on light to was hap her and reapers: the after field the in gleaned and came, and went, she And
daughter. my Go, her, unto said she And grace. find shall I sight whose in him after corn of ears glean and field, the to go now me Let Naomi, unto said Moabitess the Ruth And
Boaz. was name his and Elimelech; of family the of wealth, of man mighty a husband's, her of kinsman a had Naomi And
harvest. barley of beginning the in Bethlehem to came they and Moab: of country the of out returned which her, with law, in daughter her Moabitess, the Ruth and returned, Naomi So
me? afflicted hath Almighty the and me, against testified hath Lord the seeing Naomi, me ye call then why empty: again home me brought hath Lord the and full out went I
me. with bitterly very dealt hath Almighty the for Mara: me call Naomi, not me Call them, unto said she And
Naomi? this Is said, they and them, about moved was city the all that Bethlehem, to come were they when pass, to came it And Bethlehem. to came they until went two they So
her. unto speaking left she then her, with go to minded stedfastly was she that saw she When
me. and thee part death but ought if also, more and me, to so do Lord the buried: be I will there and die, I will diest, thou Where
God: my God thy and people, my be shall people thy lodge: will I lodgest, thou where and go; will I goest, thou whither for thee: after following from return to or thee, leave to not me Intreat said, Ruth And
law. in sister thy after thou return gods: her unto and people, her unto back gone is law in sister thy Behold, said, she And
her. unto clave Ruth but law; in mother her kissed Orpah and again: wept and voice, their up lifted they And
me. against out gone is Lord the of hand the that sakes your for much me grieveth it for daughters; my nay, husbands? having from them for stay ye would grown? were they till them for tarry ye Would
sons; bear also should and night, to also husband an have should I if hope, have I say, should I If husband. an have to old too am I for way; your go daughters, my again, Turn
husbands? your be may they that womb, my in sons more any yet there are me? with go ye will why daughters: my again, Turn said, Naomi And
people. thy unto thee with return will we Surely her, unto said they And
wept. and voice, their up lifted they and them; kissed she Then husband. her of house the in you of each rest, find may ye that you grant Lord The
me. with and dead, the with dealt have ye as you, with kindly deal Lord the house: mother's her to each return Go, law, in daughters two her unto said Naomi And
Judah. of land the unto return to way the on went they and her; with law in daughters two her and was, she where place the of out forth went she Wherefore
bread. them giving in people his visited had Lord the that how Moab of country the in heard had she for Moab: of country the from return might she that law, in daughters her with arose she Then
husband. her and sons two her of left was woman the and them; of both also died Chilion and Mahlon And
years. ten about there dwelled they and Ruth: other the of name the and Orpah, was one the of name the Moab; of women the of wives them took they And
sons. two her and left, was she and died; husband Naomi's Elimelech And
there. continued and Moab, of country the into came they And Bethlehemjudah. of Ephrathites Chilion, and Mahlon sons two his of name the and Naomi, wife his of name the and Elimelech, was man the of name the And
sons. two his and wife, his and he, Moab, of country the in sojourn to went Bethlehemjudah of man certain a And land. the in famine a was there that ruled, judges the when days the in pass to came it Now
Ruth
eyes. own his in right was which that did man every Israel: in king no was there days those In
inheritance. his to man every thence from out went they and family, his to and tribe his to man every time, that at thence departed Israel of children the And
them. in dwelt and cities, the repaired and inheritance, their unto returned and went they and caught: they whom danced, that them of number, their to according wives, them took and so, did Benjamin of children the And
guilty. be should ye that time, this at them unto give not did ye for war: the in wife his man each to not reserved we because sakes: our for them unto favourable Be them, unto say will we that complain, to us unto come brethren their or fathers their when be, shall it And
Benjamin. of land the to go and Shiloh, of daughters the of wife his man every you catch and vineyards, the of out ye come then dances, in dance to out come Shiloh of daughters the if behold, and, see, And
vineyards; the in wait in lie and Go saying, Benjamin, of children the commanded they Therefore
Lebonah. of south the on and Shechem, to Bethel from up goeth that highway the of side east the on Bethel, of side north the on is which place a in yearly Shiloh in Lord the of feast a is there Behold, said, they Then
Benjamin. to wife a giveth that he be Cursed saying, sworn, have Israel of children the for daughters: our of wives them give not may we Howbeit
Israel. of out destroyed not be tribe a that Benjamin, of escaped be that them for inheritance an be must There said, they And
Benjamin? of out destroyed are women the seeing remain, that them for wives for do we shall How said, congregation the of elders the Then
Israel. of tribes the in breach a made had Lord the that because Benjamin, for them repented people the And
not. them sufficed they so yet and Jabeshgilead: of women the of alive saved had they which wives them gave they and time; that at again came Benjamin And
them. unto peaceably call to and Rimmon, rock the in were that Benjamin of children the to speak to some sent congregation whole the And
Canaan. of land the in is which Shiloh, to camp the unto them brought they and male: any with lying by man no known had that virgins, young hundred four Jabeshgilead of inhabitants the among found they And
man. by lain hath that woman every and male, every destroy utterly shall Ye do, shall ye that thing the is this And
children. the and women the with sword, the of edge the with Jabeshgilead of inhabitants the smite and Go saying, them, commanded and valiantest, the of men thousand twelve thither sent congregation the And
there. Jabeshgilead of inhabitants the of none were there behold, and, numbered, were people the For
assembly. the to Jabeshgilead from camp the to none came there behold, And, ? Lord the to Mizpeh to up not came that Israel of tribes the of there is one What said, they And
wives? to daughters our of them give not will we that Lord the by sworn have we seeing remain, that them for wives for do we shall How
day. this Israel from off cut tribe one is There said, and brother, their Benjamin for them repented Israel of children the And
death. to put be surely shall He saying, Mizpeh, to Lord the to up not came that him concerning oath great a made had they For ? Lord the unto congregation the with up not came that Israel of tribes the all among there is Who said, Israel of children the And
offerings. peace and offerings burnt offered and altar, an there built and early, rose people the that morrow, the on pass to came it And
Israel? in lacking tribe one day to be should there that Israel, in pass to come this is why Israel, of God Lord O said, And
sore; wept and voices, their up lifted and God, before even till there abode and God, of house the to came people the And
wife. to Benjamin unto daughter his give us of any not shall There saying, Mizpeh, in sworn had Israel of men the Now
to. came they that cities the all fire on set they also hand: to came that all and beast, the as city, every of men the well as sword, the of edge the with them smote and Benjamin, of children the upon again turned Israel of men the And
months. four Rimmon rock the in abode and Rimmon, rock the unto wilderness the to fled and turned men hundred six But
valour. of men were these all sword; the drew that men thousand five and twenty were Benjamin of day that fell which all that So
them. of men thousand two slew and Gidom, unto them after hard pursued and men; thousand five highways the in them of gleaned they and Rimmon: of rock the unto wilderness the toward fled and turned they And
valour. of men were these all men; thousand eighteen Benjamin of fell there And
sunrising. the toward Gibeah against over ease with down them trode and them, chased and about, round Benjamites the inclosed they Thus
them. of midst the in destroyed they cities the of out came which them and them; overtook battle the but wilderness; the of way the unto Israel of men the before backs their turned they Therefore
them. upon come was evil that saw they for amazed: were Benjamin of men the again, turned Israel of men the when And
heaven. to up ascended city the of flame the behold, and, them, behind looked Benjamites the smoke, of pillar a with city the of out up arise to began flame the when But
battle. first the in as us, before down smitten are they Surely said, they for persons: thirty about Israel of men the of kill and smite to began Benjamin battle, the in retired Israel of men the when And
city. the of out up rise smoke with flame great a make should they that wait, in liers the and Israel of men the between sign appointed an was there Now
sword. the of edge the with city the all smote and along, themselves drew wait in liers the and Gibeah; upon rushed and hasted, wait in liers the And
Gibeah. beside set had they which wait in liers the unto trusted they because Benjamites, the to place gave Israel of men the for smitten: were they that saw Benjamin of children the So
sword. the drew these all men: hundred an and thousand five and twenty day that Benjamites the of destroyed Israel of children the and Israel: before Benjamin smote Lord the And
them. near was evil that not knew they but sore: was battle the and Israel, all of out men chosen thousand ten Gibeah against came there And
Gibeah. of meadows the of out even places, their of out forth came Israel of wait in liers the and Baaltamar: at array in themselves put and place, their of out up rose Israel of men the all And
highways. the unto city the from them draw and flee, us Let said, Israel of children the But first. the at as us, before down smitten are They said, Benjamin of children the And
Israel. of men thirty about field, the in Gibeah to other the and God, of house the to up goeth one which of highways, the in times, other at as kill, and people, the of smite to began they and city; the from away drawn were and people, the against out went Benjamin of children the And
times. other at as Gibeah, against array in themselves put and day, third the on Benjamin of children the against up went Israel of children the And
Gibeah. about round wait in liers set Israel And
hand. thine into them deliver will I morrow to for up; Go said, Lord the And cease? I shall or brother, my Benjamin of children the against battle to out go again yet I Shall saying, days,) those in it before stood Aaron, of son the Eleazar, of son the Phinehas, And
days, those in there was God of covenant the of ark the (for , Lord the of enquired Israel of children the And
. Lord the before offerings peace and offerings burnt offered and even, until day that fasted and , Lord the before there sat and wept, and God, of house the unto came and up, went people, the all and Israel, of children the all Then
sword. the drew these all men; thousand eighteen again Israel of children the of ground the to down destroyed and day, second the Gibeah of out them against forth went Benjamin And
day. second the Benjamin of children the against near came Israel of children the And
him.) against up Go said, Lord the And brother? my Benjamin of children the against battle to again up go I Shall saying, , Lord the of counsel asked and even, until Lord the before wept and up went Israel of children the (And
day. first the array in themselves put they where place the in array in again battle their set and themselves, encouraged Israel of men the people the And
men. thousand two and twenty day that Israelites the of ground the to down destroyed and Gibeah, of out forth came Benjamin of children the And
Gibeah. at them against fight to array in themselves put Israel of men the and Benjamin; against battle to out went Israel of men the And
Gibeah. against encamped and morning, the in up rose Israel of children the And
first. up go shall Judah said, Lord the And Benjamin? of children the against battle the to first up go shall us of Which said, and God, of counsel asked and God, of house the to up went and arose, Israel of children the And
war. of men were these all sword: drew that men thousand hundred four numbered were Benjamin, beside Israel, of men the And
miss. not and breadth, hair an at stones sling could one every lefthanded; men chosen hundred seven were there people this all Among
men. chosen hundred seven numbered were which Gibeah, of inhabitants the beside sword, drew that men thousand six and twenty cities the of out time that at numbered were Benjamin of children the And
Israel. of children the against battle to out go to Gibeah, unto cities the of out together themselves gathered Benjamin of children the But
Israel. of children the brethren their of voice the to hearken not would Benjamin of children the But Israel. from evil away put and death, to them put may we that Gibeah, in are which Belial, of children the men, the us deliver therefore Now
you? among done is that this is wickedness What saying, Benjamin, of tribe the all through men sent Israel of tribes the And
man. one as together knit city, the against gathered were Israel of men the all So
Israel. in wrought have they that folly the all to according Benjamin, of Gibeah to come they when do, may they that people, the for victual fetch to thousand, ten of out thousand a and thousand, a of hundred an and Israel, of tribes the all throughout hundred an of men ten take will we And
it; against lot by up go will we Gibeah; to do will we which thing the be shall this now But
house. his into turn us of any we will neither tent, his to go us of any not will We saying, man, one as arose people the all And
counsel. and advice your here give Israel; of children all are ye Behold,
Israel. in folly and lewdness committed have they for Israel: of inheritance the of country the all throughout her sent and pieces, in her cut and concubine, my took I And
dead. is she that forced, they have concubine my and me: slain have to thought and night, by me upon about round house the beset and me, against rose Gibeah of men the And
lodge. to concubine, my and I Benjamin, to belongeth that Gibeah into came I said, and answered slain, was that woman the of husband the Levite, the And
wickedness? this was how us, Tell Israel, of children the said Then Mizpeh.) to up gone were Israel of children the that heard Benjamin of children the (Now
sword. drew that footmen thousand hundred four God, of people the of assembly the in themselves presented Israel, of tribes the all of even people, the all of chief the And
Mizpeh. in Lord the unto Gilead, of land the with Beersheba, to even Dan from man, one as together gathered was congregation the and out, went Israel of children the all Then
minds. your speak and advice, take it, of consider day: this unto Egypt of land the of out up came Israel of children the that day the from seen nor done deed such no was There said, it saw that all that so, was it And
Israel. of coasts the all into her sent and pieces, twelve into bones, her with together her, divided and concubine, his on hold laid and knife, a took he house, his into come was he when And
place. his unto him gat and up, rose man the and ass, an upon up her took man the Then answered. none But going. be us let and Up, her, unto said he And
threshold. the upon were hands her and house, the of door the at down fallen was concubine his woman the behold, and, way: his go to out went and house, the of doors the opened and morning, the in up rose lord her And
light. was it till was, lord her where house man's the of door the at down fell and day, the of dawning the in woman the came Then
go. her let they spring, to began day the when and morning: the until night the all her abused and her, knew they and them; unto forth her brought and concubine, his took man the so him: to hearken not would men the But
thing. a vile so not do man this unto but you: unto good seemeth what them with do and them, ye humble and now, out bring will I them concubine; his and maiden, a daughter my is here Behold,
folly. this not do house, mine into come is man this that seeing wickedly; so not do you, pray I nay, brethren, my Nay, them, unto said and them, unto out went house, the of master the man, the And
him. know may we that house, thine into came that man the forth Bring saying, man, old the house, the of master the to spake and door, the at beat and about, round house the beset Belial, of sons certain city, the of men the behold, merry, hearts their making were they as Now
drink. and eat did and feet, their washed they and asses: the unto provender gave and house, his into him brought he So
street. the in not lodge only me; upon lie wants thy all let howsoever thee; with be Peace said, man old the And
thing. any of want no is there servants: thy with is which man young the for and handmaid, thy for and me, for also wine and bread is there and asses; our for provender and straw both is there Yet
house. to me receiveth that man no is there and ; Lord the of house the to going now am I but Bethlehemjudah, to went I and I: am thence from Ephraim; mount of side the toward Bethlehemjudah from passing are We him, unto said he And
thou? comest whence and thou? goest Whither said, man old the and city: the of street the in man wayfaring a saw he eyes, his up lifted had he when And
Benjamites. were place the of men the but Gibeah: in sojourned he and Ephraim; mount of also was which even, at field the of out work his from man old an came there behold, And,
lodging. to house his into them took that man no was there for city: the of street a in down him sat he in, went he when and Gibeah: in lodge to and in go to thither, aside turned they And
Benjamin. to belongeth which Gibeah, by were they when them upon down went sun the and way; their went and on passed they And
Ramah. in or Gibeah, in night, all lodge to places these of one to near draw us let and Come, servant, his unto said he And
Gibeah. to over pass will we Israel; of children the of not is that stranger, a of city the into hither aside turn not will We him, unto said master his And
it. in lodge and Jebusites, the of city this into in turn us let and thee, pray I Come, master, his unto said servant the and spent; far was day the Jebus, by were they when And
him. with was also concubine his saddled, asses two him with were there and Jerusalem; is which Jebus, against over came and departed, and up rose he but night, that tarry not would man the But
home. go mayest thou that way, your on early you get morrow to and merry; be may heart thine that here, lodge end, an to groweth day the behold, night: all tarry you pray I evening, toward draweth day the now Behold, him, unto said father, damsel's the law, in father his servant, his and concubine, his and he, depart, to up rose man the when And
them. of both eat did they and afternoon, until tarried they And thee. pray I heart, thine Comfort said, father damsel's the and depart; to day fifth the on morning the in early arose he And
again. there lodged he therefore him: urged law in father his depart, to up rose man the when And
merry. be heart thine let and night, all tarry and thee, pray I content, Be man, the unto said had father damsel's the for together: them of both drink and eat did and down, sat they And
way. your go afterward and bread, of morsel a with heart thine Comfort law, in son his unto said father damsel's the and depart: to up rose he that morning, the in early arose they when day, fourth the on pass to came it And
there. lodged and drink, and eat did they so days: three him with abode he and him; retained father, damsel's the law, in father his And
him. meet to rejoiced he him, saw damsel the of father the when and house: father's her into him brought she and asses: of couple a and him, with servant his having again, her bring to and her, unto friendly speak to her, after went and arose, husband her And
months. whole four there was and Bethlehemjudah, to house father's her unto him from away went and him, against whore the played concubine his And
Bethlehemjudah. of out concubine a him to took who Ephraim, mount of side the on sojourning Levite certain a was there that Israel, in king no was there when days, those in pass to came it And
Shiloh. in was God of house the that time the all made, he which image, graven Micah's up them set they And
land. the of captivity the of day the until Dan of tribe the to priests were sons his and he Manasseh, of son the Gershom, of son the Jonathan, and image: graven the up set Dan of children the And
first. the at Laish was city the of name the howbeit Israel: unto born was who father, their Dan of name the after Dan, city the of name the called they And
therein. dwelt and city, a built they And Bethrehob. by lieth that valley the in was it and man; any with business no had they and Zidon, from far was it because deliverer, no was there And
fire. with city the burnt and sword, the of edge the with them smote they and secure: and quiet at were that people a unto Laish, unto came and had, he which priest the and made, had Micah which things the took they And
house. his unto back went and turned he him, for strong too were they that saw Micah when and way: their went Dan of children the And
household. thy of lives the with life, thy lose thou and thee, upon run fellows angry lest us, among heard be voice thy not Let him, unto said Dan of children the And
thee? aileth What me, unto say ye that this is what and more? I have what and away: gone are ye and priest, the and made, I which gods my away taken have Ye said, he And
company? a such with comest thou that thee, aileth What Micah, unto said and faces, their turned they And Dan. of children the unto cried they And
Dan. of children the overtook and together, gathered were house Micah's to near houses the in were that men the Micah, of house the from way good a were they when And
them. before carriage the and cattle the and ones little the put and departed, and turned they So
people. the of midst the in went and image, graven the and teraphim, the and ephod, the took he and glad, was heart priest's the And
Israel? in family a and tribe a unto priest a be thou that or man, one of house the unto priest a be to thee for better it is priest: a and father a us to be and us, with go and mouth, thy upon hand thine lay peace, thy Hold him, unto said they And
ye? do What them, unto priest the said Then image. molten the and teraphim, the and ephod, the image, carved the fetched and house, Micah's into went these And
war. of weapons with appointed were that men hundred six the with gate the of entering the in stood priest the and image: molten the and teraphim, the and ephod, the and image, graven the took and thither, in came and up, went land the out spy to went that men five the And
gate. the of entering the by stood Dan, of children the of were which war, of weapons their with appointed men hundred six the And
him. saluted and Micah, of house the unto even Levite, the man young the of house the to came and thitherward, turned they And
do. to have ye what consider therefore now image? molten a and image, graven a and teraphim, and ephod, an houses these in is there that know ye Do brethren, their unto said and Laish, of country the out spy to went that men five the answered Then
Micah. of house the unto came and Ephraim, mount unto thence passed they And
Kirjathjearim. behind is it behold, day: this unto Mahanehdan place that called they wherefore Judah: in Kirjathjearim, in pitched and up, went they And
war. of weapons with appointed men hundred six Eshtaol, of out and Zorah of out Danites, the of family the of thence from went there And
earth. the in is that thing any of want no is there where place a hands; your into it given hath God for land: large a to and secure, people a unto come shall ye go, ye When
land. the possess to enter to and go, to slothful not be still? ye are and good: very is it behold, and, land, the seen have we for them: against up go may we that Arise, said, they And
ye? say What them, unto said brethren their and Eshtaol: and Zorah to brethren their unto came they And
man. any with business no had and Zidonians, the from far were they and thing; any in shame to them put might that land, the in magistrate no was there and secure; and quiet Zidonians, the of manner the after careless, dwelt they how therein, were that people the saw and Laish, to came and departed, men five the Then
go. ye wherein way your is Lord the before peace: in Go them, unto said priest the And
prosperous. be shall go we which way our whether know may we that God, of thee, pray we counsel, Ask him, unto said they And
priest. his am I and me, hired hath and me, with Micah dealeth thus and Thus them, unto said he And
here? thou hast what and place? this in thou makest what and hither? thee brought Who him, unto said and thither, in turned they and Levite: the man young the of voice the knew they Micah, of house the by were they When
there. lodged they Micah, of house the to Ephraim, mount to came they when who land: the search Go, them, unto said they and it; search to and land, the out spy to Eshtaol, from and Zorah, from valour, of men coasts, their from men five family their of sent Dan of children the And
Israel. of tribes the among them unto fallen not had inheritance their all day that unto for in; dwell to inheritance an them sought Danites the of tribe the days those in and Israel: in king no was there days those In
priest. my to Levite a have I seeing good, me do will Lord the that I know Now Micah, said Then
Micah. of house the in was and priest, his became man young the and Levite; the consecrated Micah And
sons. his of one as him unto was man young the and man; the with dwell to content was Levite the And
in. went Levite the So victuals. thy and apparel, of suit a and year, the by silver of shekels ten thee give will I and priest, a and father a me unto be and me, with Dwell him, unto said Micah And
place. a find may I where sojourn to go I and Bethlehemjudah, of Levite a am I him, unto said he And thou? comest Whence him, unto said Micah And
journeyed. he as Micah, of house the to Ephraim mount to came he and place: a find could he where sojourn to Bethlehemjudah from city the of out departed man the And
there. sojourned he and Levite, a was who Judah, of family the of Bethlehemjudah of out man young a was there And
eyes. own his in right was which that did man every but Israel, in king no was there days those In
priest. his became who sons, his of one consecrated and teraphim, and ephod, an made and gods, of house an had Micah man the And
Micah. of house the in were they and image: molten a and image graven a thereof made who founder, the to them gave and silver, of shekels hundred two took mother his and mother; his unto money the restored he Yet
thee. unto it restore will I therefore now image: molten a and image graven a make to son, my for hand my from Lord the unto silver the dedicated wholly had I said, mother his mother, his to silver of shekels hundred eleven the restored had he when And
son. my , Lord the of thou be Blessed said, mother his And it. took I me; with is silver the behold, ears, mine in also of spakest and cursedst, thou which about thee, from taken were that silver of shekels hundred eleven The mother, his unto said he And
Micah. was name whose Ephraim, mount of man a was there And
years. twenty Israel judged he And father. his Manoah of buryingplace the in Eshtaol and Zorah between him buried and up, him brought and him, took and down, came father his of house the all and brethren his Then
life. his in slew he which they than more were death his at slew he which dead the So therein. were that people the all upon and lords, the upon fell house the and might; his all with himself bowed he And Philistines. the with die me Let said, Samson And
left. his with other the of and hand, right his with one the of up, borne was it which on and stood, house the which upon pillars middle two the of hold took Samson And
eyes. two my for Philistines the of avenged once at be may I that God, O once, this only thee, pray I me, strengthen and thee, pray I me, remember God, Lord O said, and , Lord the unto called Samson And
sport. made Samson while beheld that women, and men thousand three about roof the upon were there and there; were Philistines the of lords the all and women; and men of full was house the Now
them. upon lean may I that standeth, house the whereupon pillars the feel may I that me Suffer hand, the by him held that lad the unto said Samson And
pillars. the between him set they and sport: them made he and house; prison the of out Samson for called they And sport. us make may he that Samson, for Call said, they that merry, were hearts their when pass, to came it And
us. of many slew which country, our of destroyer the and enemy, our hands our into delivered hath god Our said, they for god: their praised they him, saw people the when And
hand. our into enemy our Samson delivered hath god Our said, they for rejoice: to and god, their Dagon unto sacrifice great a offer to for together them gathered Philistines the of lords the Then
shaven. was he after again grow to began head his of hair the Howbeit
house. prison the in grind did he and brass; of fetters with him bound and Gaza, to down him brought and eyes, his out put and him, took Philistines the But
him. from departed was Lord the that not wist he And myself. shake and before, times other at as out go will I said, and sleep, his of out awoke he And Samson. thee, upon be Philistines The said, she And
him. from went strength his and him, afflict to began she and head; his of locks seven the off shave to him caused she and man, a for called she and knees; her upon sleep him made she And
hand. their in money brought and her, unto up came Philistines the of lords the Then heart. his all me shewed hath he for once, this up Come saying, Philistines, the of lords the for called and sent she heart, his all her told had he that saw Delilah when And
man. other any like be and weak, become shall I and me, from go will strength my then shaven, be I if womb: mother's my from God unto Nazarite a been have I for head; mine upon razor a come not hath There her, unto said and heart, his all her told he That
death; unto vexed was soul his that so him, urged and words, her with daily him pressed she when pass, to came it And
lieth. strength great thy wherein me told not hast and times, three these me mocked hast thou me? with not is heart thine when thee, love I say, thou canst How him, unto said she And
web. the with and beam, the of pin the with away went and sleep, his of out awaked he And Samson. thee, upon be Philistines The him, unto said and pin, the with it fastened she And
web. the with head my of locks seven the weavest thou If her, unto said he And bound. be mightest thou wherewith me tell lies: me told and me, mocked hast thou Hitherto Samson, unto said Delilah And
thread. a like arms his off from them brake he And chamber. the in abiding wait in liers were there And Samson. thee, upon be Philistines The him, unto said and therewith, him bound and ropes, new took therefore Delilah
man. another as be and weak, be I shall then occupied, were never that ropes new with fast me bind they If her, unto said he And
bound. be mightest thou wherewith thee, pray I me, tell now lies: me told and me, mocked hast thou Behold, Samson, unto said Delilah And
known. not was strength his So fire. the toucheth it when broken is tow of thread a as withs, the brake he And Samson. thee, upon be Philistines The him, unto said she And chamber. the in her with abiding wait, in lying men were there Now
them. with him bound she and dried, been not had which withs green seven her to up brought Philistines the of lords the Then
man. another as be and weak, be I shall then dried, never were that withs green seven with me bind they If her, unto said Samson And
thee. afflict to bound be mightest thou wherewith and lieth, strength great thy wherein thee, pray I me, Tell Samson, to said Delilah And
silver. of pieces hundred eleven us of one every thee give will we and him; afflict to him bind may we that him, against prevail may we means what by and lieth, strength great his wherein see and him, Entice her, unto said and her, unto up came Philistines the of lords the And
Delilah. was name whose Sorek, of valley the in woman a loved he that afterward, pass to came it And
Hebron. before is that hill an of top the to up them carried and shoulders, his upon them put and all, and bar them, with away went and posts, two the and city, the of gate the of doors the took and midnight, at arose and midnight, till lay Samson And
him. kill shall we day, is it when morning, the In saying, night, the all quiet were and city, the of gate the in night all him for wait laid and in, him compassed they And hither. come is Samson saying, Gazites, the told was it And
her. unto in went and harlot, an there saw and Gaza, to Samson went Then
years. twenty Philistines the of days the in Israel judged he And
day. this unto Lehi in is which Enhakkore, thereof name the called he wherefore revived: he and again, came spirit his drunk, had he when and thereout; water came there and jaw, the in was that place hollow an clave God But
uncircumcised? the of hand the into fall and thirst, for die I shall now and servant: thy of hand the into deliverance great this given hast Thou said, and , Lord the on called and athirst, sore was he And
Ramathlehi. place that called and hand, his of out jawbone the away cast he that speaking, of end an made had he when pass, to came it And
men. thousand a slain I have ass an of jaw the with heaps, upon heaps ass, an of jawbone the With said, Samson And
therewith. men thousand a slew and it, took and hand, his forth put and ass, an of jawbone new a found he And
hands. his off from loosed bands his and fire, with burnt was that flax as became arms his upon were that cords the and him, upon mightily came Lord the of Spirit the and him: against shouted Philistines the Lehi, unto came he when And
rock. the from up him brought and cords, new two with him bound they And thee. kill not will we surely but hand: their into thee deliver and fast, thee bind will we but No; saying, him, unto spake they And
yourselves. me upon fall not will ye that me, unto Swear them, unto said Samson And Philistines. the of hand the into thee deliver may we that thee, bind to down come are We him, unto said they And
them. unto done I have so me, unto did they As them, unto said he And us? unto done hast thou that this is what us? over rulers are Philistines the that not thou Knowest Samson, to said and Etam, rock the of top the to went Judah of men thousand three Then
us. to done hath he as him to do to up, come we are Samson bind To answered, they And us? against up come ye are Why said, Judah of men the And
Lehi. in themselves spread and Judah, in pitched and up, went Philistines the Then
Etam. rock the of top the in dwelt and down went he and slaughter: great a with thigh and hip them smote he And
cease. will I that after and you, of avenged be I will yet this, done have ye Though them, unto said Samson And
fire. with father her and her burnt and up, came Philistines the And companion. his to her given and wife, his taken had he because Timnite, the of law in son the Samson, answered, they And this? done hath Who said, Philistines the Then
olives. and vineyards the with corn, standing the also and shocks, the both up burnt and Philistines, the of corn standing the into go them let he fire, on brands the set had he when And
tails. two between midst the in firebrand a put and tail, to tail turned and firebrands, took and foxes, hundred three caught and went Samson And
displeasure. a them do I though Philistines, the than blameless more be I shall Now them, concerning said Samson And
her. of instead thee, pray I her, take she? than fairer sister younger her not is companion: thy to her gave I therefore her; hated utterly hadst thou that thought verily I said, father her And
in. go to him suffer not would father her But chamber. the into wife my to in go will I said, he and kid; a with wife his visited Samson that harvest, wheat of time the in after, while a within pass to came it But
friend. his as used had he whom companion, his to given was wife Samson's But
house. father's his to up went he and kindled, was anger his And riddle. the expounded which them unto garments of change gave and spoil, their took and them, of men thirty slew and Ashkelon, to down went he and him, upon came Lord the of Spirit the And
riddle. my out found not had ye heifer, my with plowed not had ye If them, unto said he and lion? a than stronger is what And honey? than sweeter is What down, went sun the before day seventh the on him unto said city the of men the And
people. her of children the to riddle the told she and him: upon sore lay she because her, told he that day, seventh the on pass to came it and lasted: feast their while days, seven the him before wept she And
thee? it tell I shall and mother, my nor father my it told not have I Behold, her, unto said he And me. it told not hast and people, my of children the unto riddle a forth put hast thou not: me lovest and me, hate but dost Thou said, and him, before wept wife Samson's And
so? not it is have? we that take to us called ye have fire: with house father's thy and thee burn we lest riddle, the us unto declare may he that husband, thy Entice wife, Samson's unto said they that day, seventh the on pass to came it And
riddle. the expound days three in not could they And sweetness. forth came strong the of out and meat, forth came eater the of Out them, unto said he And
it. hear may we that riddle, thy forth Put him, unto said they And garments. of change thirty and sheets thirty me give ye shall then me, it declare cannot ye if But
garments: of change thirty and sheets thirty you give will I then out, it find and feast, the of days seven the within me it declare certainly can ye if you: unto riddle a forth put now will I them, unto said Samson And
him. with be to companions thirty brought they that him, saw they when pass, to came it And
do. to men young the used so for feast; a there made Samson and woman: the unto down went father his So
lion. the of carcase the of out honey the taken had he that them not told he but eat: did they and them, gave he and mother, and father his to came and eating, on went and hands, his in thereof took he And
lion. the of carcase the in honey and bees of swarm a was there behold, and, lion: the of carcase the see to aside turned he and her, take to returned he time a after And
well. Samson pleased she and woman; the with talked and down, went he And
done. had he what mother his or father his not told he but hand: his in nothing had he and kid, a rent have would he as him rent he and him, upon mightily came Lord the of Spirit the And
him. against roared lion young a behold, and, Timnath: of vineyards the to came and Timnath, to mother, his and father his and down, Samson went Then
Israel. over dominion had Philistines the time that at for Philistines: the against occasion an sought he that , Lord the of was it that not knew mother his and father his But
well. me pleaseth she for me; for her Get father, his unto said Samson And Philistines? uncircumcised the of wife a take to goest thou that people, my all among or brethren, thy of daughters the among woman a never there Is him, unto said mother his and father his Then
wife. to me for her get therefore now Philistines: the of daughters the of Timnath in woman a seen have I said, and mother, his and father his told and up, came he And
Philistines. the of daughters the of Timnath in woman a saw and Timnath, to down went Samson And
Eshtaol. and Zorah between Dan of camp the in times at him move to began Lord the of Spirit the And
him. blessed Lord the and grew, child the and Samson: name his called and son, a bare woman the And
these. as things such us told have time this at as would nor things, these all us shewed have he would neither hands, our at offering meat a and offering burnt a received have not would he us, kill to pleased were Lord the If him, unto said wife his But
God. seen have we because die, surely shall We wife, his unto said Manoah And
. Lord the of angel an was he that knew Manoah Then wife. his to and Manoah to appear more no did Lord the of angel the But
ground. the to faces their on fell and it, on looked wife his and Manoah And altar. the of flame the in ascended Lord the of angel the that altar, the off from heaven toward up went flame the when pass, to came it For
on. looked wife his and Manoah and wonderously; did angel the and : Lord the unto rock a upon it offered and offering, meat a with kid a took Manoah So
secret? is it seeing name, my after thus thou askest Why him, unto said Lord the of angel the And
honour? thee do may we pass to come sayings thy when that name, thy is What , Lord the of angel the unto said Manoah And
. Lord the of angel an was he that not knew Manoah For . Lord the unto it offer must thou offering, burnt a offer wilt thou if and bread: thy of eat not will I me, detain thou Though Manoah, unto said Lord the of angel the And
thee. for kid a ready made have shall we until thee, detain us let thee, pray I , Lord the of angel the unto said Manoah And
observe. her let her commanded I that all thing: unclean any eat nor drink, strong or wine drink her let neither vine, the of cometh that thing any of eat not may She
beware. her let woman the unto said I that all Of Manoah, unto said Lord the of angel the And
him? unto do we shall how and child, the order we shall How pass. to come words thy let Now said, Manoah And
am. I said, he And woman? the unto spakest that man the thou Art him, unto said and man, the to came and wife, his after went and arose, Manoah And
day. other the me unto came that me, unto appeared hath man the Behold, him, unto said and husband, her shewed and ran, and haste, made woman the And
her. with not was husband her Manoah but field: the in sat she as woman the unto again came God of angel the and Manoah; of voice the to hearkened God And
born. be shall that child the unto do shall we what us teach and us, unto again come send didst thou which God of man the let Lord, my O said, and , Lord the intreated Manoah Then
death. his of day the to womb the from God to Nazarite a be shall child the for thing: unclean any eat neither drink, strong nor wine no drink now and son; a bear and conceive, shalt thou Behold, me, unto said he But
name: his me he told neither was, he whence not him asked I but terrible: very God, of angel an of countenance the like was countenance his and me, unto came God of man A saying, husband, her told and came woman the Then
Philistines. the of hand the of out Israel deliver to begin shall he and womb: the from God unto Nazarite a be shall child the for head: his on come shall razor no and son; a bear and conceive, shalt thou lo, For,
thing: unclean any not eat and drink, strong nor wine not drink and thee, pray I beware, therefore Now
son. a bear and conceive, shalt thou but not: bearest and barren, art thou now, Behold her, unto said and woman, the unto appeared Lord the of angel the And
not. bare and barren, was wife his and Manoah; was name whose Danites, the of family the of Zorah, of man certain a was there And
years. forty Philistines the of hand the into them delivered Lord the and ; Lord the of sight the in again evil did Israel of children the And
Amalekites. the of mount the in Ephraim, of land the in Pirathon in buried was and died, Pirathonite the Hillel of son the Abdon And
years. eight Israel judged he and colts: ass ten and threescore on rode that nephews, thirty and sons forty had he And
Israel. judged Pirathonite, a Hillel, of son the Abdon him after And
Zebulun. of country the in Aijalon in buried was and died, Zebulonite the Elon And
years. ten Israel judged he and Israel; judged Zebulonite, a Elon, him after And
Bethlehem. at buried was and Ibzan, died Then
years. seven Israel judged he And sons. his for abroad from daughters thirty in took and abroad, sent he whom daughters, thirty and sons, thirty had he And
Israel. judged Bethlehem of Ibzan him after And
Gilead. of cities the of one in buried was and Gileadite, the Jephthah died Then years. six Israel judged Jephthah And
thousand. two and forty Ephraimites the of time that at fell there and Jordan: of passages the at him slew and him, took they Then right. it pronounce to frame not could he for Sibboleth: said he and Shibboleth: now Say him, unto they said Then
Nay; said, he If Ephraimite? an thou Art him, unto said Gilead of men the that over; go me Let said, escaped were which Ephraimites those when that so, was it and Ephraimites: the before Jordan of passages the took Gileadites the And
Manassites. the among and Ephraimites, the among Ephraim of fugitives are Gileadites Ye said, they because Ephraim, smote Gilead of men the and Ephraim: with fought and Gilead, of men the all together gathered Jephthah Then
me? against fight to day, this me unto up come ye are then wherefore hand: my into them delivered Lord the and Ammon, of children the against over passed and hands, my in life my put I not, me delivered ye that saw I when And
hands. their of out not me delivered ye you, called I when and Ammon; of children the with strife great at were people my and I them, unto said Jephthah And
fire. with thee upon house thine burn will we thee? with go to us call not didst and Ammon, of children the against fight to over thou passedst Wherefore Jephthah, unto said and northward, went and together, themselves gathered Ephraim of men the And
year. a in days four Gileadite the Jephthah of daughter the lament to yearly went Israel of daughters the That
Israel, in custom a was it And man. no knew she and vowed: had he which vow his to according her with did who father, her unto returned she that months, two of end the at pass to came it And
mountains. the upon virginity her bewailed and companions, her with went she and months: two for away her sent he And Go. said, he And
fellows. my and I virginity, my bewail and mountains, the upon down and up go may I that months, two alone me let me: for done be thing this Let father, her unto said she And
Ammon. of children the of even enemies, thine of thee for vengeance taken hath Lord the as forasmuch mouth; thy of out proceeded hath which that to according me to do , Lord the unto mouth thy opened hast thou if father, My him, unto said she And
back. go cannot I and , Lord the unto mouth my opened have I for me: trouble that them of one art thou and low, very me brought hast thou daughter! my Alas, said, and clothes, his rent he that her, saw he when pass, to came it And
daughter. nor son neither had he her beside child; only his was she and dances: with and timbrels with him meet to out came daughter his behold, and, house, his unto Mizpeh to came Jephthah And
Israel. of children the before subdued were Ammon of children the Thus slaughter. great very a with vineyards, the of plain the unto and cities, twenty even Minnith, to come thou till even Aroer, from them smote he And
hands. his into them delivered Lord the and them; against fight to Ammon of children the unto over passed Jephthah So
offering. burnt a for up it offer will I and 's, Lord the be surely shall Ammon, of children the from peace in return I when me, meet to house my of doors the of forth cometh whatsoever that be, shall it Then
hands, mine into Ammon of children the deliver fail without shalt thou If said, and , Lord the unto vow a vowed Jephthah And
Ammon. of children the unto over passed he Gilead of Mizpeh from and Gilead, of Mizpeh over passed and Manasseh, and Gilead, over passed he and Jephthah, upon came Lord the of Spirit the Then
him. sent he which Jephthah of words the unto not hearkened Ammon of children the of king the Howbeit
Ammon. of children the and Israel of children the between day this judge be Judge the Lord the me: against war to wrong me doest thou but thee, against sinned not have I Wherefore
time? that within them recover not ye did therefore why years? hundred three Arnon, of coasts the by along be that cities the all in and towns, her and Aroer in and towns, her and Heshbon in dwelt Israel While
them, against fight ever he did or Israel, against strive ever he did Moab? of king Zippor, of son the Balak than better thing any thou art now And
possess. we will them us, before from out drive shall God our Lord the whomsoever So possess? to thee giveth god thy Chemosh which that possess thou not Wilt
it? possess thou shouldest and Israel, people his before from Amorites the dispossessed hath Israel of God Lord the now So
Jordan. unto even wilderness the from and Jabbok, unto even Arnon from Amorites, the of coasts the all possessed they And
country. that of inhabitants the Amorites, the of land the all possessed Israel so them: smote they and Israel, of hand the into people his all and Sihon delivered Israel of God Lord the And
Israel. against fought and Jahaz, in pitched and together, people his all gathered Sihon but coast: his through pass to Israel not trusted Sihon But
place. my into land thy through thee, pray we pass, us Let him, unto said Israel and Heshbon; of king the Amorites, the of king Sihon unto messengers sent Israel And
Moab. of border the was Arnon for Moab: of border the within not came but Arnon, of side other the on pitched and Moab, of land the of side east the by came and Moab, of land the and Edom, of land the compassed and wilderness, the through along went they Then
Kadesh. in abode Israel and consent: not would he but Moab: of king the unto sent they manner like in And thereto. hearken not would Edom of king the but land: thy through pass thee, pray I me, Let saying, Edom, of king the unto messengers sent Israel Then
Kadesh; to came and sea, Red the unto wilderness the through walked and Egypt, from up came Israel when But
Ammon: of children the of land the nor Moab, of land the away not took Israel Jephthah, saith Thus him, unto said And
Ammon: of children the of king the unto again messengers sent Jephthah And
peaceably. again lands those restore therefore now Jordan: unto and Jabbok, unto even Arnon from Egypt, of out up came they when land, my away took Israel Because Jephthah, of messengers the unto answered Ammon of children the of king the And
land? my in fight to me against come art thou that me, with do to thou hast What saying, Ammon, of children the of king the unto messengers sent Jephthah And
Mizpeh. in Lord the before words his all uttered Jephthah and them: over captain and head him made people the and Gilead, of elders the with went Jephthah Then
words. thy to according so not do we if us, between witness be Lord The Jephthah, unto said Gilead of elders the And
head? your be I shall me, before them deliver Lord the and Ammon, of children the against fight to again home me bring ye If Gilead, of elders the unto said Jephthah And
Gilead. of inhabitants the all over head our be and Ammon, of children the against fight and us, with go mayest thou that now, thee to again turn we Therefore Jephthah, unto said Gilead of elders the And
distress? in are ye when now me unto come ye are why and house? father's my of out me expel and me, hate ye not Did Gilead, of elders the unto said Jephthah And
Ammon. of children the with fight may we that captain, our be and Come, Jephthah, unto said they And
Tob: of land the of out Jephthah fetch to went Gilead of elders the Israel, against war made Ammon of children the when that so, was it And
Israel. against war made Ammon of children the that time, of process in pass to came it And
him. with out went and Jephthah, to men vain gathered were there and Tob: of land the in dwelt and brethren, his from fled Jephthah Then
woman. strange a of son the art thou for house; father's our in inherit not shalt Thou him, unto said and Jephthah, out thrust they and up, grew sons wife's his and sons; him bare wife Gilead's And
Jephthah. begat Gilead and harlot: an of son the was he and valour, of man mighty a was Gileadite the Jephthah Now
Gilead. of inhabitants the all over head be shall he Ammon? of children the against fight to begin will that he is man What another, to one said Gilead of princes and people the And
Mizpeh. in encamped and together, themselves assembled Israel of children the And Gilead. in encamped and together, gathered were Ammon of children the Then
Israel. of misery the for grieved was soul his and : Lord the served and them, among from gods strange the away put they And
day. this thee, pray we only, us deliver thee; unto good seemeth whatsoever us unto thou do sinned: have We , Lord the unto said Israel of children the And
tribulation. your of time the in you deliver them let chosen; have ye which gods the unto cry and Go
more. no you deliver will I wherefore gods: other served and me, forsaken have ye Yet
hand. their of out you delivered I and me, to cried ye and you; oppress did Maonites, the and Amalekites, the and also, Zidonians The
Philistines? the from and Ammon, of children the from Amorites, the from and Egyptians, the from you deliver I not Did Israel, of children the unto said Lord the And
Baalim. served also and God, our forsaken have we because both thee, against sinned have We saying, , Lord the unto cried Israel of children the And
distressed. sore was Israel that so Ephraim; of house the against and Benjamin, against and Judah, against also fight to Jordan over passed Ammon of children the Moreover
Gilead. in is which Amorites, the of land the in Jordan side other the on were that Israel of children the all years, eighteen Israel: of children the oppressed and vexed they year that And
Ammon. of children the of hands the into and Philistines, the of hands the into them sold he and Israel, against hot was Lord the of anger the And
him. not served and , Lord the forsook and Philistines, the of gods the and Ammon, of children the of gods the and Moab, of gods the and Zidon, of gods the and Syria, of gods the and Ashtaroth, and Baalim, served and , Lord the of sight the in again evil did Israel of children the And
Camon. in buried was and died, Jair And
Gilead. of land the in are which day, this unto Havothjair called are which cities, thirty had they and colts, ass thirty on rode that sons thirty had he And
years. two and twenty Israel judged and Gileadite, a Jair, arose him after And
Shamir. in buried was and died, and years, three and twenty Israel judged he And
Ephraim. mount in Shamir in dwelt he and Issachar; of man a Dodo, of son the Puah, of son the Tola Israel defend to arose there Abimelech after And
Jerubbaal. of son the Jotham of curse the came them upon and heads: their upon render God did Shechem of men the of evil the all And
brethren: seventy his slaying in father, his unto did he which Abimelech, of wickedness the rendered God Thus
place. his unto man every departed they dead, was Abimelech that saw Israel of men the when And
died. he and through, him thrust man young his And him. slew women A me, of not say men that me, slay and sword, thy Draw him, unto said and armourbearer, his man young the unto hastily called he Then
skull. his brake to all and head, Abimelech's upon millstone a of piece a cast woman certain a And
fire. with it burn to tower the of door the unto hard went and it, against fought and tower, the unto came Abimelech And
tower. the of top the to up them gat and them, to it shut and city, the of they all and women, and men the all fled thither and city, the within tower strong a was there But
it. took and Thebez, against encamped and Thebez, to Abimelech went Then
women. and men thousand a about also, died Shechem of tower the of men the all that so them; upon fire on hold the set and hold, the to them put and Abimelech, followed and bough, his man every down cut likewise people the all And
done. have I as do and haste, make do, me seen have ye What him, with were that people the unto said and shoulder, his on it laid and it, took and trees, the from bough a down cut and hand, his in axe an took Abimelech and him; with were that people the all and he Zalmon, mount to up him gat Abimelech And
together. gathered were Shechem of tower the of men the all that Abimelech, told was it And
Berith. god the of house the of hold an into entered they that, heard Shechem of tower the of men the all when And
salt. with it sowed and city, the down beat and therein, was that people the slew and city, the took he and day; that all city the against fought Abimelech And
them. slew and fields, the in were that people the all upon ran companies other two the and city: the of gate the of entering the in stood and forward, rushed him, with was that company the and Abimelech, And
them. smote and them, against up rose he and city; the of out forth come were people the behold, and, looked, and field, the in wait laid and companies, three into them divided and people, the took he And
Abimelech. told they and field; the into out went people the that morrow, the on pass to came it And
Shechem. in dwell not should they that brethren, his and Gaal out thrust Zebul and Arumah: at dwelt Abimelech And
gate. the of entering the unto even wounded, and overthrown were many and him, before fled he and him, chased Abimelech And
Abimelech. with fought and Shechem, of men the before out went Gaal And
them. with fight and now, pray I out, go despised? hast thou that people the this not is him? serve should we that Abimelech, is Who saidst, thou wherewith mouth, thy now is Where him, unto Zebul said Then
Meonenim. of plain the by along come company another and land, the of middle the by down people come there See said, and again, spake Gaal And
men. were they if as mountains the of shadow the seest Thou him, unto said Zebul And mountains. the of top the from down people come there Behold, Zebul, to said he people, the saw Gaal when And
wait. in lying from him, with were that people the and up, rose Abimelech and city: the of gate the of entering the in stood and out, went Ebed of son the Gaal And
companies. four in Shechem against wait laid they and night, by him, with were that people the all and up, rose Abimelech And
occasion. find shalt thou as them to do thou mayest then thee, against out come him with is that people the and he when behold, and, city: the upon set and early, rise shalt thou up, is sun the as soon as morning, the in that be, shall it And
field: the in wait in lie and thee, with is that people the and thou night, by up therefore Now
thee. against city the fortify they behold, and, Shechem; to come be brethren his and Ebed of son the Gaal Behold, saying, privily, Abimelech unto messengers sent he And
kindled. was anger his Ebed, of son the Gaal of words the heard city the of ruler the Zebul when And
out. come and army, thine Increase Abimelech, to said he And Abimelech. remove I would then hand! my under were people this God to would And
him? serve we should why for Shechem: of father the Hamor of men the serve officer? his Zebul and Jerubbaal? of son the he not is him? serve should we that Shechem, is who and Abimelech, is Who said, Ebed of son the Gaal And
Abimelech. cursed and drink, and eat did and god, their of house the into went and merry, made and grapes, the trode and vineyards, their gathered and fields, the into out went they And
him. in confidence their put Shechem of men the and Shechem: to over went and brethren, his with came Ebed of son the Gaal And
Abimelech. told was it and them: by way that along came that all robbed they and mountains, the of top the in him for wait in liers set Shechem of men the And
brethren. his of killing the in him aided which Shechem, of men the upon and them; slew which brother, their Abimelech upon laid be blood their and come, might Jerubbaal of sons ten and threescore the to done cruelty the That
Abimelech: with treacherously dealt Shechem of men the and Shechem; of men the and Abimelech between spirit evil an sent God Then
Israel, over years three reigned had Abimelech When
brother. his Abimelech of fear for there, dwelt and Beer, to went and fled, and away, ran Jotham And
Abimelech. devour and Millo, of house the from and Shechem, of men the from out come fire let and Millo; of house the and Shechem, of men the devour and Abimelech, from out come fire let not, if But
you: in rejoice also him let and Abimelech, in ye rejoice then day, this house his with and Jerubbaal with sincerely and truly dealt have then ye If
brother;) your is he because Shechem, of men the over king maidservant, his of son the Abimelech, made have and stone, one upon persons, ten and threescore sons, his slain have and day, this house father's my against up risen are ye And
Midian: of hand the of out you delivered and far, life his adventured and you, for fought father my (For
hands; his of deserving the to according him unto done have and house, his and Jerubbaal with well dealt have ye if and king, Abimelech made have ye that in sincerely, and truly done have ye if therefore, Now
Lebanon. of cedars the devour and bramble, the of out come fire let not, if and shadow: my in trust your put and come then you, over king me anoint ye truth in If trees, the unto said bramble the And
us. over reign and thou, Come bramble, the unto trees the all said Then
trees? the over promoted be to go and man, and God cheereth which wine, my leave I Should them, unto said vine the And
us. over reign and thou, Come vine, the unto trees the said Then
trees? the over promoted be to go and fruit, good my and sweetness, my forsake I Should them, unto said tree fig the But
us. over reign and thou, Come tree, fig the to said trees the And
trees? the over promoted be to go and man, and God honour they me by wherewith fatness, my leave I Should them, unto said tree olive the But
us. over thou Reign tree, olive the unto said they and them; over king a anoint to time a on forth went trees The
you. unto hearken may God that Shechem, of men ye me, unto Hearken them, unto said and cried, and voice, his up lifted and Gerizim, mount of top the in stood and went he Jotham, to it told they when And
Shechem. in was that pillar the of plain the by king, Abimelech made and went, and Millo, of house the all and together, gathered Shechem of men the all And
himself. hid he for left; was Jerubbaal of son youngest the Jotham yet notwithstanding stone: one upon persons, ten and threescore being Jerubbaal, of sons the brethren his slew and Ophrah, at house father's his unto went he And
him. followed which persons, light and vain hired Abimelech wherewith Baalberith, of house the of out silver of pieces ten and threescore him gave they And
brother. our is He said, they for Abimelech; follow to inclined hearts their and words: these all Shechem of men the all of ears the in him of spake brethren mother's his And
flesh. your and bone your am I that also remember you? over reign one that or you, over reign persons, ten and threescore are which Jerubbaal, of sons the all that either you, for better is Whether Shechem, of men the all of ears the in you, pray I Speak,
saying, father, mother's his of house the of family the all with and them, with communed and brethren, mother's his unto Shechem to went Jerubbaal of son the Abimelech And
Israel. unto shewed had he which goodness the all to according Gideon, namely, Jerubbaal, of house the to kindness they shewed Neither
side: every on enemies their all of hands the of out them delivered had who God, their Lord the not remembered Israel of children the And
god. their Baalberith made and Baalim, after whoring a went and again, turned Israel of children the that dead, was Gideon as soon as pass, to came it And
Abiezrites. the of Ophrah in father, his Joash of sepulchre the in buried was and age, old good a in died Joash of son the Gideon And
Abimelech. called he name whose son, a him bare also she Shechem, in was that concubine his And
wives. many had he for begotten: body his of sons ten and threescore had Gideon And
house. own his in dwelt and went Joash of son the Jerubbaal And
Gideon. of days the in years forty quietness in was country the And more. no heads their up lifted they that so Israel, of children the before subdued Midian was Thus
house. his to and Gideon, unto snare a became thing which it: after whoring a thither went Israel all and Ophrah: in even city, his in it put and thereof, ephod an made Gideon And
necks. camels' their about were that chains the beside and Midian, of kings the on was that raiment purple and collars, and ornaments, beside gold; of shekels hundred seven and thousand a was requested he that earrings golden the of weight the And
prey. his of earrings the man every therein cast did and garment, a spread they And them. give willingly will We answered, they And
Ishmaelites.) were they because earrings, golden had they (For prey. his of earrings the man every me give would ye that you, of request a desire would I them, unto said Gideon And
you. over rule shall Lord the you: over rule son my shall neither you, over rule not will I them, unto said Gideon And
Midian. of hand the from us delivered hast thou for also: son son's thy and son, thy and thou, both us, over thou Rule Gideon, unto said Israel of men the Then
necks. camels' their on were that ornaments the away took and Zalmunna, and Zebah slew and arose, Gideon And strength. his is so is, man the as for us: upon fall and thou, Rise said, Zalmunna and Zebah Then
youth. a yet was he because feared, he for sword: his not drew youth the But them. slay and Up, firstborn, his Jether unto said he And
you. slay not would I alive, them saved had ye if liveth, Lord the as mother: my of sons the even brethren, my were They said, he And
king. a of children the resembled one each they; were so art, thou As answered, they And Tabor? at slew ye whom they were men of manner What Zalmunna, and Zebah unto he said Then
city. the of men the slew and Penuel, of tower the down beat he And
Succoth. of men the taught he them with and briers, and wilderness the of thorns and city, the of elders the took he And
weary? are that men thy unto bread give should we that hand, thine in now Zalmunna and Zebah of hands the Are saying, me, upbraid did ye whom with Zalmunna, and Zebah Behold said, and Succoth, of men the unto came he And
men. seventeen and threescore even thereof, elders the and Succoth, of princes the him unto described he and him: of enquired and Succoth, of men the of man young a caught And
up, was sun the before battle from returned Joash of son the Gideon And
host. the all discomfited and Zalmunna, and Zebah Midian, of kings two the took and them, after pursued he fled, Zalmunna and Zebah when And
secure. was host the for host; the smote and Jogbehah, and Nobah of east the on tents in dwelt that them of way the by up went Gideon And
sword. drew that men thousand twenty and hundred an fell there for east: the of children the of hosts the all of left were that all men, thousand fifteen about them, with hosts their and Karkor, in were Zalmunna and Zebah Now
tower. this down break will I peace, in again come I When saying, Penuel, of men the unto also spake he And
him. answered had Succoth of men the as him answered Penuel of men the and likewise: them unto spake and Penuel, to thence up went he And
briers. with and wilderness the of thorns the with flesh your tear will I then hand, mine into Zalmunna and Zebah delivered hath Lord the when Therefore said, Gideon And
army? thine unto bread give should we that hand, thine in now Zalmunna and Zebah of hands the Are said, Succoth of princes the And
Midian. of kings Zalmunna, and Zebah after pursuing am I and faint, be they for me; follow that people the unto bread of loaves you, pray I Give, Succoth, of men the unto said he And
them. pursuing yet faint, him, with were that men hundred three the and he, over, passed and Jordan, to came Gideon And
that. said had he when him, toward abated was anger their Then you? of comparison in do to able I was what and Zeeb: and Oreb Midian, of princes the hands your into delivered hath God
Abiezer? of vintage the than better Ephraim of grapes the of gleaning the not Is you? of comparison in now done I have What them, unto said he And
sharply. him with chide did they And Midianites? the with fight to wentest thou when not, us calledst thou that thus, us served thou hast Why him, unto said Ephraim of men the And
Jordan. side other the on Gideon to Zeeb and Oreb of heads the brought and Midian, pursued and Zeeb, of winepress the at slew they Zeeb and Oreb, rock the upon Oreb slew they and Zeeb; and Oreb Midianites, the of princes two took they And
Jordan. and Bethbarah unto waters the took and together, themselves gathered Ephraim of men the all Then Jordan. and Bethbarah unto waters the them before take and Midianites, the against down come saying, Ephraim, mount all throughout messengers sent Gideon And
Midianites. the after pursued and Manasseh, all of out and Asher, of out and Naphtali, of out together themselves gathered Israel of men the And
Tabbath. unto Abelmeholah, of border the to and Zererath, in Bethshittah to fled host the and host: the all throughout even fellow, his against sword man's every set Lord the and trumpets, the blew hundred three the And
fled. and cried, and ran, host the all and camp; the about round place his in man every stood they And
Gideon. of and , Lord the of sword The cried, they and withal: blow to hands right their in trumpets the and hands, left their in lamps the held and pitchers, the brake and trumpets, the blew companies three the And
hands. their in were that pitchers the brake and trumpets, the blew they and watch: the set newly but had they and watch; middle the of beginning the in camp the of outside the unto came him, with were that men hundred the and Gideon, So
Gideon. of and , Lord the of sword The say, and camp, the all of side every on also trumpets the ye blow then me, with are that all and I trumpet, a with blow I When
do. ye shall so do, I as that, be shall it camp, the of outside the to come I when behold, and, likewise: do and me, on Look them, unto said he And
pitchers. the within lamps and pitchers, empty with hand, man's every in trumpet a put he and companies, three into men hundred three the divided he And
Midian. of host the hand your into delivered hath Lord the for Arise; said, and Israel, of host the into returned and worshipped, he that thereof, interpretation the and dream, the of telling the heard Gideon when so, was it And
host. the all and Midian, delivered God hath hand his into for Israel: of man a Joash, of son the Gideon of sword the save else nothing is This said, and answered fellow his And
along. lay tent the that it, overturned and fell, it that it smote and tent, a unto came and Midian, of host the into tumbled bread barley of cake a lo, and, dream, a dreamed I Behold, said, and fellow, his unto dream a told that man a was there behold, come, was Gideon when And
multitude. for side sea the by sand the as number, without were camels their and multitude; for grasshoppers like valley the in along lay east the of children the all and Amalekites the and Midianites the And
host. the in were that men armed the of outside the unto servant his Phurah with down he went Then host. the unto down go to strengthened be hands thine shall afterward and say; they what hear shalt thou And
host: the to down servant thy Phurah with thou go down, go to fear thou if But
hand. thine into it delivered have I for host; the unto down thee get Arise, him, unto said Lord the that night, same the pass to came it And
valley. the in him beneath was Midian of host the and men: hundred three those retained and tent, his unto man every Israel of rest the all sent he and trumpets: their and hand, their in victuals took people the So
place. his unto man every go people other the all let and hand: thine into Midianites the deliver and you, save I will lapped that men hundred three the By Gideon, unto said Lord the And
water. drink to knees their upon down bowed people the of rest the all but men: hundred three were mouth, their to hand their putting lapped, that them of number the And
drink. to knees his upon down boweth that one every likewise himself; by set thou shalt him lappeth, dog a as tongue, his with water the of lappeth that one Every Gideon, unto said Lord the and water: the unto people the down brought he So
go. not shall same the thee, with go not shall This thee, unto say I whomsoever of and thee; with go shall same the thee, with go shall This thee, unto say I whom of that be, shall it and there: thee for them try will I and water, the unto down them bring many; too yet are people The Gideon, unto said Lord the And
thousand. ten remained there and thousand; two and twenty people the of returned there And Gilead. mount from early depart and return him let afraid, and fearful is Whosoever saying, people, the of ears the in proclaim to, go therefore Now
me. saved hath hand own Mine saying, me, against themselves vaunt Israel lest hands, their into Midianites the give to me for many too are thee with are that people The Gideon, unto said Lord the And
valley. the in Moreh, of hill the by them, of side north the on were Midianites the of host the that so Harod: of well the beside pitched and early, up rose him, with were that people the all and Gideon, is who Jerubbaal, Then
ground. the all on dew was there and only, fleece the upon dry was it for night: that so did God And
dew. be there let ground the all upon and fleece, the upon only dry be now it let fleece; the with once this but thee, pray I prove, me let once: this but speak will I and me, against hot be anger thine not Let God, unto said Gideon And
water. of full bowl a fleece, the of out dew the wringed and together, fleece the thrust and morrow, the on early up rose he for so: was it And
said. hast thou as hand, mine by Israel save wilt thou that know I shall then beside, earth the all upon dry be it and only, fleece the on be dew the if and floor; the in wool of fleece a put will I Behold,
said, hast thou as hand, mine by Israel save wilt thou If God, unto said Gideon And
them. meet to up came they and Naphtali; unto and Zebulun, unto and Asher, unto messengers sent he and him: after gathered was also who Manasseh; all throughout messengers sent he And
him. after gathered was Abiezer and trumpet; a blew he and Gideon, upon came Lord the of Spirit the But
Jezreel. of valley the in pitched and over, went and together, gathered were east the of children the and Amalekites the and Midianites the all Then
altar. his down thrown hath he because him, against plead Baal Let saying, Jerubbaal, him called he day that on Therefore
altar. his down cast hath one because himself, for plead him let god, a be he if morning: yet is it whilst death to put be him let him, for plead will that he him? save ye will Baal? for plead ye Will him, against stood that all unto said Joash And
it. by was that grove the down cut hath he because and Baal, of altar the down cast hath he because die: may he that son, thy out Bring Joash, unto said city the of men the Then
thing. this done hath Joash of son the Gideon said, they asked, and enquired they when And thing? this done hath Who another, to one said they And
built. was that altar the upon offered was bullock second the and it, by was that down cut was grove the and down, cast was Baal of altar the behold, morning, the in early arose city the of men the when And
night. by it did he that day, by it do not could he that city, the of men the and household, father's his feared he because was, it so and him: unto said had Lord the as did and servants, his of men ten took Gideon Then
down. cut shalt thou which grove the of wood the with sacrifice burnt a offer and bullock, second the take and place, ordered the in rock, this of top the upon God thy Lord the unto altar an build And
it: by is that grove the down cut and hath, father thy that Baal of altar the down throw and old, years seven of bullock second the even bullock, young father's thy Take him, unto said Lord the that night, same the pass to came it And
Abiezrites. the of Ophrah in yet is it day this unto Jehovahshalom: it called and , Lord the unto there altar an built Gideon Then
die. not shalt thou not: fear thee; unto be Peace him, unto said Lord the And
face. to face Lord the of angel an seen have I because for God! Lord O Alas, said, Gideon , Lord the of angel an was he that perceived Gideon when And
sight. his of out departed Lord the of angel the Then cakes. unleavened the and flesh the consumed and rock, the of out fire up rose there and cakes; unleavened the and flesh the touched and hand, his in was that staff the of end the forth put Lord the of angel the Then
so. did he And broth. the out pour and rock, this upon them lay and cakes, unleavened the and flesh the Take him, unto said God of angel the And
it. presented and oak, the under him unto out it brought and pot, a in broth the put he and basket, a in put he flesh the flour: of ephah an of cakes unleavened and kid, a ready made and in, went Gideon And
again. come thou until tarry will I said, he And thee. before it set and present, my forth bring and thee, unto come I until thee, pray I hence, not Depart
me. with talkest thou that sign a me shew then sight, thy in grace found have I now If him, unto said he And
man. one as Midianites the smite shalt thou and thee, with be will I Surely him, unto said Lord the And
house. father's my in least the am I and Manasseh, in poor is family my behold, Israel? save I shall wherewith Lord, my Oh him, unto said he And
thee? sent I not have Midianites: the of hand the from Israel save shalt thou and might, thy this in Go said, and him, upon looked Lord the And
Midianites. the of hands the into us delivered and us, forsaken hath Lord the now but Egypt? from up us bring Lord the not Did saying, of, us told fathers our which miracles his all be where and us? befallen this all is then why us, with be Lord the if Lord, my Oh him, unto said Gideon And
valour. of man mighty thou thee, with is Lord The him, unto said and him, unto appeared Lord the of angel the And
Midianites. the from it hide to winepress, the by wheat threshed Gideon son his and Abiezrite: the Joash unto pertained that Ophrah, in was which oak an under sat and , Lord the of angel an came there And
voice. my obeyed not have ye but dwell: ye land whose in Amorites, the of gods the not fear God; your Lord the am I you, unto said I And
land; their you gave and you, before from out them drave and you, oppressed that all of hand the of out and Egyptians, the of hand the of out you delivered I And
bondage; of house the of out forth you brought and Egypt, from up you brought I Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus them, unto said which Israel, of children the unto prophet a sent Lord the That
Midianites, the of because Lord the unto cried Israel of children the when pass, to came it And
. Lord the unto cried Israel of children the and Midianites; the of because impoverished greatly was Israel And
it. destroy to land the into entered they and number: without were camels their and they both for multitude; for grasshoppers as came they and tents, their and cattle their with up came they For
ass. nor ox, nor sheep, neither Israel, for sustenance no left and Gaza, unto come thou till earth, the of increase the destroyed and them, against encamped they And
them; against up came they even east, the of children the and Amalekites, the and up, came Midianites the that sown, had Israel when was, it so And
holds. strong and caves, and mountains, the in are which dens the them made Israel of children the Midianites the of because and Israel: against prevailed Midian of hand the And
years. seven Midian of hand the into them delivered Lord the and : Lord the of sight the in evil did Israel of children the And
years. forty rest had land the And might. his in forth goeth he when sun the as be him love that them let but : Lord O perish, enemies thine all let So
spoil? the take that them of necks the for meet sides, both on needlework of colours divers of needlework, of colours divers of prey a colours, divers of prey a Sisera to two; or damsel a man every to prey; the divided not they have sped? not they Have
herself, to answer returned she yea, her, answered ladies wise Her
chariots? his of wheels the tarry why coming? in long so chariot his is Why lattice, the through cried and window, a at out looked Sisera of mother The
dead. down fell he there bowed, he where fell: he bowed, he feet her at down: lay he fell, he bowed, he feet her At
temples. his through stricken and pierced had she when head, his off smote she Sisera, smote she hammer the with and hammer; workmen's the to hand right her and nail, the to hand her put She
dish. lordly a in butter forth brought she milk; him gave she and water, asked He
tent. the in women above be she shall blessed be, Kenite the Heber of wife the Jael shall women above Blessed
mighty. the against Lord the of help the to , Lord the of help the to not came they because thereof; inhabitants the bitterly ye curse , Lord the of angel the said Meroz, ye Curse
ones. mighty their of pransings the pransings, the of means the by broken horsehoofs the were Then
strength. down trodden hast thou soul, my O Kishon. river the river, ancient that away, them swept Kishon of river The
Sisera. against fought courses their in stars the heaven; from fought They
money. of gain no took they Megiddo; of waters the by Taanach in Canaan of kings the fought then fought, and came kings The
field. the of places high the in death the unto lives their jeoparded that people a were Naphtali and Zebulun
breaches. his in abode and shore, sea the on continued Asher ships? in remain Dan did why and Jordan: beyond abode Gilead
heart. of searchings great were there Reuben of divisions the For flocks? the of bleatings the hear to sheepfolds, the among thou abodest Why
heart. of thoughts great were there Reuben of divisions the For valley. the into foot on sent was he Barak: also and Issachar, even Deborah; with were Issachar of princes the And
writer. the of pen the handle that they Zebulun of out and governors, down came Machir of out people; thy among Benjamin, thee, after Amalek; against them of root a there was Ephraim of Out
mighty. the over dominion have me made Lord the people: the among nobles the over dominion have remaineth that him made he Then
Abinoam. of son thou captive, captivity thy lead and Barak, arise, song: a utter awake, awake, Deborah: awake, Awake,
gates. the to down go Lord the of people the shall then Israel: in villages his of inhabitants the toward acts righteous the even , Lord the of acts righteous the rehearse they shall there water, drawing of places the in archers of noise the from delivered are that They
way. the by walk and judgment, in sit that ye asses, white on ride that ye Speak,
. Lord the ye Bless people. the among willingly themselves offered that Israel, of governors the toward is heart My
Israel? in thousand forty among seen spear or shield a there was gates: the in war was then gods; new chose They
Israel. in mother a arose I that arose, Deborah I that until Israel, in ceased they ceased, villages the of inhabitants The
byways. through walked travellers the and unoccupied, were highways the Jael, of days the in Anath, of son the Shamgar of days the In
Israel. of God Lord the before from Sinai that even , Lord the before from melted mountains The
water. dropped also clouds the dropped, heavens the and trembled, earth the Edom, of field the of out marchedst thou when Seir, of out wentest thou when , Lord
Israel. of God Lord the to praise sing will I ; Lord the unto sing will I, even I, princes; ye O ear, give kings; ye O Hear,
themselves. offered willingly people the when Israel, of avenging the for Lord the ye Praise
saying, day, that on Abinoam of son the Barak and Deborah sang Then
Canaan. of king Jabin destroyed had they until Canaan, of king the Jabin against prevailed and prospered, Israel of children the of hand the And
Israel. of children the before Canaan of king the Jabin day that on subdued God So
temples. his in was nail the and dead, lay Sisera behold, tent, her into came he when And seekest. thou whom man the thee shew will I and Come, him, unto said and him, meet to out came Jael Sisera, pursued Barak as behold, And,
died. he So weary. and asleep fast was he for ground: the into it fastened and temples, his into nail the smote and him, unto softly went and hand, her in hammer an took and tent, the of nail a took wife Heber's Jael Then
No. say, shalt thou that here? man any there Is say, and thee, of enquire and come doth man any when be, shall it and tent, the of door the in Stand her, unto said he Again
him. covered and drink, him gave and milk, of bottle a opened she And thirsty. am I for drink; to water little a thee, pray I me, Give her, unto said he And
mantle. a with him covered she tent, the into her unto in turned had he when And not. fear me; to in turn lord, my in, Turn him, unto said and Sisera, meet to out went Jael And
Kenite. the Heber of house the and Hazor of king the Jabin between peace was there for Kenite: the Heber of wife the Jael of tent the to feet his on away fled Sisera Howbeit
left. man a not was there and sword; the of edge the upon fell Sisera of host the all and Gentiles: the of Harosheth unto host, the after and chariots, the after pursued Barak But
feet. his on away fled and chariot, his off down lighted Sisera that so Barak; before sword the of edge the with host, his all and chariots, his all and Sisera, discomfited Lord the And
him. after men thousand ten and Tabor, mount from down went Barak So thee? before out gone Lord the not is hand: thine into Sisera delivered hath Lord the which in day the is this for Up; Barak, unto said Deborah And
Kishon. of river the unto Gentiles the of Harosheth from him, with were that people the all and iron, of chariots hundred nine even chariots, his all together gathered Sisera And
Tabor. mount to up gone was Abinoam of son the Barak that Sisera shewed they And
Kedesh. by is which Zaanaim, of plain the unto tent his pitched and Kenites, the from himself severed had Moses, of law in father the Hobab of children the of was which Kenite, the Heber Now
him. with up went Deborah and feet: his at men thousand ten with up went he and Kedesh; to Naphtali and Zebulun called Barak And
Kedesh. to Barak with went and arose, Deborah And woman. a of hand the into Sisera sell shall Lord the for honour; thine for be not shall takest thou that journey the notwithstanding thee: with go surely will I said, she And
go. not will I then me, with go not wilt thou if but go: will I then me, with go wilt thou If her, unto said Barak And
hand. thine into him deliver will I and multitude; his and chariots his with army, Jabin's of captain the Sisera, Kishon river the to thee unto draw will I And
Zebulun? of children the of and Naphtali of children the of men thousand ten thee with take and Tabor, mount toward draw and Go saying, commanded, Israel of God Lord the not Hath him, unto said and Kedeshnaphtali, of out Abinoam of son the Barak called and sent she And
judgment. for her to up came Israel of children the and Ephraim: mount in Bethel and Ramah between Deborah of tree palm the under dwelt she And
time. that at Israel judged she Lapidoth, of wife the prophetess, a Deborah, And
Israel. of children the oppressed mightily he years twenty and iron; of chariots hundred nine had he for : Lord the unto cried Israel of children the And
Gentiles. the of Harosheth in dwelt which Sisera, was host whose of captain the Hazor; in reigned that Canaan, of king Jabin of hand the into them sold Lord the And
dead. was Ehud when , Lord the of sight the in evil did again Israel of children the And
Israel. delivered also he and goad: ox an with men hundred six Philistines the of slew which Anath, of son the Shamgar was him after And
years. fourscore rest had land the And Israel. of hand the under day that subdued was Moab So
man. a not escaped there and valour; of men all and lusty, all men, thousand ten about time that at Moab of slew they And
over. pass to man a not suffered and Moab, toward Jordan of fords the took and him, after down went they And hand. your into Moabites the enemies your delivered hath Lord the for me: after Follow them, unto said he And
them. before he and mount, the from him with down went Israel of children the and Ephraim, of mountain the in trumpet a blew he that come, was he when pass, to came it And
Seirath. unto escaped and quarries, the beyond passed and tarried, they while escaped Ehud And
earth. the on dead down fallen was lord their behold, and, them: opened and key, a took they therefore parlour; the of doors the not opened he behold, and, ashamed: were they till tarried they And
chamber. summer his in feet his covereth he Surely said, they locked, were parlour the of doors the behold, that, saw they when and came; servants his out, gone was he When
them. locked and him, upon parlour the of doors the shut and porch, the through forth went Ehud Then
out. came dirt the and belly; his of out dagger the draw not could he that so blade, the upon closed fat the and blade; the after in went also haft the And
belly: his into it thrust and thigh, right his from dagger the took and hand, left his forth put Ehud And
seat. his of out arose he And thee. unto God from message a have I said, Ehud And alone. himself for had he which parlour, summer a in sitting was he and him; unto came Ehud And
him. from out went him by stood that all And silence. Keep said, who king: O thee, unto errand secret a have I said, and Gilgal, by were that quarries the from again turned himself he But
present. the bare that people the away sent he present, the offer to end an made had he when And
man. fat very a was Eglon and Moab: of king Eglon unto present the brought he And
thigh. right his upon raiment his under it gird did he and length; cubit a of edges, two had which dagger a him made Ehud But
Moab. of king the Eglon unto present a sent Israel of children the him by and lefthanded: man a Benjamite, a Gera, of son the Ehud deliverer, a up them raised Lord the , Lord the unto cried Israel of children the when But
years. eighteen Moab of king the Eglon served Israel of children the So
trees. palm of city the possessed and Israel, smote and went and Amalek, and Ammon of children the him unto gathered he And
. Lord the of sight the in evil done had they because Israel, against Moab of king the Eglon strengthened Lord the and : Lord the of sight the in again evil did Israel of children the And
died. Kenaz of son the Othniel And years. forty rest had land the And
Chushanrishathaim. against prevailed hand his and hand; his into Mesopotamia of king Chushanrishathaim delivered Lord the and war: to out went and Israel, judged he and him, upon came Lord the of Spirit the And
brother. younger Caleb's Kenaz, of son the Othniel even them, delivered who Israel, of children the to deliverer a up raised Lord the , Lord the unto cried Israel of children the when And
years. eight Chushanrishathaim served Israel of children the and Mesopotamia: of king Chushanrishathaim of hand the into them sold he and Israel, against hot was Lord the of anger the Therefore
groves. the and Baalim served and God, their Lord the forgat and , Lord the of sight the in evil did Israel of children the And
gods. their served and sons, their to daughters their gave and wives, their be to daughters their took they And
Jebusites: and Hivites, and Perizzites, and Amorites, and Hittites, Canaanites, the among dwelt Israel of children the And
Moses. of hand the by fathers their commanded he which , Lord the of commandments the unto hearken would they whether know to them, by Israel prove to were they And
Hamath. of in entering the unto Baalhermon mount from Lebanon, mount in dwelt that Hivites the and Sidonians, the and Canaanites, the all and Philistines, the of lords five Namely,
thereof; nothing knew before as such least the at war, them teach to know, might Israel of children the of generations the that Only
Canaan; of wars the all known not had as Israel of many as even them, by Israel prove to left, Lord the which nations the are these Now
Joshua. of hand the into them he delivered neither hastily; out them driving without nations, those left Lord the Therefore
not. or it, keep did fathers their as therein, walk to Lord the of way the keep will they whether Israel, prove may I them through That
died: he when left Joshua which nations the of them before from any out drive henceforth not will also I
voice; my unto hearkened not have and fathers, their commanded I which covenant my transgressed hath people this that Because said, he and Israel; against hot was Lord the of anger the And
way. stubborn their from nor doings, own their from not ceased they them; unto down bow to and them, serve to gods other following in fathers, their than more themselves corrupted and returned, they that dead, was judge the when pass, to came it And
them. vexed and them oppressed that them of reason by groanings their of because Lord the repented it for judge: the of days the all enemies their of hand the of out them delivered and judge, the with was Lord the then judges, up them raised Lord the when And
so. not did they but ; Lord the of commandments the obeying in, walked fathers their which way the of out quickly turned they them: unto themselves bowed and gods, other after whoring a went they but judges, their unto hearken not would they yet And
them. spoiled that those of hand the of out them delivered which judges, up raised Lord the Nevertheless
distressed. greatly were they and them: unto sworn had Lord the as and said, had Lord the as evil, for them against was Lord the of hand the out, went they Whithersoever
enemies. their before stand longer any not could they that so about, round enemies their of hands the into them sold he and them, spoiled that spoilers of hands the into them delivered he and Israel, against hot was Lord the of anger the And
Ashtaroth. and Baal served and , Lord the forsook they And
anger. to Lord the provoked and them, unto themselves bowed and them, about round were that people the of gods the of gods, other followed and Egypt, of land the of out them brought which fathers, their of God Lord the forsook they And
Baalim: served and , Lord the of sight the in evil did Israel of children the And
Israel. for done had he which works the yet nor , Lord the not knew which them, after generation another arose there and fathers: their unto gathered were generation that all also And
Gaash. hill the of side north the on Ephraim, of mount the in Timnathheres, in inheritance his of border the in him buried they And
old. years ten and hundred an being died, , Lord the of servant the Nun, of son the Joshua And
Israel. for did he that , Lord the of works great the all seen had who Joshua, outlived that elders the of days the all and Joshua, of days the all Lord the served people the And
land. the possess to inheritance his unto man every went Israel of children the go, people the let had Joshua when And
. Lord the unto there sacrificed they and Bochim: place that of name the called they And
wept. and voice, their up lifted people the that Israel, of children the all unto words these spake Lord the of angel the when pass, to came it And
you. unto snare a be shall gods their and sides, your in thorns as be shall they but you; before from out them drive not will I said, also I Wherefore
this? done ye have why voice: my obeyed not have ye but altars: their down throw shall ye land; this of inhabitants the with league no make shall ye And
you. with covenant my break never will I said, I and fathers; your unto sware I which land the unto you brought have and Egypt, of out up go to you made I said, and Bochim, to Gilgal from up came Lord the of angel an And
upward. and rock, the from Akrabbim, to up going the from was Amorites the of coast the And
tributaries. became they that so prevailed, Joseph of house the of hand the yet Shaalbim: in and Aijalon, in Heres mount in dwell would Amorites the But
valley: the to down come to them suffer not would they for mountain: the into Dan of children the forced Amorites the And
them. unto tributaries became Bethanath of and Bethshemesh of inhabitants the nevertheless land: the of inhabitants the Canaanites, the among dwelt he but Bethanath; of inhabitants the nor Bethshemesh, of inhabitants the out drive Naphtali did Neither
out. them drive not did they for land: the of inhabitants the Canaanites, the among dwelt Asherites the But
Rehob: of nor Aphik, of nor Helbah, of nor Achzib, of nor Ahlab, of nor Zidon, of inhabitants the nor Accho, of inhabitants the out drive Asher did Neither
tributaries. became and them, among dwelt Canaanites the but Nahalol; of inhabitants the nor Kitron, of inhabitants the out drive Zebulun did Neither
them. among Gezer in dwelt Canaanites the but Gezer; in dwelt that Canaanites the out drive Ephraim did Neither
out. them drive utterly not did and tribute, to Canaanites the put they that strong, was Israel when pass, to came it And
land. that in dwell would Canaanites the but towns: her and Megiddo of inhabitants the nor towns, her and Ibleam of inhabitants the nor towns, her and Dor of inhabitants the nor towns, her and Taanach nor towns, her and Bethshean of inhabitants the out drive Manasseh did Neither
day. this unto thereof name the is which Luz: thereof name the called and city, a built and Hittites, the of land the into went man the And
family. his all and man the go let they but sword; the of edge the with city the smote they city, the into entrance the them shewed he when And
mercy. thee shew will we and city, the into entrance the thee, pray we us, Shew him, unto said they and city, the of out forth come man a saw spies the And
Luz.) was before city the of name the (Now Bethel. descry to sent Joseph of house the And
them. with was Lord the and Bethel: against up went also they Joseph, of house the And
day. this unto Jerusalem in Benjamin of children the with dwell Jebusites the but Jerusalem; inhabited that Jebusites the out drive not did Benjamin of children the And
Anak. of sons three the thence expelled he and said: Moses as Caleb, unto Hebron gave they And
iron. of chariots had they because valley, the of inhabitants the out drive not could but mountain; the of inhabitants the out drave he and Judah; with was Lord the And
thereof. coast the with Ekron and thereof, coast the with Askelon and thereof, coast the with Gaza took Judah Also
Hormah. called was city the of name the And it. destroyed utterly and Zephath, inhabited that Canaanites the slew they and brother, his Simeon with went Judah And
people. the among dwelt and went they and Arad; of south the in lieth which Judah, of wilderness the into Judah of children the with trees palm of city the of out up went law, in father Moses' Kenite, the of children the And
springs. nether the and springs upper the her gave Caleb And water. of springs also me give land; south a me given hast thou for blessing: a me Give him, unto said she And
thou? wilt What her, unto said Caleb and ass; her off from lighted she and field: a father her of ask to him moved she that him, to came she when pass, to came it And
wife. to daughter his Achsah him gave he and it: took brother, younger Caleb's Kenaz, of son the Othniel And
wife. to daughter my Achsah give I will him to it, taketh and Kirjathsepher, smiteth that He said, Caleb And
Kirjathsepher: was before Debir of name the and Debir: of inhabitants the against went he thence from And
Talmai. and Ahiman, and Sheshai, slew they and Kirjatharba:) was before Hebron of name the (now Hebron: in dwelt that Canaanites the against went Judah And
valley. the in and south, the in and mountain, the in dwelt that Canaanites, the against fight to down went Judah of children the afterward And
fire. on city the set and sword, the of edge the with it smitten and it, taken had and Jerusalem, against fought had Judah of children the Now
died. he there and Jerusalem, to him brought they And me. requited hath God so done, have I as table: my under meat their gathered off, cut toes great their and thumbs their having kings, ten and Threescore said, Adonibezek And
toes. great his and thumbs his off cut and him, caught and him, after pursued they and fled; Adonibezek But
Perizzites. the and Canaanites the slew they and him, against fought they and Bezek: in Adonibezek found they And
men. thousand ten Bezek in them of slew they and hand: their into Perizzites the and Canaanites the delivered Lord the and up; went Judah And
him. with went Simeon So lot. thy into thee with go will likewise I and Canaanites; the against fight may we that lot, my into me with up Come brother, his Simeon unto said Judah And
hand. his into land the delivered have I behold, up: go shall Judah said, Lord the And
them? against fight to first, Canaanites the against us for up go shall Who saying, , Lord the asked Israel of children the that pass, to came it Joshua of death the after Now
Judges
Ephraim. mount in him given was which son, his Phinehas to pertained that hill a in him buried they and died; Aaron of son the Eleazar And
Joseph. of children the of inheritance the became it and silver: of pieces hundred an for Shechem of father the Hamor of sons the of bought Jacob which ground of parcel a in Shechem, in they buried Egypt, of out up brought Israel of children the which Joseph, of bones the And
Israel. for done had he that , Lord the of works the all known had which and Joshua, overlived that elders the of days the all and Joshua, of days the all Lord the served Israel And
Gaash. of hill the of side north the on Ephraim, mount in is which Timnathserah, in inheritance his of border the in him buried they And
old. years ten and hundred an being died, , Lord the of servant the Nun, of son the Joshua that things, these after pass to came it And
inheritance. his unto man every depart, people the let Joshua So
God. your deny ye lest you, unto witness a therefore be shall it us: unto spake he which Lord the of words the all heard hath it for us; unto witness a be shall stone this Behold, people, the all unto said Joshua And
. Lord the of sanctuary the by was that oak, an under there up it set and stone, great a took and God, of law the of book the in words these wrote Joshua And
Shechem. in ordinance an and statute a them set and day, that people the with covenant a made Joshua So
obey. we will voice his and serve, we will God our Lord The Joshua, unto said people the And
Israel. of God Lord the unto heart your incline and you, among are which gods strange the he, said away, put therefore Now
witnesses. are We said, they And him. serve to , Lord the you chosen have ye that yourselves against witnesses are Ye people, the unto said Joshua And
. Lord the serve will we but Nay; Joshua, unto said people the And
good. you done hath he that after you, consume and hurt, you do and turn will he then gods, strange serve and , Lord the forsake ye If
sins. your nor transgressions your forgive not will he God; jealous a is he God; holy an is he for : Lord the serve cannot Ye people, the unto said Joshua And
God. our is he for ; Lord the serve also we will therefore land: the in dwelt which Amorites the even people, the all us before from out drave Lord the And
passed: we whom through people the all among and went, we wherein way the all in us preserved and sight, our in signs great those did which and bondage, of house the from Egypt, of land the of out fathers our and up us brought that is it he God, our Lord the For
gods; other serve to , Lord the forsake should we that forbid God said, and answered people the And
. Lord the serve will we house, my and me for as but dwell: ye land whose in Amorites, the of gods the or flood, the of side other the on were that served fathers your which gods the whether serve; will ye whom day this you choose , Lord the serve to you unto evil seem it if And
. Lord the ye serve and Egypt; in and flood, the of side other the on served fathers your which gods the away put and truth: in and sincerity in him serve and , Lord the fear therefore Now
eat. ye do not planted ye which oliveyards and vineyards the of them; in dwell ye and not, built ye which cities and labour, not did ye which for land a you given have I And
bow. thy with nor sword, thy with not but Amorites; the of kings two the even you, before from out them drave which you, before hornet the sent I And
hand. your into them delivered I and Jebusites; the and Hivites, the Girgashites, the and Hittites, the and Canaanites, the and Perizzites, the and Amorites, the you, against fought Jericho of men the and Jericho: unto came and Jordan, over went you And
hand. his of out you delivered I so still: you blessed he therefore Balaam; unto hearken not would I But
you: curse to Beor of son the Balaam called and sent and Israel, against warred and arose Moab, of king Zippor, of son the Balak Then
you. before from them destroyed I and land; their possess might ye that hand, your into them gave I and you: with fought they and Jordan; side other the on dwelt which Amorites, the of land the into you brought I And
season. long a wilderness the in dwelt ye and Egypt: in done have I what seen have eyes your and them; covered and them, upon sea the brought and Egyptians, the and you between darkness put he , Lord the unto cried they when And
sea. Red the unto horsemen and chariots with fathers your after pursued Egyptians the and sea; the unto came ye and Egypt: of out fathers your brought I And
out. you brought I afterward and them: among did I which that to according Egypt, plagued I and Aaron, and also Moses sent I
Egypt. into down went children his and Jacob but it; possess to Seir, mount Esau unto gave I and Esau: and Jacob Isaac unto gave I And
Isaac. him gave and seed, his multiplied and Canaan, of land the all throughout him led and flood, the of side other the from Abraham father your took I And
gods. other served they and Nachor: of father the and Abraham, of father the Terah, even time, old in flood the of side other the on dwelt fathers Your Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus people, the all unto said Joshua And
God. before themselves presented they and officers; their for and judges, their for and heads, their for and Israel, of elders the for called and Shechem, to Israel of tribes the all gathered Joshua And
you. unto given hath he which land good the off from quickly perish shall ye and you, against kindled be Lord the of anger the shall then them; to yourselves bowed and gods, other served and gone have and you, commanded he which God, your Lord the of covenant the transgressed have ye When
you. given hath God your Lord the which land good this off from you destroyed have he until things, evil all you upon bring Lord the shall so you; promised God your Lord the which you, upon come are things good all as that pass, to come shall it Therefore
thereof. failed hath thing one not and you, unto pass to come are all you; concerning spake God your Lord the which things good the all of failed hath thing one not that souls, your all in and hearts your all in know ye and earth: the all of way the going am I day this behold, And,
you. given hath God your Lord the which land good this off from perish ye until eyes, your in thorns and sides, your in scourges and you, unto traps and snares be shall they but you; before from nations these of any out drive more no will God your Lord the that certainty a for Know
you: to they and them, unto in go and them, with marriages make shall and you, among remain that these even nations, these of remnant the unto cleave and back, go wise any in do ye if Else
God. your Lord the love ye that yourselves, unto therefore heed good Take
you. promised hath he as you, for fighteth that is it he God, your Lord the for thousand: a chase shall you of man One
day. this unto you before stand to able been hath man no you, for as but strong: and nations great you before from out driven hath Lord the For
day. this unto done have ye as God, your Lord the unto cleave But
them: unto yourselves bow nor them, serve neither them, by swear to cause nor gods, their of name the of mention make neither you; among remain that these nations, these among not come ye That
left; the to or hand right the to therefrom aside not turn ye that Moses, of law the of book the in written is that all do to and keep to courageous very therefore ye Be
you. unto promised hath God your Lord the as land, their possess shall ye and sight; your of out from them drive and you, before from them expel shall he God, your Lord the And
westward. sea great the unto even off, cut have I that nations the all with Jordan, from tribes, your for inheritance an be to remain, that nations these lot by you unto divided have I Behold,
you. for fought hath that he is God your Lord the for you; of because nations these all unto done hath God your Lord the that all seen have ye And
age: in stricken and old am I them, unto said and officers, their for and judges, their for and heads, their for and elders, their for and Israel, all for called Joshua And
age. in stricken and old waxed Joshua that about, round enemies their all from Israel unto rest given had Lord the that after time long a pass to came it And
God. is Lord the that us between witness a be shall it for Ed: altar the called Gad of children the and Reuben of children the And
dwelt. Gad and Reuben of children the wherein land the destroy to battle, in them against up go to intend not did and God, blessed Israel of children the and Israel; of children the pleased thing the And
again. word them brought and Israel, of children the to Canaan, of land the unto Gilead, of land the of out Gad, of children the from and Reuben, of children the from returned princes, the and priest, the Eleazar of son the Phinehas And
. Lord the of hand the of out Israel of children the delivered have ye now : Lord the against trespass this committed not have ye because us, among is Lord the that perceive we day This Manasseh, of children the to and Gad, of children the to and Reuben, of children the unto said priest the Eleazar of son the Phinehas And
them. pleased it spake, Manasseh of children the and Gad of children the and Reuben of children the that words the heard him, with were which Israel of thousands the of heads and congregation the of princes the and priest, the Phinehas when And
tabernacle. his before is that God our Lord the of altar the beside sacrifices, for or offerings, meat for offerings, burnt for altar an build to , Lord the following from day this turn and , Lord the against rebel should we that forbid God
you. and us between witness a is it but sacrifices; for nor offerings, burnt for not made, fathers our which , Lord the of altar the of pattern the Behold again, say may we that come, to time in generations our to or us to say so should they when be, shall it that we, said Therefore
. Lord the in part no have Ye come, to time in children our to say not may children your that offerings; peace our with and sacrifices, our with and offerings, burnt our with him before Lord the of service the do might we that us, after generations our and you, and us, between witness a be may it that But
sacrifice: for nor offering, burnt for not altar, an us build to prepare now us Let said, we Therefore
. Lord the fearing from cease children our make children your shall so : Lord the in part no have ye Gad; of children and Reuben of children ye you, and us between border a Jordan made hath Lord the For
Israel? of God Lord the with do to ye have What saying, children, our unto speak might children your come to time In saying, thing, this of fear for it done rather not have we if And
it; require himself Lord the let thereon, offerings peace offer to if or offering, meat or offering burnt thereon offer to if or , Lord the following from turn to altar an us built have we That
day,) this not us (save , Lord the against transgression in if or rebellion, in be it if know; shall he Israel and knoweth, he gods, of God Lord the gods, of God Lord The
Israel, of thousands the of heads the unto said and answered, Manasseh of tribe half the and Gad of children the and Reuben of children the Then
iniquity. his in alone not perished man that and Israel? of congregation the all on fell wrath and thing, accursed the in trespass a commit Zerah of son the Achan not Did
God. our Lord the of altar the beside altar an you building in us, against rebel nor , Lord the against not rebel but us: among possession take and dwelleth, tabernacle 's Lord the wherein , Lord the of possession the of land the unto over ye pass then unclean, be possession your of land the if Notwithstanding,
Israel. of congregation whole the with wroth be will he morrow to that , Lord the against day to rebel ye seeing be, will it and ? Lord the following from day this away turn must ye that But
, Lord the of congregation the in plague a was there although day, this until cleansed not are we which from us, for little too Peor of iniquity the Is
? Lord the against day this rebel might ye that altar, an you builded have ye that in , Lord the following from day this away turn to Israel, of God the against committed have ye that this is trespass What , Lord the of congregation whole the saith Thus
saying, them, with spake they and Gilead, of land the unto Manasseh, of tribe half the to and Gad, of children the to and Reuben, of children the unto came they And
Israel. of thousands the among fathers their of house the of head an was one each and Israel; of tribes the all throughout prince a house chief each of princes, ten him with And
priest, the Eleazar of son the Phinehas Gilead, of land the into Manasseh, of tribe half the to and Gad, of children the to and Reuben, of children the unto sent Israel of children the And
them. against war to up go to Shiloh, at together themselves gathered Israel of children the of congregation whole the it, of heard Israel of children the when And
Israel. of children the of passage the at Jordan, of borders the in Canaan, of land the against over altar an built have Manasseh of tribe half the and Gad of children the and Reuben of children the Behold, say, heard Israel of children the And
to. see to altar great a Jordan, by altar an there built Manasseh of tribe half the and Gad of children the and Reuben of children the Canaan, of land the in are that Jordan, of borders the unto came they when And
Moses. of hand the by Lord the of word the to according possessed, were they whereof possession, their of land the to Gilead, of country the unto go to Canaan, of land the in is which Shiloh, of out Israel of children the from departed and returned, Manasseh of tribe half the and Gad of children the and Reuben of children the And
brethren. your with enemies your of spoil the divide raiment: much very with and iron, with and brass, with and gold, with and silver, with cattle, much very with and tents, your unto riches much with Return saying, them, unto spake he And
them, blessed he then tents, their unto also away them sent Joshua when And westward. Jordan side this on brethren their among Joshua gave thereof half other the unto but Bashan: in possession given had Moses Manasseh of tribe the of half one the to Now
tents. their unto went they and away: them sent and them, blessed Joshua So
soul. your all with and heart your all with him serve to and him, unto cleave to and commandments, his keep to and ways, his all in walk to and God, your Lord the love to you, charged Lord the of servant the Moses which law, the and commandment the do to heed diligent take But
Jordan. side other the on you gave Lord the of servant the Moses which possession, your of land the unto and tents, your unto you get and ye, return now therefore them: promised he as brethren, your unto rest given hath God your Lord the now And
God. your Lord the of commandment the of charge the kept have but day, this unto days many these brethren your left not have Ye
you: commanded I that all in voice my obeyed have and you, commanded Lord the of servant the Moses that all kept have Ye them, unto said And
Manasseh, of tribe half the and Gadites, the and Reubenites, the called Joshua Then
pass. to came all Israel; of house the unto spoken had Lord the which thing good any of ought not failed There
hand. their into enemies their all delivered Lord the them; before enemies their all of man a not stood there and fathers: their unto sware he that all to according about, round rest them gave Lord the And
therein. dwelt and it, possessed they and fathers; their unto give to sware he which land the all Israel unto gave Lord the And
cities. these all were thus them: about round suburbs their with one every were cities These
suburbs. their with cities eight and forty were Israel of children the of possession the within Levites the of cities the All
cities. twelve lot their by were Levites, the of families the of remaining were which families, their by Merari of children the for cities the all So
all. in cities four suburbs; her with Jazer suburbs, her with Heshbon
suburbs, her with Mahanaim and slayer; the for refuge of city a be to suburbs, her with Gilead in Ramoth Gad, of tribe the of out And
cities. four suburbs; her with Mephaath and suburbs, her with Kedemoth
suburbs, her with Jahazah and suburbs, her with Bezer Reuben, of tribe the of out And
cities. four suburbs; her with Nahalal suburbs, her with Dimnah
suburbs, her with Kartah and suburbs, her with Jokneam Zebulun, of tribe the of out Levites, the of rest the Merari, of children the of families the unto And
suburbs. their with cities thirteen were families their to according Gershonites the of cities the All
cities. three suburbs; her with Kartan and suburbs, her with Hammothdor and slayer; the for refuge of city a be to suburbs, her with Galilee in Kedesh Naphtali, of tribe the of out And
cities. four suburbs; her with Rehob and suburbs, her with Helkath
suburbs, her with Abdon suburbs, her with Mishal Asher, of tribe the of out And
cities. four suburbs; her with Engannim suburbs, her with Jarmuth
suburbs, her with Dabareh suburbs, her with Kishon Issachar, of tribe the of out And
cities. two suburbs; her with Beeshterah and slayer; the for refuge of city a be to suburbs, her with Bashan in Golan gave they Manasseh of tribe half other the of out Levites, the of families the of Gershon, of children the unto And
remained. that Kohath of children the of families the for suburbs their with ten were cities the All
cities. two suburbs; her with Gathrimmon and suburbs, her with Tanach Manasseh, of tribe half the of out And
cities. four suburbs; her with Gathrimmon suburbs, her with Aijalon
suburbs, her with Gibbethon suburbs, her with Eltekeh Dan, of tribe the of out And
cities. four suburbs; her with Bethhoron and suburbs, her with Kibzaim And
suburbs, her with Gezer and slayer; the for refuge of city a be to Ephraim, mount in suburbs her with Shechem them gave they For
Ephraim. of tribe the of out lot their of cities the had they even Kohath, of children the of remained which Levites the Kohath, of children the of families the And
suburbs. their with cities thirteen were priests, the Aaron, of children the of cities the All
cities. four suburbs; her with Almon and suburbs, her with Anathoth
suburbs, her with Geba suburbs, her with Gibeon Benjamin, of tribe the of out And
tribes. two those of out cities nine suburbs; her with Bethshemesh and suburbs, her with Juttah and suburbs, her with Ain And
suburbs, her with Debir and suburbs, her with Holon And
suburbs, her with Eshtemoa and suburbs, her with Jattir And
suburbs, her with Libnah and slayer; the for refuge of city a be to suburbs, her with Hebron priest the Aaron of children the to gave they Thus
possession. his for Jephunneh of son the Caleb to they gave thereof, villages the and city, the of fields the But
it. about round thereof suburbs the with Judah, of country hill the in Hebron, is city which Anak, of father the Arba of city the them gave they And
lot. first the was theirs for had: Levi, of children the of were who Kohathites, the of families the of being Aaron, of children the Which
name. by mentioned here are which cities these Simeon, of children the of tribe the of out and Judah, of children the of tribe the of out gave they And
Moses. of hand the by commanded Lord the as suburbs, their with cities these Levites the unto lot by gave Israel of children the And
cities. twelve Zebulun, of tribe the of out and Gad, of tribe the of out and Reuben, of tribe the of out had families their by Merari of children The
cities. thirteen Bashan, in Manasseh of tribe half the of out and Naphtali, of tribe the of out and Asher, of tribe the of out and Issachar, of tribe the of families the of out lot by had Gershon of children the And
cities. ten Manasseh, of tribe half the of out and Dan, of tribe the of out and Ephraim, of tribe the of families the of out lot by had Kohath of children the of rest the And
cities. thirteen Benjamin, of tribe the of out and Simeon, of tribe the of out and Judah, of tribe the of out lot by had Levites, the of were which priest, the Aaron of children the and Kohathites: the of families the for out came lot the And
suburbs. their and cities these , Lord the of commandment the at inheritance, their of out Levites the unto gave Israel of children the And
cattle. our for thereof suburbs the with in, dwell to cities us give to Moses of hand the by commanded Lord The saying, Canaan, of land the in Shiloh at them unto spake they And
Israel; of children the of tribes the of fathers the of heads the unto and Nun, of son the Joshua unto and priest, the Eleazar unto Levites the of fathers the of heads the near came Then
congregation. the before stood he until blood, of avenger the of hand the by die not and thither, flee might unawares at person any killeth whosoever that them, among sojourneth that stranger the for and Israel, of children the all for appointed cities the were These
Manasseh. of tribe the of out Bashan in Golan and Gad, of tribe the of out Gilead in Ramoth and Reuben, of tribe the of out plain the upon wilderness the in Bezer assigned they eastward, Jericho by Jordan side other the on And
Judah. of mountain the in Hebron, is which Kirjatharba, and Ephraim, mount in Shechem and Naphtali, mount in Galilee in Kedesh appointed they And
fled. he whence from city the unto house, own his unto and city, own his unto come and return, slayer the shall then days: those in be shall that priest high the of death the until and judgment, for congregation the before stand he until city, that in dwell shall he And
beforetime. not him hated and unwittingly, neighbour his smote he because hand; his into up slayer the deliver not shall they then him, after pursue blood of avenger the if And
them. among dwell may he that place, a him give and them, unto city the into him take shall they city, that of elders the of ears the in cause his declare shall and city, the of gate the of entering the at stand shall cities those of one unto flee doth that he when And
blood. of avenger the from refuge your be shall they and thither: flee may unwittingly and unawares person any killeth that slayer the That
Moses: of hand the by you unto spake I whereof refuge, of cities you for out Appoint saying, Israel, of children the to Speak
saying, Joshua, unto spake also Lord The
country. the dividing of end an made they So congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the at , Lord the before Shiloh in lot by inheritance an for divided Israel, of children the of tribes the of fathers the of heads the and Nun, of son the Joshua and priest, the Eleazar which inheritances, the are These
therein. dwelt and city, the built he and Ephraim: mount in Timnathserah even asked, he which city the him gave they Lord the of word the to According
them: among Nun of son the Joshua to inheritance an gave Israel of children the coasts, their by inheritance for land the dividing of end an made had they When
villages. their with cities these families, their to according Dan of children the of tribe the of inheritance the is This
father. their Dan of name the after Dan, Leshem, called and therein, dwelt and it, possessed and sword, the of edge the with it smote and it, took and Leshem, against fight to up went Dan of children the therefore them: for little too out went Dan of children the of coast the And
Japho. before border the with Rakkon, and Mejarkon, And
Gathrimmon, and Beneberak, and Jehud, And
Baalath, and Gibbethon, and Eltekeh, And
Ekron, and Thimnathah, and Elon, And
Jethlah, and Ajalon, and Shaalabbin, And
Irshemesh, and Eshtaol, and Zorah, was inheritance their of coast the And
families. their to according Dan of children the of tribe the for out came lot seventh the And
villages. their and cities the families, their to according Naphtali of children the of tribe the of inheritance the is This
villages. their with cities nineteen Bethshemesh; and Bethanath, and Horem, Migdalel, and Iron, And
Enhazor, and Edrei, and Kedesh, And
Hazor, and Ramah, and Adamah, And
Chinnereth, and Rakkath, Hammath, and Zer, Ziddim, are cities fenced the And
sunrising. the toward Jordan upon Judah to and side, west the on Asher to reacheth and side, south the on Zebulun to reacheth and Hukkok, to thence from out goeth and Aznothtabor, to westward turneth coast the then And
Jordan: at were thereof outgoings the and Lakum; unto Jabneel, and Nekeb, Adami, and Zaanannim, to Allon from Heleph, from was coast their And
families. their to according Naphtali of children the for even Naphtali, of children the to out came lot sixth The
villages. their with cities these families, their to according Asher of children the of tribe the of inheritance the is This
villages. their with cities two and twenty Rehob: and Aphek, and also, Ummah
Achzib: to coast the from sea the at are thereof outgoings the and Hosah; to turneth coast the and Tyre; city strong the to and Ramah, to turneth coast the then And
Zidon; great unto even Kanah, and Hammon, and Rehob, and Hebron, And
hand, left the on Cabul to out goeth and Neiel, and Bethemek, of side north the toward Jiphthahel of valley the to and Zebulun, to reacheth and Bethdagon, to sunrising the toward turneth And
Shihorlibnath; to and westward, Carmel to reacheth and Misheal; and Amad, and Alammelech, And
Achshaph, and Beten, and Hali, and Helkath, was border their And
families. their to according Asher of children the of tribe the for out came lot fifth the And
villages. their and cities the families, their to according Issachar of children the of tribe the of inheritance the is This
villages. their with cities sixteen Jordan: at were border their of outgoings the and Bethshemesh; and Shahazimah, and Tabor, to reacheth coast the And
Bethpazzez; and Enhaddah, and Engannim, and Remeth, And
Abez, and Kishion, and Rabbith, And
Anaharath, and Shihon, and Haphraim, And
Shunem, and Chesulloth, and Jezreel, toward was border their And
families. their to according Issachar of children the for Issachar, to out came lot fourth the And
villages. their with cities these families, their to according Zebulun of children the of inheritance the is This
villages. their with cities twelve Bethlehem: and Idalah, and Shimron, and Nahallal, and Kattath, And
Jiphthahel: of valley the in are thereof outgoings the and Hannathon: to side north the on it compasseth border the And
Neah; to Remmonmethoar to out goeth and Ittahkazin, to Gittahhepher, to east the on along on passeth thence from And
Japhia, to up goeth and Daberath, to out goeth then and Chislothtabor, of border the unto sunrising the toward eastward Sarid from turned And
Jokneam; before is that river the to reached and Dabbasheth, to reached and Maralah, and sea, the toward up went border their And
Sarid: unto was inheritance their of border the and families: their to according Zebulun of children the for up came lot third the And
them. of inheritance the within inheritance their had Simeon of children the therefore them: for much too was Judah of children the of part the for Simeon: of children the of inheritance the was Judah of children the of portion the of Out
families. their to according Simeon of children the of tribe the of inheritance the is This south. the of Ramath Baalathbeer, to cities these about round were that villages the all And
villages: their and cities four Ashan; and Ether, and Remmon, Ain,
villages: their and cities thirteen Sharuhen; and Bethlebaoth, And
Hazarsusah, and Bethmarcaboth, and Ziklag, And
Hormah, and Bethul, and Eltolad, And
Azem, and Balah, and Hazarshual, And
Moladah, and Sheba, and Beersheba, inheritance their in had they And
Judah. of children the of inheritance the within was inheritance their and families: their to according Simeon of children the of tribe the for even Simeon, to forth came lot second the And
families. their to according Benjamin of children the of inheritance the is This villages. their with cities fourteen Kirjath; and Gibeath, Jerusalem, is which Jebusi, and Eleph, Zelah, And
Taralah, and Irpeel, and Rekem, And
Mozah, and Chephirah, and Mizpeh, And
Beeroth, and Ramah, and Gibeon,
villages: their with cities twelve Gaba; and Ophni, and Chepharhaammonai, And
Ophrah, and Pharah, and Avim, And
Bethel, and Zemaraim, and Betharabah, And
Keziz, of valley the and Bethhoglah, and Jericho, were families their to according Benjamin of children the of tribe the of cities the Now
families. their to according about, round thereof coasts the by Benjamin, of children the of inheritance the was This side. east the on it of border the was Jordan And
coast. south the was this Jordan: of end south the at sea salt the of bay north the at were border the of outgoings the and northward: Bethhoglah of side the to along passed border the And
Arabah: unto down went and northward, Arabah against over side the toward along passed And
Reuben, of son the Bohan of stone the to descended and Adummim, of up going the against over is which Geliloth, toward forth went and Enshemesh, to forth went and north, the from drawn was And
Enrogel, to descended and south, the on Jebusi of side the to Hinnom, of valley the to descended and north, the on giants the of valley the in is which and Hinnom, of son the of valley the before lieth that mountain the of end the to down came border the And
Nephtoah: of waters of well the to out went and west, the on out went border the and Kirjathjearim, of end the from was quarter south the And
quarter. west the was this Judah: of children the of city a Kirjathjearim, is which Kirjathbaal, at were thereof out goings the and southward; Bethhoron before lieth that hill the from southward, sea the of corner the compassed and thence, drawn was border the And
Bethhoron. nether the of side south the on lieth that hill the near Atarothadar, to descended border the and southward; Bethel, is which Luz, of side the to Luz, toward thence from over went border the And
Bethaven. of wilderness the at were thereof out goings the and westward; mountains the through up went and side, north the on Jericho of side the to up went border the and Jordan; from was side north the on border their And
Joseph. of children the and Judah of children the between forth came lot their of coast the and families: their to according up came Benjamin of children the of tribe the of lot the And
divisions. their to according Israel of children the unto land the divided Joshua there and : Lord the before Shiloh in them for lots cast Joshua And
Shiloh. at host the to Joshua to again came and book, a in parts seven into cities by it described and land, the through passed and went men the And
Shiloh. in Lord the before you for lots cast here may I that me, to again come and it, describe and land, the through walk and Go saying, land, the describe to went that them charged Joshua and away: went and arose, men the And
them. gave Lord the of servant the Moses which east, the on Jordan beyond inheritance their received have Manasseh, of tribe the half and Reuben, and Gad, and inheritance: their is Lord the of priesthood the for you; among part no have Levites the But
God. our Lord the before here you for lots cast may I that me, to hither description the bring and parts, seven into land the describe therefore shall Ye
north. the on coasts their in abide shall Joseph of house the and south, the on coast their in abide shall Judah parts: seven into it divide shall they And
me. to again come shall they and them; of inheritance the to according it describe and land, the through go and rise, shall they and them, send will I and tribe: each for men three you among from out Give
you? given hath fathers your of God Lord the which land, the possess to go to slack ye are long How Israel, of children the unto said Joshua And
inheritance. their received yet not had which tribes, seven Israel of children the among remained there And
them. before subdued was land the And there. congregation the of tabernacle the up set and Shiloh, at together assembled Israel of children the of congregation whole the And
strong. be they though and chariots, iron have they though Canaanites, the out drive shalt thou for thine: be shall it of outgoings the and down: it cut shalt thou and wood, a is it for thine; be shall mountain the But
only: lot one have not shalt thou power: great hast and people, great a art Thou saying, Manasseh, to and Ephraim to even Joseph, of house the unto spake Joshua And
Jezreel. of valley the of are who they and towns, her and Bethshean of are who they both iron, of chariots have valley the of land the in dwell that Canaanites the all and us: for enough not is hill The said, Joseph of children the And
thee. for narrow too be Ephraim mount if giants, the of and Perizzites the of land the in there thyself for down cut and country, wood the to up thee get then people, great a be thou If them, answered Joshua And
hitherto? me blessed hath Lord the as forasmuch people, great a am I seeing inherit, to portion one and lot one but me given thou hast Why saying, Joshua, unto spake Joseph of children the And
out. them drive utterly not did but tribute, to Canaanites the put they that strong, waxen were Israel of children the when pass, to came it Yet
land. that in dwell would Canaanites the but cities; those of inhabitants the out drive not could Manasseh of children the Yet
countries. three even towns, her and Megiddo of inhabitants the and towns, her and Taanach of inhabitants the and towns, her and Endor of inhabitants the and towns, her and Dor of inhabitants the and towns, her and Ibleam and towns, her and Bethshean Asher in and Issachar in had Manasseh And
east. the on Issachar in and north, the on Asher in together met they and border; his is sea the and Manasseh's, was it northward and Ephraim's, was it Southward
sea: the at were it of outgoings the and river, the of side north the on was also Manasseh of coast the Manasseh: of cities the among are Ephraim of cities these river: the of southward Kanah, river the unto descended coast the And
Ephraim; of children the to belonged Manasseh of border the on Tappuah but Tappuah: of land the had Manasseh Now
Entappuah. of inhabitants the unto hand right the on along went border the and Shechem; before lieth that Michmethah, to Asher from was Manasseh of coast the And
Gilead. of land the had sons Manasseh's of rest the and sons: his among inheritance an had Manasseh of daughters the Because
Jordan; side other the on were which Bashan, and Gilead of land the beside Manasseh, to portions ten fell there And
father. their of brethren the among inheritance an them gave he Lord the of commandment the to according Therefore brethren. our among inheritance an us give to Moses commanded Lord The saying, princes, the before and Nun, of son the Joshua before and priest, the Eleazar before near came they And
Tirzah. and Milcah, Hoglah, Noah, and Mahlah, daughters, his of names the are these and daughters: but sons, no had Manasseh, of son the Machir, of son the Gilead, of son the Hepher, of son the Zelophehad, But
families. their by Joseph of son the Manasseh of children male the were these Shemida: of children the for and Hepher, of children the for and Shechem, of children the for and Asriel, of children the for and Helek, of children the for and Abiezer, of children the for families; their by Manasseh of children the of rest the for lot a also was There
Bashan. and Gilead had he therefore war, of man a was he because Gilead: of father the Manasseh, of firstborn the Machir for wit, to Joseph; of firstborn the was he for Manasseh; of tribe the for lot a also was There
tribute. under serve and day, this unto Ephraimites the among dwell Canaanites the but Gezer: in dwelt that Canaanites the out not drave they And
villages. their with cities the all Manasseh, of children the of inheritance the among were Ephraim of children the for cities separate the And
families. their by Ephraim of children the of tribe the of inheritance the is This sea. the at were thereof out goings the and Kanah; river the unto westward Tappuah from out went border The
Jordan. at out went and Jericho, to came and Naarath, to and Ataroth, to Janohah from down went it And
Janohah; to east the on it by passed and Taanathshiloh, unto eastward about went border the and side; north the on Michmethah to sea the toward out went border the And
upper; the Bethhoron unto Atarothaddar, was side east the on inheritance their of border the even thus: was families their to according Ephraim of children the of border the And
inheritance. their took Ephraim, and Manasseh Joseph, of children the So
sea. the at are thereof out goings the and Gezer; to and nether, the Bethhoron of coast the unto Japhleti, of coast the to westward down goeth And
Ataroth, to Archi of borders the unto along passeth and Luz, to Bethel from out goeth And
Bethel, mount throughout Jericho from up goeth that wilderness the to east, the on Jericho of water the unto Jericho, by Jordan from fell Joseph of children the of lot the And
day. this unto Jerusalem at Judah of children the with dwell Jebusites the but out; them drive not could Judah of children the Jerusalem, of inhabitants the Jebusites the for As
villages. their with cities six Engedi; and Salt, of city the and Nibshan, And
Secacah, and Middin, Betharabah, wilderness, the In
villages: their with cities two Rabbah; and Kirjathjearim, is which Kirjathbaal,
villages: their with cities six Eltekon; and Bethanoth, and Maarath, And
Gedor, and Bethzur, Halhul,
villages: their with cities ten Timnah; and Gibeah, Cain,
Zanoah, and Jokdeam, and Jezreel, And
Juttah, and Ziph, and Carmel, Maon,
villages: their with cities nine Zior; and Hebron, is which Kirjatharba, and Humtah, And
Aphekah, and Bethtappuah, and Janum, And
Eshean, and Dumah, and Arab,
villages: their with cities eleven Giloh; and Holon, and Goshen, And
Anim, and Eshtemoh, and Anab, And
Debir, is which Kirjathsannah, and Dannah, And
Socoh, and Jattir, and Shamir, mountains, the in And
thereof: border the and sea, great the and Egypt, of river the unto villages, her and towns her with Gaza villages, her and towns her with Ashdod
villages: their with Ashdod, near lay that all sea, the unto even Ekron From
villages: her and towns her with Ekron,
villages: their with cities nine Mareshah; and Achzib, and Keilah, And
Nezib, and Ashnah, and Jiphtah, And
Ashan, and Ether, and Libnah,
villages: their with cities sixteen Makkedah; and Naamah, and Bethdagon, Gederoth, And
Kithlish, and Lahmam, and Cabbon, And
Eglon, and Bozkath, and Lachish,
Joktheel, and Mizpeh, and Dilean, And
Migdalgad, and Hadashah, and Zenan,
villages: their with cities fourteen Gederothaim; and Gederah, and Adithaim, and Sharaim, And
Azekah, and Socoh, Adullam, and Jarmuth,
Enam, and Tappuah, Engannim, and Zanoah, And
Ashnah, and Zoreah, and Eshtaol, valley, the in And
villages: their with nine, and twenty are cities the all Rimmon: and Ain, and Shilhim, and Lebaoth, And
Sansannah, and Madmannah, and Ziklag, And
Hormah, and Chesil, and Eltolad, And
Azem, and Iim, and Baalah,
Bizjothjah, and Beersheba, and Hazarshual, And
Bethpalet, and Heshmon, and Hazargaddah, And
Moladah, and Shema, and Amam,
Hazor, is which Hezron, and Kerioth, and Hadattah, Hazor, And
Bealoth, and Telem, and Ziph,
Ithnan, and Hazor, and Kedesh, And
Adadah, and Dimonah, and Kinah, And
Jagur, and Eder, and Kabzeel, were southward Edom of coast the toward Judah of children the of tribe the of cities uttermost the And
families. their to according Judah of children the of tribe the of inheritance the is This
springs. nether the and springs, upper the her gave he And water. of springs also me give land; south a me given hast thou for blessing; a me Give answered, Who
thou? wouldest What her, unto said Caleb and ass; her off lighted she and field: a father her of ask to him moved she that him, unto came she as pass, to came it And
wife. to daughter his Achsah him gave he and it: took Caleb, of brother the Kenaz, of son the Othniel And
wife. to daughter my Achsah give I will him to it, taketh and Kirjathsepher, smiteth that He said, Caleb And
Kirjathsepher. was before Debir of name the and Debir: of inhabitants the to thence up went he And
Anak. of children the Talmai, and Ahiman, and Sheshai, Anak, of sons three the thence drove Caleb And
Hebron. is city which Anak, of father the Arba of city the even Joshua, to Lord the of commandment the to according Judah, of children the among part a gave he Jephunneh of son the Caleb unto And
families. their to according about round Judah of children the of coast the is This thereof. coast the and sea, great the to was border west the And
sea. the at were border the of out goings the and Jabneel; unto out went and Baalah, mount to along passed and Shicron, to drawn was border the and northward: Ekron of side the unto out went border the And
Timnah: to on passed and Bethshemesh, to down went and side, north the on Chesalon, is which Jearim, mount of side the unto along passed and Seir, mount unto westward Baalah from compassed border the And
Kirjathjearim: is which Baalah, to drawn was border the and Ephron; mount of cities the to out went and Nephtoah, of water the of fountain the unto hill the of top the from drawn was border the And
northward: giants the of valley the of end the at is which westward, Hinnom of valley the before lieth that mountain the of top the to up went border the and Jerusalem: is same the Jebusite; the of side south the unto Hinnom of son the of valley the by up went border the And
Enrogel: at were thereof out goings the and Enshemesh, of waters the toward passed border the and river: the of side south the on is which Adummim, to up going the before is that Gilgal, toward looking northward, so and Achor, of valley the from Debir toward up went border the And
Reuben: of son the Bohan of stone the to up went border the and Betharabah; of north the by along passed and Bethhogla, to up went border the And
Jordan: of part uttermost the at sea the of bay the from was quarter north the in border their And Jordan. of end the unto even sea, salt the was border east the And
coast. south your be shall this sea: the at were coast that of out goings the and Egypt; of river the unto out went and Azmon, toward passed it thence From
Karkaa: to compass a fetched and Adar, to up went and Hezron, to along passed and Kadeshbarnea, unto side south the on up ascended and Zin, to along passed and Maalehacrabbim, to side south the to out went it And
southward: looketh that bay the from sea, salt the of shore the from was border south their And
coast. south the of part uttermost the was southward Zin of wilderness the Edom of border the to even families; their by Judah of children the of tribe the of lot the was then This
war. from rest had land the And Anakims. the among man great a was Arba which Kirjatharba; was before Hebron of name the And
Israel. of God Lord the followed wholly he that because day, this unto Kenezite the Jephunneh of son the Caleb of inheritance the became therefore Hebron
inheritance. an for Hebron Jephunneh of son the Caleb unto gave and him, blessed Joshua And
said. Lord the as out, them drive to able be shall I then me, with be will Lord the be so if fenced: and great were cities the that and there, were Anakims the how day that in heardest thou for day; that in spake Lord the whereof mountain, this me give therefore Now
in. come to and out, go to both war, for now, strength my is so even then, was strength my as me: sent Moses that day the in was I as day this strong as am I yet As
old. years five and fourscore day this am I lo, now, and wilderness: the in wandered Israel of children the while Moses, unto word this spake Lord the since even years, five and forty these said, he as alive, me kept hath Lord the behold, now, And
God. my Lord the followed wholly hast thou because ever, for children's thy and inheritance, thine be shall trodden have feet thy whereon land the Surely saying, day, that on sware Moses And
God. my Lord the followed wholly I but melt: people the of heart the made me with up went that brethren my Nevertheless
heart. mine in was it as again word him brought I and land; the out espy to Kadeshbarnea from me sent Lord the of servant the Moses when I was old years Forty
Kadeshbarnea. in thee and me concerning God of man the Moses unto said Lord the that thing the knowest Thou him, unto said Kenezite the Jephunneh of son the Caleb and Gilgal: in Joshua unto came Judah of children the Then
land. the divided they and did, Israel of children the so Moses, commanded Lord the As
substance. their for and cattle their for suburbs their with in, dwell to cities save land, the in Levites the unto part no gave they therefore Ephraim: and Manasseh tribes, two were Joseph of children the For
them. among inheritance none gave he Levites the unto but Jordan: side other the on tribe half an and tribes two of inheritance the given had Moses For
tribe. half the for and tribes, nine the for Moses, of hand the by commanded Lord the as inheritance, their was lot By
them. to inheritance for distributed Israel, of children the of tribes the of fathers the of heads the and Nun, of son the Joshua and priest, the Eleazar which Canaan, of land the in inherited Israel of children the which countries the are these And
them. unto said he as inheritance, their was Israel of God Lord the inheritance: any not gave Moses Levi of tribe the unto But
eastward. Jericho, by Jordan, side other the on Moab, of plains the in inheritance for distribute did Moses which countries the are These
families. their by Machir of children the of half one the to even Manasseh, of son the Machir of children the unto pertaining were Bashan, in Og of kingdom the of cities Edrei, and Ashtaroth, and Gilead, half And
cities: threescore Bashan, in are which Jair, of towns the all and Bashan, of king Og of kingdom the all Bashan, all Mahanaim, from was coast their And
families. their by Manasseh of children the of tribe half the of possession the was this and Manasseh: of tribe half the unto inheritance gave Moses And
villages. their and cities, the families, their after Gad of children the of inheritance the is This
eastward. Jordan side other the on Chinnereth of sea the of edge the unto even border, his and Jordan Heshbon, of king Sihon of kingdom the of rest the Zaphon, and Succoth, and Bethnimrah, and Betharam, valley, the in And
Debir; of border the unto Mahanaim from and Betonim; and Ramathmizpeh, unto Heshbon from And
Rabbah; before is that Aroer unto Ammon, of children the of land the half and Gilead, of cities the all and Jazer, was coast their And
families. their to according Gad of children the unto even Gad, of tribe the unto inheritance gave Moses And
thereof. villages the and cities the families, their after Reuben of children the of inheritance the was This thereof. border the and Jordan, was Reuben of children the of border the And
them. by slain were that them among sword the with slay Israel of children the did soothsayer, the Beor, of son the also Balaam
country. the in dwelling Sihon, of dukes were which Reba, and Hur, and Zur, and Rekem, and Evi, Midian, of princes the with smote Moses whom Heshbon, in reigned which Amorites, the of king Sihon of kingdom the all and plain, the of cities the all And
Bethjeshimoth, and Ashdothpisgah, and Bethpeor, And
valley, the of mount the in Zarethshahar and Sibmah, and Kirjathaim, And
Mephaath, and Kedemoth, and Jahaza, And
Bethbaalmeon, and Bamothbaal, and Dibon, plain; the in are that cities her all and Heshbon,
Medeba; by plain the all and river, the of midst the in is that city the and Arnon, river the of bank the on is that Aroer, from was coast their And
families. their to according inheritance Reuben of children the of tribe the unto gave Moses And
them. unto said he as inheritance, their are fire by made Israel of God Lord the of sacrifices the inheritance; none gave he Levi of tribes the unto Only
day. this until Israelites the among dwell Maachathites the and Geshurites the but Maachathites: the nor Geshurites, the not expelled Israel of children the Nevertheless
out. them cast and smite, Moses did these for giants: the of remnant the of remained who Edrei, in and Ashtaroth in reigned which Bashan, in Og of kingdom the All
Salcah; unto Bashan all and Hermon, mount all and Maachathites, and Geshurites the of border the and Gilead, And
Ammon; of children the of border the unto Heshbon, in reigned which Amorites, the of king Sihon of cities the all And
Dibon; unto Medeba of plain the all and river, the of midst the in is that city the and Arnon, river the of bank the upon is that Aroer, From
them; gave Lord the of servant the Moses as even eastward, Jordan beyond them, gave Moses which inheritance, their received have Gadites the and Reubenites the whom With
Manasseh, of tribe half the and tribes, nine the unto inheritance an for land this divide therefore Now
thee. commanded have I as inheritance, an for Israelites the unto lot by it thou divide only Israel: of children the before from out drive I will them Sidonians, the all and Misrephothmaim, unto Lebanon from country hill the of inhabitants the All
Hamath. into entering the unto Hermon mount under Baalgad from sunrising, the toward Lebanon, all and Giblites, the of land the And
Amorites: the of borders the to Aphek, unto Sidonians the beside is that Mearah and Canaanites, the of land the all south, the From
Avites: the also Ekronites; the and Gittites, the Eshkalonites, the Ashdothites, the and Gazathites, the Philistines; the of lords five Canaanite: the to counted is which northward, Ekron of borders the unto even Egypt, before is which Sihor, From
Geshuri, all and Philistines, the of borders the all remaineth: yet that land the is This
possessed. be to land much very yet remaineth there and years, in stricken and old art Thou him, unto said Lord the and years; in stricken and old was Joshua Now
one. and thirty kings the all one: Tirzah, of king The
one; Gilgal, of nations the of king the one; Dor, of coast the in Dor of king The
one; Carmel, of Jokneam of king the one; Kedesh, of king The
one; Megiddo, of king the one; Taanach, of king The
one; Achshaph, of king the one; Shimronmeron, of king The
one; Hazor, of king the one; Madon, of king The
one; Lasharon, of king the one; Aphek, of king The
one; Hepher, of king the one; Tappuah, of king The
one; Bethel, of king the one; Makkedah, of king The
one; Adullam, of king the one; Libnah, of king The
one; Arad, of king the one; Hormah, of king The
one; Geder, of king the one; Debir, of king The
one; Gezer, of king the one; Eglon, of king The
one; Lachish, of king the one; Jarmuth, of king The
one; Hebron, of king the one; Jerusalem, of king The
one; Bethel, beside is which Ai, of king the one; Jericho, of king The
Jebusites: the and Hivites, the Perizzites, the Canaanites, the and Amorites, the Hittites, the country; south the in and wilderness, the in and springs, the in and plains, the in and valleys, the in and mountains, the In
divisions; their to according possession a for Israel of tribes the unto gave Joshua which Seir; to up goeth that Halak, mount the unto even Lebanon of valley the in Baalgad from west, the on Jordan side this on smote Israel of children the and Joshua which country the of kings the are these And
Manasseh. of tribe half the and Gadites, the and Reubenites, the unto possession a for it gave Lord the of servant the Moses and smite: Israel of children the and Lord the of servant the Moses did Them
Heshbon. of king Sihon of border the Gilead, half and Maachathites, the and Geshurites the of border the unto Bashan, all in and Salcah, in and Hermon, mount in reigned And
Edrei, at and Ashtaroth at dwelt that giants, the of remnant the of was which Bashan, of king Og of coast the And
Ashdothpisgah: under south, the from and Bethjeshimoth; to way the east, the on sea salt the even plain, the of sea the unto and east, the on Chinneroth of sea the to plain the from And
Ammon; of children the of border the is which Jabbok, river the unto even Gilead, half from and river, the of middle the from and Arnon, river the of bank the upon is which Aroer, from ruled and Heshbon, in dwelt who Amorites, the of king Sihon
east: the on plain the all and Hermon, mount unto Arnon river the from sun, the of rising the toward Jordan side other the on land their possessed and smote, Israel of children the which land, the of kings the are these Now
war. from rested land the And tribes. their by divisions their to according Israel unto inheritance an for it gave Joshua and Moses; unto said Lord the that all to according land, whole the took Joshua So
remained. there Ashdod, in and Gath, in Gaza, in only Israel: of children the of land the in left Anakims the of none was There
cities. their with utterly them destroyed Joshua Israel: of mountains the all from and Judah, of mountains the all from and Anab, from Debir, from Hebron, from mountains, the from Anakims the off cut and Joshua, came time that at And
Moses. commanded Lord the as them, destroy might he that but favour, no have might they that and utterly, them destroy might he that battle, in Israel against come should they that hearts, their harden to Lord the of was it For
battle. in took they other all Gibeon: of inhabitants the Hivites the save Israel, of children the with peace made that city a not was There
kings. those all with time long a war made Joshua
them. slew and them, smote and took, he kings their all and Hermon: mount under Lebanon of valley the in Baalgad unto even Seir, to up goeth that Halak, mount the from Even
same; the of valley the and Israel, of mountain the and plain, the and valley, the and Goshen, of land the all and country, south the all and hills, the land, that all took Joshua So
Moses. commanded Lord the that all of undone nothing left he Joshua; did so and Joshua, command Moses did so servant, his Moses commanded Lord the As
breathe. to any they left neither them, destroyed had they until sword, the of edge the with smote they man every but themselves; unto prey a for took Israel of children the cattle, the and cities, these of spoil the all And
burn. Joshua did that only; Hazor save them, of none burned Israel strength, their in still stood that cities the for as But
commanded. Lord the of servant the Moses as them, destroyed utterly he and sword, the of edge the with them smote and take, Joshua did them, of kings the all and kings, those of cities the all And
fire. with Hazor burnt he and breathe: to left any not was there them: destroying utterly sword, the of edge the with therein were that souls the all smote they And
kingdoms. those all of head the was beforetime Hazor for sword: the with thereof king the smote and Hazor, took and back, turned time that at Joshua And
fire. with chariots their burnt and horses, their houghed he him: bade Lord the as them unto did Joshua And
remaining. none them left they until them, smote they and eastward; Mizpeh of valley the unto and Misrephothmaim, unto and Zidon, great unto them chased and them, smote who Israel, of hand the into them delivered Lord the And
them. upon fell they and suddenly; Merom of waters the by them against him, with war of people the all and came, Joshua So
fire. with chariots their burn and horses, their hough shalt thou Israel: before slain all up them deliver I will time this about morrow to for them: of because afraid not Be Joshua, unto said Lord the And
Israel. against fight to Merom, of waters the at together pitched and came they together, met were kings these all when And
many. very chariots and horses with multitude, in shore sea the upon is that sand the as even people, much them, with hosts their all and they out, went they And
Mizpeh. of land the in Hermon under Hivite the to and mountains, the in Jebusite the and Perizzite, the and Hittite, the and Amorite, the to and west, the on and east the on Canaanite the to And
west, the on Dor of borders the in and valley, the in and Chinneroth, of south plains the of and mountains, the of north the on were that kings the to And
Achshaph, of king the to and Shimron, of king the to and Madon, of king Jobab to sent he that things, those heard had Hazor of king Jabin when pass, to came it And
Gilgal. to camp the unto him, with Israel all and returned, Joshua And
Israel. for fought Israel of God Lord the because time, one at take Joshua did land their and kings these all And
Gibeon. unto even Goshen, of country the all and Gaza, unto even Kadeshbarnea from them smote Joshua And
commanded. Israel of God Lord the as breathed, that all destroyed utterly but remaining, none left he kings: their all and springs, the of and vale, the of and south, the of and hills, the of country the all smote Joshua So
king. her to and Libnah, to also done had he as thereof; king the to and Debir, to did he so Hebron, to done had he as remaining: none left he therein; were that souls the all destroyed utterly and sword, the of edge the with them smote they and thereof; cities the all and thereof, king the and it, took he And
it: against fought and Debir; to him, with Israel all and returned, Joshua And
therein. were that souls the all and utterly, it destroyed but Eglon; to done had he that all to according remaining, none left he therein; were that souls the all and thereof, cities the all and thereof, king the and sword, the of edge the with it smote and it, took they And
it: against fought they and Hebron; unto him, with Israel all and Eglon, from up went Joshua And
Lachish. to done had he that all to according day, that destroyed utterly he therein were that souls the all and sword, the of edge the with it smote and day, that on it took they And
it: against fought and it, against encamped they and him; with Israel all and Eglon, unto passed Joshua Lachish from And
remaining. none him left had he until people, his and him smote Joshua and Lachish; help to up came Gezer of king Horam Then
Libnah. to done had he that all to according therein, were that souls the all and sword, the of edge the with it smote and day, second the on it took which Israel, of hand the into Lachish delivered Lord the And
it: against fought and it, against encamped and Lachish, unto him, with Israel all and Libnah, from passed Joshua And
Jericho. of king the unto did he as thereof king the unto did but it; in remain none let he therein; were that souls the all and sword, the of edge the with it smote he and Israel; of hand the into thereof, king the and also, it delivered Lord the And
Libnah: against fought and Libnah, unto him, with Israel all and Makkedah, from passed Joshua Then
Jericho. of king the unto did he as Makkedah of king the to did he and remain: none let he therein; were that souls the all and them, destroyed, utterly he thereof king the and sword, the of edge the with it smote and Makkedah, took Joshua day that And
day. very this until remain which mouth, cave's the in stones great laid and hid, been had they wherein cave the into them cast and trees, the off down them took they and commanded, Joshua that sun, the of down going the of time the at pass to came it And
evening. the until trees the upon hanging were they and trees: five on them hanged and them, slew and them, smote Joshua afterward And
fight. ye whom against enemies your all to do Lord the shall thus for courage: good of and strong be dismayed, be nor not, Fear them, unto said Joshua And
them. of necks the upon feet their put and near, came they And kings. these of necks the upon feet your put near, Come him, with went which war of men the of captains the unto said and Israel, of men the all for called Joshua that Joshua, unto kings those out brought they when pass, to came it And
Eglon. of king the and Lachish, of king the Jarmuth, of king the Hebron, of king the Jerusalem, of king the cave, the of out him unto kings five those forth brought and so, did they And
cave. the of out me unto kings five those out bring and cave, the of mouth the Open Joshua, said Then
Israel. of children the of any against tongue his moved none peace: in Makkedah at Joshua to camp the to returned people the all And
cities. fenced into entered them of remained which rest the that consumed, were they till slaughter, great very a with them slaying of end an made had Israel of children the and Joshua when pass, to came it And
hand. your into them delivered hath God your Lord the for cities: their into enter to not them suffer them; of hindmost the smite and enemies, your after pursue but not, ye stay And
them: keep to for it by men set and cave, the of mouth the upon stones great Roll said, Joshua And
Makkedah. at cave a in hid found are kings five The saying, Joshua, told was it And
Makkedah. at cave a in themselves hid and fled, kings five these But
Gilgal. to camp the unto him, with Israel all and returned, Joshua And
Israel. for fought Lord the for man: a of voice the unto hearkened Lord the that it, after or it before that like day no was there And
day. whole a about down go to not hasted and heaven, of midst the in still stood sun the So Jasher? of book the in written this not Is enemies. their upon themselves avenged had people the until stayed, moon the and still, stood sun the And
Ajalon. of valley the in Moon, thou, and Gibeon; upon still thou stand Sun, Israel, of sight the in said he and Israel, of children the before Amorites the up delivered Lord the when day the in Lord the to Joshua spake Then
sword. the with slew Israel of children the whom they than hailstones with died which more were they died: they and Azekah, unto them upon heaven from stones great down cast Lord the that Bethhoron, to down going the in were and Israel, before from fled they as pass, to came it And
Makkedah. unto and Azekah, to them smote and Bethhoron, to up goeth that way the along them chased and Gibeon, at slaughter great a with them slew and Israel, before them discomfited Lord the And
night. all Gilgal from up went and suddenly, them unto came therefore Joshua
thee. before stand them of man a not shall there hand; thine into them delivered have I for not: them Fear Joshua, unto said Lord the And
valour. of men mighty the all and him, with war of people the all and he, Gilgal, from ascended Joshua So
us. against together gathered are mountains the in dwell that Amorites the of kings the all for us: help and us, save and quickly, us to up come servants; thy from hand thy not Slack saying, Gilgal, to camp the to Joshua unto sent Gibeon of men the And
it. against war made and Gibeon, before encamped and hosts, their all and they up, went and together, themselves gathered Eglon, of king the Lachish, of king the Jarmuth, of king the Hebron, of king the Jerusalem, of king the Amorites, the of kings five the Therefore
Israel. of children the with and Joshua with peace made hath it for Gibeon: smite may we that me, help and me, unto up Come
saying, Eglon, of king Debir unto and Lachish, of king Japhia unto and Jarmuth, of king Piram unto and Hebron, of king Hoham unto sent Jerusalem, of king Adonizedec Wherefore
mighty. were thereof men the all and Ai, than greater was it because and cities, royal the of one as city, great a was Gibeon because greatly, feared they That
them; among were and Israel, with peace made had Gibeon of inhabitants the how and king; her and Ai to done had he so king, her and Jericho to done had he as it; destroyed utterly had and Ai, taken had Joshua how heard had Jerusalem of king Adonizedec when pass, to came it Now
choose. should he which place the in day, this unto even , Lord the of altar the for and congregation, the for water of drawers and wood of hewers day that them made Joshua And
not. them slew they that Israel, of children the of hand the of out them delivered and them, unto he did so And
do. us, unto do to thee unto right and good seemeth it as hand: thine in are we behold, now, And
thing. this done have and you, of because lives our of afraid sore were we therefore you, before from land the of inhabitants the all destroy to and land, the all you give to Moses servant his commanded God thy Lord the that how servants, thy told certainly was it Because said, and Joshua, answered they And
God. my of house the for water of drawers and wood of hewers and bondmen, being from freed be you of none shall there and cursed, are ye therefore Now
us? among dwell ye when you; from far very are We saying, us, beguiled ye have Wherefore saying, them, unto spake he and them, for called Joshua And
them. promised had princes the as congregation; the all unto water of drawers and wood of hewers be them let but live; them Let them, unto said princes the And
them. unto sware we which oath the of because us, upon be wrath lest live, them let even will we them; to do will we This
them. touch not may we therefore now Israel: of God Lord the by them unto sworn have We congregation, the all unto said princes the all But
princes. the against murmured congregation the all And Israel. of God Lord the by them unto sworn had congregation the of princes the because not, them smote Israel of children the And
Kirjathjearim. and Beeroth, and Chephirah, and Gibeon, were cities their Now day. third the on cities their unto came and journeyed, Israel of children the And
them. among dwelt they that and neighbours, their were they that heard they that them, with league a made had they after days three of end the at pass to came it And
them. unto sware congregation the of princes the and live: them let to them, with league a made and them, with peace made Joshua And
. Lord the of mouth the at counsel not asked and victuals, their of took men the And
journey. long very the of reason by old become are shoes our and garments our these and rent: be they behold, and, new; were filled, we which wine, of bottles these And
mouldy: is it and dry, is it behold, now, but you; unto go to forth came we day the on houses our of out provision our for hot took we bread our This
us. with league a ye make now therefore servants: your are We them, unto say and them, meet to go and journey, the for you with victuals Take saying, us, to spake country our of inhabitants the all and elders our Wherefore
Ashtaroth. at was which Bashan, of king Og to and Heshbon, of king Sihon to Jordan, beyond were that Amorites, the of kings two the to did he that all And
Egypt, in did he that all and him, of fame the heard have we for God: thy Lord the of name the of because come are servants thy country far very a From him, unto said they And
ye? come whence from and ye? are Who them, unto said Joshua And servants. thy are We Joshua, unto said they And
you? with league a make we shall how and us; among dwell ye Peradventure Hivites, the unto said Israel of men the And
us. with league a ye make therefore now country: far a from come be We Israel, of men the to and him, unto said and Gilgal, at camp the unto Joshua to went they And
mouldy. and dry was provision their of bread the all and them; upon garments old and feet, their upon clouted and shoes old And
up; bound and rent, and old, bottles, wine and asses, their upon sacks old took and ambassadors, been had they if as made and went and wilily, work did They
Ai, to and Jericho unto done had Joshua what heard Gibeon of inhabitants the when And
accord. one with Israel, with and Joshua with fight to together, themselves gathered they That
thereof; heard Jebusite, the and Hivite, the Perizzite, the Canaanite, the Amorite, the and Hittite, the Lebanon, against over sea great the of coasts the all in and valleys, the in and hills, the in Jordan, side this on were which kings the all when pass, to came it And
them. among conversant were that strangers the and ones, little the and women, the with Israel, of congregation the all before not read Joshua which commanded, Moses that all of word a not was There
law. the of book the in written is that all to according cursings, and blessings the law, the of words the all read he afterward And
Israel. of people the bless should they that before, commanded had Lord the of servant the Moses as Ebal; mount against over them of half and Gerizim, mount against over them of half them; among born was that he as stranger, the well as , Lord the of covenant the of ark the bare which Levites, the priests the before side that on and ark the side this on stood judges, their and officers, and elders, their and Israel, all And
Israel. of children the of presence the in wrote he which Moses, of law the of copy a stones the upon there wrote he And
offerings. peace sacrificed and , Lord the unto offerings burnt thereon offered they and iron: any up lift hath man no which over stones, whole of altar an Moses, of law the of book the in written is it as Israel, of children the commanded Lord the of servant the Moses As
Ebal, mount in Israel of God Lord the unto altar an built Joshua Then
day. this unto remaineth that stones, of heap great a thereon raise and city, the of gate the of entering the at it cast and tree, the from down carcase his take should they that commanded Joshua down, was sun the as soon as and eventide: until tree a on hanged he Ai of king the And
day. this unto desolation a even ever, for heap an it made and Ai, burnt Joshua And
Joshua. commanded he which Lord the of word the unto according themselves, unto prey a for took Israel city that of spoil the and cattle the Only
Ai. of inhabitants the all destroyed utterly had he until spear, the out stretched he wherewith back, hand his not drew Joshua For
Ai. of men the all even thousand, twelve were women, and men of both day, that fell that all that was, it so And
sword. the of edge the with it smote and Ai, unto returned Israelites the all that consumed, were they until sword, the of edge the on fallen all were they when and them, chased they wherein wilderness the in field, the in Ai of inhabitants the all slaying of end an made had Israel when pass, to came it And
Joshua. to him brought and alive, took they Ai of king the And
escape. or remain them of none let they that so them, smote they and side: that on some and side, this on some Israel, of midst the in were they so them; against city the of out issued other the And
Ai. of men the slew and again, turned they then ascended, city the of smoke the that and city, the taken had ambush the that saw Israel all and Joshua when And
pursuers. the upon back turned wilderness the to fled that people the and way: that or way this flee to power no had they and heaven, to up ascended city the of smoke the behold, and, saw, they them, behind looked Ai of men the when And
fire. on city the set and hasted and it, took and city, the into entered they and hand: his out stretched had he as soon as ran they and place, their of out quickly arose ambush the And
city. the toward hand his in had he that spear the out stretched Joshua And hand. thine into it give will I for Ai; toward hand thy in is that spear the out Stretch Joshua, unto said Lord the And
Israel. after pursued and open, city the left they and Israel: after out not went that Bethel, or Ai in left man a not was there And
city. the from away drawn were and Joshua, after pursued they and them: after pursue to together called were Ai in were that people the all And
wilderness. the of way the by fled and them, before beaten were they if as made Israel all and Joshua And
city. the behind him against ambush in liers were there that not wist he but plain; the before appointed, time a at people, his all and he battle, to Israel against out went city the of men the and early, up rose and hasted they that it, saw Ai of king the when pass, to came it And
valley. the of midst the into night that went Joshua city, the of west the on wait in liers their and city, the of north the on was that host the all even people, the set had they when And
city. the of side west the on Ai, and Bethel between ambush in lie to them set and men, thousand five about took he And
Ai. and them between valley a was there now Ai: of side north the on pitched and city, the before came and nigh, drew and up, went him, with were that war of people the even people, the all And
Ai. to people the before Israel, of elders the and he up, went and people, the numbered and morning, the in early up rose Joshua And
people. the among night that lodged Joshua but Ai: of side west the on Ai, and Bethel between abode and ambush, in lie to went they and forth: them sent therefore Joshua
you. commanded have I See, do. ye shall Lord the of commandment the to according fire: on city the set shall ye that city, the taken have ye when be, shall it And
hand. your into it deliver will God your Lord the for city: the upon seize and ambush, the from up rise shall ye Then
them. before flee will we therefore first: the at as us, before flee They say, will they for city; the from them drawn have we till us) after out come will they (For
them, before flee will we that first, the at as us, against out come they when pass, to come shall it and city: the unto approach will me, with are that people the all and I, And
ready: all ye be but city, the from far very not go city: the behind even city, the against wait in lie shall ye Behold, saying, them, commanded he And
night. by away them sent and valour, of men mighty thousand thirty out chose Joshua and Ai: against up go to war, of people the all and arose, Joshua So
it. behind city the for ambush an thee lay yourselves: unto prey a for take ye shall thereof, cattle the and thereof, spoil the only king: her and Jericho unto didst thou as king her and Ai to do shalt thou And
land: his and city, his and people, his and Ai, of king the hand thy into given have I see, Ai: to up go arise, and thee, with war of people the all take dismayed: thou be neither not, Fear Joshua, unto said Lord the And
day. this unto Achor, of valley The called, was place that of name the Wherefore anger. his of fierceness the from turned Lord the So day. this unto stones of heap great a him over raised they And
stones. with them stoned had they after fire, with them burned and stones, with him stoned Israel all And day. this thee trouble shall Lord the us? troubled thou hast Why said, Joshua And
Achor. of valley the unto them brought they and had: he that all and tent, his and sheep, his and asses, his and oxen, his and daughters, his and sons, his and gold, of wedge the and garment, the and silver, the and Zerah, of son the Achan took him, with Israel all and Joshua, And
. Lord the before out them laid and Israel, of children the all unto and Joshua, unto them brought and tent, the of midst the of out them took they And
it. under silver the and tent, his in hid was it behold, and, tent; the unto ran they and messengers, sent Joshua So
it. under silver the and tent, my of midst the in earth the in hid are they behold, and, them; took and them, coveted I then weight, shekels fifty of gold of wedge a and silver, of shekels hundred two and garment, Babylonish goodly a spoils the among saw I When
done: I have thus and thus and Israel, of God Lord the against sinned have I Indeed said, and Joshua, answered Achan And
me. from not it hide done; hast thou what now me tell and him; unto confession make and Israel, of God Lord the to glory thee, pray I give, son, My Achan, unto said Joshua And
taken. was Judah, of tribe the of Zerah, of son the Zabdi, of son the Carmi, of son the Achan, and man; by man household his brought he And
taken: was Zabdi and man; by man Zarhites the of family the brought he and Zarhites: the of family the took he and Judah; of family the brought he And
taken: was Judah of tribe the and tribes; their by Israel brought and morning, the in early up rose Joshua So
Israel. in folly wrought hath he because and , Lord the of covenant the transgressed hath he because hath: he that all and he fire, with burnt be shall thing accursed the with taken is that he that be, shall it And
man. by man come shall take shall Lord the which household the and households; by come shall take shall Lord the which family the and thereof; families the to according come shall taketh Lord the which tribe the that be, shall it and tribes: your to according brought be shall ye therefore morning the In
you. among from thing accursed the away take ye until enemies, thine before stand not canst thou Israel: O thee, of midst the in thing accursed an is There Israel, of God Lord the saith thus for morrow: to against yourselves Sanctify say, and people, the sanctify Up,
you. among from accursed the destroy ye except more, any you with be I will neither accursed: were they because enemies, their before backs their turned but enemies, their before stand not could Israel of children the Therefore
stuff. own their among even it put have they and also, dissembled and stolen, also have and thing, accursed the of taken even have they for them: commanded I which covenant my transgressed also have they and sinned, hath Israel
face? thy upon thus thou liest wherefore up; thee Get Joshua, unto said Lord the And
name? great thy unto do thou wilt what and earth: the from name our off cut and round, us environ shall and it, of hear shall land the of inhabitants the all and Canaanites the For
enemies! their before backs their turneth Israel when say, I shall what , Lord O
Jordan! side other the on dwelt and content, been had we God to would us? destroy to Amorites, the of hand the into us deliver to Jordan, over people this brought all at thou hast wherefore God, Lord O Alas, said, Joshua And
heads. their upon dust put and Israel, of elders the and he eventide, the until Lord the of ark the before face his upon earth the to fell and clothes, his rent Joshua And
water. as became and melted, people the of hearts the wherefore down: going the in them smote and Shebarim, unto even gate the before from them chased they for men: six and thirty about them of smote Ai of men the And
Ai. of men the before fled they and men: thousand three about people the of thither up went there So
few. but are they for thither; labour to people the all not make and Ai; smite and up go men thousand three or two about let but up; go people the all not Let him, unto said and Joshua, to returned they And
Ai. viewed and up went men the And country. the view and up Go saying, them, unto spake and Bethel, of east the on Bethaven, beside is which Ai, to Jericho from men sent Joshua And
Israel. of children the against kindled was Lord the of anger the and thing: accursed the of took Judah, of tribe the of Zerah, of son the Zabdi, of son the Carmi, of son the Achan, for thing: accursed the in trespass a committed Israel of children the But
country. the all throughout noised was fame his and Joshua; with was Lord the So
it. of gates the up set he shall son youngest his in and firstborn, his in thereof foundation the lay shall he Jericho: city this buildeth and up riseth that , Lord the before man the be Cursed saying, time, that at them adjured Joshua And
Jericho. out spy to sent Joshua which messengers, the hid she because day; this unto even Israel in dwelleth she and had; she that all and household, father's her and alive, harlot the Rahab saved Joshua And
. Lord the of house the of treasury the into put they iron, of and brass of vessels the and gold, the and silver, the only therein: was that all and fire, with city the burnt they And
Israel. of camp the without them left and kindred, her all out brought they and had; she that all and brethren, her and mother, her and father, her and Rahab, out brought and in, went spies were that men young the And
her. unto sware ye as hath, she that all and woman, the thence out bring and house, harlot's the into Go country, the out spied had that men two the unto said had Joshua But
sword. the of edge the with ass, and sheep, and ox, and old, and young woman, and man both city, the in was that all destroyed utterly they And
city. the took they and him, before straight man every city, the into up went people the that so flat, down fell wall the that shout, great a with shouted people the and trumpet, the of sound the heard people the when pass, to came it and trumpets: the with blew priests the when shouted people the So
. Lord the of treasury the into come shall they : Lord the unto consecrated are iron, and brass of vessels and gold, and silver, the all But
it. trouble and curse, a Israel of camp the make and thing, accursed the of take ye when accursed, yourselves make ye lest thing, accursed the from yourselves keep wise any in ye, And
sent. we that messengers the hid she because house, the in her with are that all and she live, shall harlot the Rahab only : Lord the to therein, are that all and it, even accursed, be shall city the And
city. the you given hath Lord the for Shout; people, the unto said Joshua trumpets, the with blew priests the when time, seventh the at pass to came it And
times. seven city the compassed they day that on only times: seven manner same the after city the compassed and day, the of dawning the about early rose they that day, seventh the on pass to came it And
days. six did they so camp: the into returned and once, city the compassed they day second the And
trumpets. the with blowing and on, going priests the , Lord the of ark the after came rereward the but them; before went men armed the and trumpets: the with blew and continually, on went Lord the of ark the before horns rams' of trumpets seven bearing priests seven And
. Lord the of ark the up took priests the and morning, the in early rose Joshua And
camp. the in lodged and camp, the into came they and once: it about going city, the compassed Lord the of ark the So
shout. ye shall then shout; you bid I day the until mouth, your of out proceed word any shall neither voice, your with noise any make nor shout, not shall Ye saying, people, the commanded had Joshua And
trumpets. the with blowing and on, going priests the ark, the after came rereward the and trumpets, the with blew that priests the before went men armed the And
them. followed Lord the of covenant the of ark the and trumpets: the with blew and , Lord the before on passed horns rams' of trumpets seven the bearing priests seven the that people, the unto spoken had Joshua when pass, to came it And
. Lord the of ark the before on pass armed is that him let and city, the compass and on, Pass people, the unto said he And
. Lord the of ark the before horns rams' of trumpets seven bear priests seven let and covenant, the of ark the up Take them, unto said and priests, the called Nun of son the Joshua And
him. before straight man every up ascend shall people the and flat, down fall shall city the of wall the and shout; great a with shout shall people the all trumpet, the of sound the hear ye when and horn, ram's the with blast long a make they when that pass, to come shall it And
trumpets. the with blow shall priests the and times, seven city the compass shall ye day seventh the and horns: rams' of trumpets seven ark the before bear shall priests seven And
days. six do thou shalt Thus once. city the about round go and war, of men ye all city, the compass shall ye And
valour. of men mighty the and thereof, king the and Jericho, hand thine into given have I See, Joshua, unto said Lord the And
in. came none and out, went none Israel: of children the of because up shut straitly was Jericho Now
so. did Joshua And holy. is standest thou whereon place the for foot; thy off from shoe thy Loose Joshua, unto said host 's Lord the of captain the And
servant? his unto Lord my saith What him, unto said and worship, did and earth, the to face his on fell Joshua And come. now I am Lord the of host the of captain as but Nay; said, he And
adversaries? our for or us, for thou Art him, unto said and him, unto went Joshua and hand: his in drawn sword his with him against over man a stood there behold, and, looked, and eyes his up lifted he that Jericho, by was Joshua when pass, to came it And
year. that Canaan of land the of fruit the of eat did they but more; any manna Israel of children the had neither land; the of corn old the of eaten had they after morrow the on ceased manna the And
day. selfsame the in corn parched and cakes, unleavened passover, the after morrow the on land the of corn old the of eat did they And
Jericho. of plains the in even at month the of day fourteenth the on passover the kept and Gilgal, in encamped Israel of children the And
day. this unto Gilgal called is place the of name the Wherefore you. off from Egypt of reproach the away rolled I have day This Joshua, unto said Lord the And
whole. were they till camp, the in places their in abode they that people, the all circumcising done had they when pass, to came it And
way. the by them circumcised not had they because uncircumcised, were they for circumcised: Joshua them stead, their in up raised he whom children, their And
honey. and milk with floweth that land a us, give would he that fathers their unto sware Lord the which land, the them shew not would he that sware Lord the whom unto : Lord the of voice the not obeyed they because consumed, were Egypt, of out came which war, of men were that people the all till wilderness, the in years forty walked Israel of children the For
circumcised. not had they them Egypt, of out forth came they as way the by wilderness the in born were that people the all but circumcised: were out came that people the all Now
Egypt. of out came they after way, the by wilderness the in died war, of men the all even males, were that Egypt, of out came that people the All circumcise: did Joshua why cause the is this And
foreskins. the of hill the at Israel of children the circumcised and knives, sharp him made Joshua And
time. second the Israel of children the again circumcise and knives, sharp thee Make Joshua, unto said Lord the time that At
Israel. of children the of because more, any them in spirit there was neither melted, heart their that over, passed were we until Israel, of children the before from Jordan of waters the up dried had Lord the that heard sea, the by were which Canaanites, the of kings the all and westward, Jordan of side the on were which Amorites, the of kings the all when pass, to came it And
ever. for God your Lord the fear might ye that mighty: is it that , Lord the of hand the know might earth the of people the all That
over: gone were we until us, before from up dried he which sea, Red the to did God your Lord the as over, passed were ye until you, before from Jordan of waters the up dried God your Lord the For
land. dry on Jordan this over came Israel saying, know, children your let shall ye Then
stones? these mean What saying, come, to time in fathers their ask shall children your When saying, Israel, of children the unto spake he And
Gilgal. in pitch Joshua did Jordan, of out took they which stones, twelve those And
Jericho. of border east the in Gilgal, in encamped and month, first the of day tenth the on Jordan of out up came people the And
before. did they as banks, his all over flowed and place, their unto returned Jordan of waters the that land, dry the unto up lifted were feet priests' the of soles the and Jordan, of midst the of out up come were Lord the of covenant the of ark the bare that priests the when pass, to came it And
Jordan. of out up ye Come saying, priests, the commanded therefore Joshua
Jordan. of out up come they that testimony, the of ark the bear that priests the Command
saying, Joshua, unto spake Lord the And
life. his of days the all Moses, feared they as him, feared they and Israel; all of sight the in Joshua magnified Lord the day that On
Jericho. of plains the to battle, unto Lord the before over passed war for prepared thousand forty About
them: unto spake Moses as Israel, of children the before armed over passed Manasseh, of tribe the half and Gad, of children the and Reuben, of children the And
people. the of presence the in priests, the and over, passed Lord the of ark the that over, passed clean were people the all when pass, to came it And
over. passed and hasted people the and Joshua: commanded Moses that all to according people, the unto speak to Joshua commanded Lord the that finished was everything until Jordan, of midst the in stood ark the bare which priests the For
day. this unto there are they and stood: covenant the of ark the bare which priests the of feet the where place the in Jordan, of midst the in stones twelve up set Joshua And
there. down them laid and lodged, they where place the unto them with over them carried and Israel, of children the of tribes the of number the to according Joshua, unto spake Lord the as Jordan, of midst the of out stones twelve up took and commanded, Joshua as so did Israel of children the And
ever. for Israel of children the unto memorial a for be shall stones these and off: cut were Jordan of waters the Jordan, over passed it when ; Lord the of covenant the of ark the before off cut were Jordan of waters the That them, answer shall ye Then
stones? these by ye mean What saying, come, to time in fathers their ask children your when that you, among sign a be may this That
Israel: of children the of tribes the of number the unto according shoulder, his upon stone a you of man every up you take and Jordan, of midst the into God your Lord the of ark the before over Pass them, unto said Joshua And
man: a tribe every of out Israel, of children the of prepared had he whom men, twelve the called Joshua Then
night. this lodge shall ye where place, lodging the in them leave and you, with over them carry shall ye and stones, twelve firm, stood feet priests' the where place the of out Jordan, of midst the of out hence you Take saying, them, ye command And
man, a tribe every of out people, the of out men twelve you Take
saying, Joshua, unto spake Lord the that Jordan, over passed clean were people the all when pass, to came it And
Jordan. over clean passed were people the all until ground, dry on over passed Israelites the all and Jordan, of midst the in ground dry on firm stood Lord the of covenant the of ark the bare that priests the And
Jericho. against right over passed people the and off: cut were and failed, sea, salt the even plain, the of sea the toward down came that those and Zaretan: beside is that Adam, city the from far very heap an upon up rose and stood above from down came which waters the That
harvest,) of time the all banks his all overfloweth Jordan (for water, the of brim the in dipped were ark the bare that priests the of feet the and Jordan, unto come were ark the bare that they as And
people; the before covenant the of ark the bearing priests the and Jordan, over pass to tents, their from removed people the when pass, to came it And
heap. an upon stand shall they and above; from down come that waters the from off cut be shall Jordan of waters the that Jordan, of waters the in rest shall earth, the all of Lord the , Lord the of ark the bear that priests the of feet the of soles the as soon as pass, to come shall it And
man. a tribe every of out Israel, of tribes the of out men twelve you take therefore Now
Jordan. into you before over passeth earth the all of Lord the of covenant the of ark the Behold,
Jebusites. the and Amorites, the and Girgashites, the and Perizzites, the and Hivites, the and Hittites, the and Canaanites, the you before from out drive fail without will he that and you, among is God living the that know shall ye Hereby said, Joshua And
God. your Lord the of words the hear and hither, Come Israel, of children the unto said Joshua And
Jordan. in still stand shall ye Jordan, of water the of brink the to come are ye When saying, covenant, the of ark the bear that priests the command shalt thou And
thee. with be will I so Moses, with was I as that, know may they that Israel, all of sight the in thee magnify to begin I will day This Joshua, unto said Lord the And
people. the before went and covenant, the of ark the up took they And people. the before over pass and covenant, the of ark the up Take saying, priests, the unto spake Joshua And
you. among wonders do will Lord the morrow to for yourselves: Sanctify people, the unto said Joshua And
heretofore. way this passed not have ye for go: must ye which by way the know may ye that it, unto near not come measure: by cubits thousand two about it, and you between space a be shall there Yet
it. after go and place, your from remove shall ye then it, bearing Levites the priests the and God, your Lord the of covenant the of ark the see ye When saying, people, the commanded they And
host; the through went officers the that days, three after pass to came it And
over. passed they before there lodged and Israel, of children the all and he Jordan, to came and Shittim, from removed they and morning; the in early rose Joshua And
us. of because faint do country the of inhabitants the all even for land; the all hands our into delivered hath Lord the Truly Joshua, unto said they And
them: befell that things all him told and Nun, of son the Joshua to came and over, passed and mountain, the from descended and returned, men two the So
not. them found but way, the all throughout them sought pursuers the and returned: were pursuers the until days, three there abode and mountain, the unto came and went, they And
window. the in line scarlet the bound she and departed: they and away, them sent she And it. be so words, your unto According said, she And
swear. to us made hast thou which oath thine of quit be will we then business, our this utter thou if And
him. upon be hand any if head, our on be shall blood his house, the in thee with be shall whosoever and guiltless: be will we and head, his upon be shall blood his street, the into house thy of doors the of out go shall whosoever that be, shall it And
thee. unto home household, father's thy all and brethren, thy and mother, thy and father, thy bring shalt thou and by: down us let didst thou which window the in thread scarlet of line this bind shalt thou land, the into come we when Behold,
swear. us made hast thou which oath thine this of blameless be will We her, unto said men the And
way. your go ye may afterward and returned: be pursuers the until days, three there yourselves hide and you; meet pursuers the lest mountain, the to you Get them, unto said she And
wall. the upon dwelt she and wall, town the upon was house her for window: the through cord a by down them let she Then
thee. with truly and kindly deal will we that land, the us given hath Lord the when be, shall it And business. our this not utter ye if yours, for life Our her, answered men the And
death. from lives our deliver and have, they that all and sisters, my and brethren, my and mother, my and father, my alive save will ye that And
token: true a me give and house, father's my unto kindness shew also will ye that kindness, you shewed have I since , Lord the by me unto swear you, pray I therefore, Now
beneath. earth in and above, heaven in God is he God, your Lord the for you: of because man, any in courage more any remain there did neither melt, did hearts our things, these heard had we as soon as And
destroyed. utterly ye whom Og, and Sihon Jordan, side other the on were that Amorites, the of kings two the unto did ye what and Egypt; of out came ye when you, for sea Red the of water the up dried Lord the how heard have we For
you. of because faint land the of inhabitants the all that and us, upon fallen is terror your that and land, the you given hath Lord the that know I men, the unto said she And
roof; the upon them unto up came she down, laid were they before And
gate. the shut they out, gone were them after pursued which they as soon as and fords: the unto Jordan to way the them after pursued men the And
roof. the upon order in laid had she which flax, of stalks the with them hid and house, the of roof the to up them brought had she But
them. overtake shall ye for quickly; them after pursue not: wot I went men the whither out: went men the that dark, was it when gate, the of shutting of time the about pass to came it And
were: they whence not wist I but me, unto men came There thus, said and them, hid and men, two the took woman the And
country. the all out search to come be they for house: thine into entered are which thee, to come are that men the forth Bring saying, Rahab, unto sent Jericho of king the And
country. the out search to Israel of children the of night to hither in men came there Behold, saying, Jericho, of king the told was it And
there. lodged and Rahab, named house, harlot's an into came and went, they And Jericho. even land, the view Go saying, secretly, spy to men two Shittim of out sent Nun of son the Joshua And
courage. good a of and strong be only death: to put be shall he him, commandest thou that all in words thy unto hearken not will and commandment, thy against rebel doth that be he Whosoever
Moses. with was he as thee, with be God thy Lord the only thee: unto hearken we will so things, all in Moses unto hearkened we as According
go. will we us, sendest thou whithersoever and do, will we us commandest thou that All saying, Joshua, answered they And
sunrising. the toward Jordan side this on you gave servant 's Lord the Moses which it, enjoy and possession, your of land the unto return shall ye then them: giveth God your Lord the which land the possessed have also they and you, given hath he as rest, brethren your given have Lord the Until
them; help and valour, of men mighty the all armed, brethren your before pass shall ye but Jordan; side this on you gave Moses which land the in remain shall cattle, your and ones, little your wives, Your
land. this you given hath and rest, you given hath God your Lord The saying, you, commanded Lord the of servant the Moses which word the Remember
saying, Joshua, spake Manasseh, of tribe the half to and Gadites, the to and Reubenites, the to And
it. possess to you giveth God your Lord the which land, the possess to in go to Jordan, this over pass shall ye days three within for victuals; you Prepare saying, people, the command and host, the through Pass
saying, people, the of officers the commanded Joshua Then
goest. thou whithersoever thee with is God thy Lord the for dismayed: thou be neither afraid, not be courage; good a of and strong Be thee? commanded I not Have
success. good have shalt thou then and prosperous, way thy make shalt thou then for therein: written is that all to according do to observe mayest thou that night, and day therein meditate shalt thou but mouth; thy of out depart not shall law the of book This
goest. thou withersoever prosper mayest thou that left, the to or hand right the to it from not turn thee: commanded servant my Moses which law, the all to according do to observe mayest thou that courageous, very and strong thou be Only
them. give to fathers their unto sware I which land, the inheritance an for divide thou shalt people this unto for courage: good a of and strong Be
thee. forsake nor thee, fail not will I thee: with be will I so Moses, with was I as life: thy of days the all thee before stand to able be man any not shall There
coast. your be shall sun, the of down going the toward sea great the unto and Hittites, the of land the all Euphrates, river the river, great the unto even Lebanon this and wilderness the From
Moses. unto said I as you, unto given I have that upon, tread shall foot your of sole the that place Every
Israel. of children the to even them, to give do I which land the unto people, this all and thou, Jordan, this over go arise, therefore now dead; is servant my Moses
saying, minister, Moses' Nun, of son the Joshua unto spake Lord the that pass, to came it Lord the of servant the Moses of death the after Now
Joshua
Israel. all of sight the in shewed Moses which terror great the all in and hand, mighty that all in And
land, his all to and servants, his all to and Pharaoh, to Egypt of land the in do to him sent Lord the which wonders, the and signs the all In
face, to face knew Lord the whom Moses, unto like Israel in since prophet a not arose there And
Moses. commanded Lord the as did and him, unto hearkened Israel of children the and him: upon hands his laid had Moses for wisdom; of spirit the of full was Nun of son the Joshua And
ended. were Moses for mourning and weeping of days the so days: thirty Moab of plains the in Moses for wept Israel of children the And
abated. force natural his nor dim, not was eye his died: he when old years twenty and hundred an was Moses And
day. this unto sepulchre his of knoweth man no but Bethpeor: against over Moab, of land the in valley a in him buried he And
. Lord the of word the to according Moab, of land the in there died Lord the of servant the Moses So
thither. over go not shalt thou but eyes, thine with it see to thee caused have I seed: thy unto it give will I saying, Jacob, unto and Isaac, unto Abraham, unto sware I which land the is This him, unto said Lord the And
Zoar. unto trees, palm of city the Jericho, of valley the of plain the and south, the And
sea, utmost the unto Judah, of land the all and Manasseh, and Ephraim, of land the and Naphtali, all And
Dan, unto Gilead, of land the all him shewed Lord the And Jericho. against over is that Pisgah, of top the to Nebo, of mountain the unto Moab of plains the from up went Moses And
places. high their upon tread shalt thou and thee; unto liars found be shall enemies thine and excellency! thy of sword the is who and help, thy of shield the , Lord the by saved people O thee, unto like is who Israel: O thou, art Happy
dew. down drop shall heavens his also wine; and corn of land a upon be shall Jacob of fountain the alone: safety in dwell shall then Israel
them. Destroy say, shall and thee; before from enemy the out thrust shall he and arms: everlasting the are underneath and refuge, thy is God eternal The
sky. the on excellency his in and help, thy in heaven the upon rideth who Jeshurun, of God the unto like none is There
be. strength thy shall so days, thy as and brass; and iron be shall shoes Thy
oil. in foot his dip him let and brethren, his to acceptable be him let children; with blessed be Asher Let said, he Asher of And
south. the and west the thou possess : Lord the of blessing the with full and favour, with satisfied Naphtali, O said, he Naphtali of And
Bashan. from leap shall he whelp: lion's a is Dan said, he Dan of And
Israel. with judgments his and , Lord the of justice the executed he people, the of heads the with came he and seated; he was lawgiver, the of portion a in there, because himself, for part first the provided he And
head. the of crown the with arm the teareth and lion, a as dwelleth he Gad: enlargeth that he be Blessed said, he Gad of And
sand. the in hid treasures of and seas, the of abundance the of suck shall they for righteousness: of sacrifices offer shall they there mountain; the unto people the call shall They
tents. thy in Issachar, and, out; going thy in Zebulun, Rejoice, said, he Zebulun of And
Manasseh. of thousands the are they and Ephraim, of thousands ten the are they and earth: the of ends the to together people the push shall he them with unicorns: of horns the like are horns his and bullock, his of firstling the like is glory His
brethren. his from separated was that him of head the of top the upon and Joseph, of head the upon come blessing the let bush: the in dwelt that him of will good the for and thereof, fulness and earth the of things precious the for And
hills, lasting the of things precious the for and mountains, ancient the of things chief the for And
moon, the by forth put things precious the for and sun, the by forth brought fruits precious the for And
beneath, coucheth that deep the for and dew, the for heaven, of things precious the for land, his be Lord the of Blessed said, he Joseph of And
shoulders. his between dwell shall he and long, day the all him cover shall Lord the and him; by safety in dwell shall Lord the of beloved The said, he Benjamin of And
again. not rise they that him, hate that them of and him, against rise that them of loins the through smite hands; his of work the accept and substance, his , Lord Bless,
altar. thine upon sacrifice burnt whole and thee, before incense put shall they law: thy Israel and judgments, thy Jacob teach shall They
covenant. thy kept and word, thy observed have they for children: own his knew nor brethren, his acknowledge he did neither him; seen not have I mother, his to and father his unto said Who
Meribah; of waters the at strive didst thou whom with and Massah, at prove didst thou whom one, holy thy with be Urim thy and Thummim thy Let said, he Levi of And
enemies. his from him to help an thou be and him; for sufficient be hands his let people: his unto him bring and Judah, of voice the , Lord Hear, said, he and Judah: of blessing the is this And
few. be men his not let and die; not and live, Reuben Let
together. gathered were Israel of tribes the and people the of heads the when Jeshurun, in king was he And
Jacob. of congregation the of inheritance the even law, a us commanded Moses
words. thy of receive shall one every feet; thy at down sat they and hand: thy in are saints his all people; the loved he Yea,
them. for law fiery a went hand right his from saints: of thousands ten with came he and Paran, mount from forth shined he them; unto Seir from up rose and Sinai, from came Lord The said, he And
death. his before Israel of children the blessed God of man the Moses wherewith blessing, the is this And
Israel. of children the give I which land the unto thither go not shalt thou but thee; before land the see shalt thou Yet
Israel. of children the of midst the in not me sanctified ye because Zin; of wilderness the in MeribahKadesh, of waters the at Israel of children the among me against trespassed ye Because
people: his unto gathered was and Hor, mount in died brother thy Aaron as people; thy unto gathered be and up, goest thou whither mount the in die And
possession: a for Israel of children the unto give I which Canaan, of land the behold and Jericho; against over is that Moab, of land the in is which Nebo, mount unto Abarim, mountain this into up thee Get
saying, day, selfsame that Moses unto spake Lord the And
it. possess to Jordan over go ye whither land, the in days your prolong shall ye thing this through and life: your is it because you; for thing vain a not is it For
law. this of words the all do, to observe to children your command shall ye which day, this you among testify I which words the all unto hearts your Set them, unto said he And
Israel: all to words these all speaking of end an made Moses And
Nun. of son the Hoshea and he, people, the of ears the in song this of words the all spake and came Moses And
people. his to and land, his unto merciful be will and adversaries, his to vengeance render will and servants, his of blood the avenge will he for people: his with nations, ye O Rejoice,
enemy. the upon revenges of beginning the from captives, the of and slain the of blood the with that and flesh; devour shall sword my and blood, with drunk arrows mine make will I
me. hate that them reward will and enemies, mine to vengeance render will I judgment; on hold take hand mine and sword, glittering my whet I If
ever. for live I say, and heaven, to hand my up lift I For
hand. my of out deliver can that any there is neither heal: I and wound, I alive; make I and kill, I me: with god no is there and he, am I, even I, that now See
protection. your be and you, help and up rise them let offerings? drink their of wine the drank and sacrifices, their of fat the eat did Which
trusted, they whom in rock their gods, their are Where say, shall he And
left. or up, shut none is there and gone, is power their that seeth he when servants, his for himself repent and people, his judge shall Lord the For
haste. make them upon come shall that things the and hand, at is calamity their of day the for time: due in slide shall foot their recompence; and vengeance belongeth me To
treasures? my among up sealed and me, with store in up laid this not Is
asps. of venom cruel the and dragons, of poison the is wine Their
bitter: are clusters their gall, of grapes are grapes their Gomorrah: of fields the of and Sodom, of vine the of is vine their For
judges. being themselves enemies our even Rock, our as not is rock their For
up? them shut had Lord the and them, sold had Rock their except flight, to thousand ten put two and thousand, a chase one should How
end! latter their consider would they that this, understood they that wise, were they that O
them. in understanding any there is neither counsel, of void nation a are they For
this. all done not hath Lord the and high, is hand Our say, should they lest and strangely, themselves behave should adversaries their lest enemy, the of wrath the feared I that not it Were
men: among from cease to them of remembrance the make would I corners, into them scatter would I said, I
hairs. gray of man the with also suckling the virgin, the and man young the both destroy shall within, terror and without, sword The
dust. the of serpents of poison the with them, upon beasts of teeth the send also will I destruction: bitter with and heat, burning with devoured and hunger, with burnt be shall They
them. upon arrows mine spend will I them; upon mischiefs heap will I
mountains. the of foundations the fire on set and increase, her with earth the consume shall and hell, lowest the unto burn shall and anger, mine in kindled is fire a For
nation. foolish a with anger to them provoke will I people; a not are which those with jealousy to them move will I and vanities: their with anger to me provoked have they God; not is which that with jealousy to me moved have They
faith. no is whom in children generation, froward very a are they for be: shall end their what see will I them, from face my hide will I said, he And
daughters. his of and sons, his of provoking the of because them, abhorred he it, saw Lord the when And
thee. formed that God forgotten hast and unmindful, art thou thee begat that Rock the Of
not. feared fathers your whom up, newly came that gods new to not, knew they whom gods to God; to not devils, unto sacrificed They
anger. to him they provoked abominations with gods, strange with jealousy to him provoked They
salvation. his of Rock the esteemed lightly and him, made which God forsook he then fatness; with covered art thou thick, grown art thou fat, waxen art thou kicked: and fat, waxed Jeshurun But
grape. the of blood pure the drink didst thou and wheat; of kidneys of fat the with goats, and Bashan, of breed the of rams and lambs, of fat with sheep, of milk and kine, of Butter
rock; flinty the of out oil and rock, the of out honey suck to him made he and fields; the of increase the eat might he that earth, the of places high the on ride him made He
him. with god strange no was there and him, lead did alone Lord the So
wings: her on them beareth them, taketh wings, her abroad spreadeth young, her over fluttereth nest, her up stirreth eagle an As
eye. his of apple the as him kept he him, instructed he about, him led he wilderness; howling waste the in and land, desert a in him found He
inheritance. his of lot the is Jacob people; his is portion 's Lord the For
Israel. of children the of number the to according people the of bounds the set he Adam, of sons the separated he when inheritance, their nations the to divided High Most the When
thee. tell will they and elders, thy thee; shew will he and father, thy ask generations: many of years the consider old, of days the Remember
thee? established and thee, made not he hath thee? bought hath that father thy he not is unwise? and people foolish O , Lord the requite thus ye Do
generation. crooked and perverse a are they children: his of spot the not is spot their themselves, corrupted have They
he. is right and just iniquity, without and truth of God a judgment: are ways his all for perfect: is work his Rock, the is He
God. our unto greatness ye ascribe : Lord the of name the publish will I Because
grass: the upon showers the as and herb, tender the upon rain small the as dew, the as distil shall speech my rain, the as drop shall doctrine My
mouth. my of words the earth, O hear, and speak; will I and heavens, ye O ear, Give
ended. were they until song, this of words the Israel of congregation the all of ears the in spake Moses And
hands. your of work the through anger to him provoke to , Lord the of sight the in evil do will ye because days; latter the in you befall will evil and you; commanded have I which way the from aside turn and yourselves, corrupt utterly will ye death my after that know I For
them. against record to earth and heaven call and ears, their in words these speak may I that officers, your and tribes, your of elders the all me unto Gather
death? my after more much how and ; Lord the against rebellious been have ye day, this you with alive yet am I while behold, neck: stiff thy and rebellion, thy know I For
thee. against witness a for there be may it that God, your Lord the of covenant the of ark the of side the in it put and law, the of book this Take
saying, , Lord the of covenant the of ark the bare which Levites, the commanded Moses That
finished, were they until book, a in law this of words the writing of end an made had Moses when pass, to came it And
thee. with be will I and them: unto sware I which land the into Israel of children the bring shalt thou for courage: good a of and strong Be said, and charge, a Nun of son the Joshua gave he And
Israel. of children the it taught and day, same the song this wrote therefore Moses
sware. I which land the into them brought have I before now, even about, go they which imagination their know I for seed: their of mouths the of out forgotten be not shall it for witness; a as them against testify shall song this that them, befallen are troubles and evils many when pass, to come shall it And
covenant. my break and me, provoke and them, serve and gods, other unto turn they will then fat; waxen and themselves, filled and eaten have shall they and honey; and milk with floweth that fathers, their unto sware I which land the into them brought have shall I when For
Israel. of children the against me for witness a be may song this that mouths, their in it put Israel: of children the it teach and you, for song this ye write therefore Now
gods. other unto turned are they that in wrought, have shall they which evils the all for day that in face my hide surely will I And
us? among not is God our because us, upon come evils these not Are day, that in say will they that so them; befall shall troubles and evils many and devoured, be shall they and them, from face my hide will I and them, forsake will I and day, that in them against kindled be shall anger my Then
them. with made have I which covenant my break and me, forsake will and them, among be to go they whither land, the of strangers the of gods the after whoring a go and up, rise will people this and fathers; thy with sleep shalt thou Behold, Moses, unto said Lord the And
tabernacle. the of door the over stood cloud the of pillar the and cloud: a of pillar a in tabernacle the in appeared Lord the And
congregation. the of tabernacle the in themselves presented and went, Joshua and Moses And charge. a him give may I that congregation, the of tabernacle the in yourselves present and Joshua, call die: must thou that approach days thy Behold, Moses, unto said Lord the And
it. possess to Jordan over go ye whither land the in live ye as long as God, your Lord the fear to learn and hear, may thing, any known not have which children, their that And
law: this of words the all do to observe and God, your Lord the fear and learn, may they that and hear, may they that gates, thy within is that stranger thy and children, and women, and men together, people the Gather
hearing. their in Israel all before law this read shalt thou choose, shall he which place the in God thy Lord the before appear to come is Israel all When
tabernacles, of feast the in release, of year the of solemnity the in years, seven every of end the At saying, them, commanded Moses And
Israel. of elders the all unto and , Lord the of covenant the of ark the bare which Levi, of sons the priests the unto it delivered and law, this wrote Moses And
dismayed. be neither not, fear thee: forsake neither thee, fail not will he thee, with be will he thee; before go doth that is it he , Lord the And
it. inherit to them cause shalt thou and them; give to fathers their unto sworn hath Lord the which land the unto people this with go must thou for courage: good a of and strong Be Israel, all of sight the in him unto said and Joshua, unto called Moses And
thee. forsake nor thee, fail not will he thee; with go doth that is it he God, thy Lord the for them: of afraid be nor not, fear courage, good a of and strong Be
you. commanded have I which commandments the all unto according them unto do may ye that face, your before up them give shall Lord the And
destroyed. he whom them, of land the unto and Amorites, the of kings Og, to and Sihon to did he as them unto do shall Lord the And
said. hath Lord the as thee, before over go shall he Joshua, and them: possess shalt thou and thee, before from nations these destroy will he and thee, before over go will he God, thy Lord The
Jordan. this over go not shalt Thou me, unto said hath Lord the also in: come and out go more no can I day; this old years twenty and hundred an am I them, unto said he And
Israel. all unto words these spake and went Moses And
them. give to Jacob, to and Isaac, to Abraham, to fathers, thy unto sware Lord the which land the in dwell mayest thou that days: thy of length the and life, thy is he for him: unto cleave mayest thou that and voice, his obey mayest thou that and God, thy Lord the love mayest thou That
live: may seed thy and thou both that life, choose therefore cursing: and blessing death, and life you before set have I that you, against day this record to earth and heaven call I
it. possess to go to Jordan over passest thou whither land, the upon days your prolong not shall ye that and perish, surely shall ye that day, this you unto denounce I
them; serve and gods, other worship and away, drawn be shalt but hear, not wilt thou that so away, turn heart thine if But
it. possess to goest thou whither land the in thee bless shall God thy Lord the and multiply: and live mayest thou that judgments, his and statutes his and commandments his keep to and ways, his in walk to God, thy Lord the love to day this thee command I that In
evil; and death and good, and life day this thee before set have I See,
it. do mayest thou that heart, thy in and mouth, thy in thee, unto nigh very is word the But
it? do and it, hear may we that us, unto it bring and us, for sea the over go shall Who say, shouldest thou that sea, the beyond it is Neither
it? do and it, hear may we that us, unto it bring and heaven, to us for up go shall Who say, shouldest thou that heaven, in not is It
off. far it is neither thee, from hidden not is it day, this thee command I which commandment this For
soul. thy all with and heart, thine all with God thy Lord the unto turn thou if and law, the of book this in written are which statutes his and commandments his keep to God, thy Lord the of voice the unto hearken shalt thou If
fathers: thy over rejoiced he as good, for thee over rejoice again will Lord the for good: for land, thy of fruit the in and cattle, thy of fruit the in and body, thy of fruit the in hand, thine of work every in plenteous thee make will God thy Lord the And
day. this thee command I which commandments his all do and , Lord the of voice the obey and return shalt thou And
thee. persecuted which thee, hate that them on and enemies, thine upon curses these all put will God thy Lord the And
live. mayest thou that soul, thy all with and heart, thine all with God thy Lord the love to seed, thy of heart the and heart, thine circumcise will God thy Lord the And
fathers. thy above thee multiply and good, thee do will he and it; possess shalt thou and possessed, fathers thy which land the into thee bring will God thy Lord the And
thee: fetch he will thence from and thee, gather God thy Lord the will thence from heaven, of parts outmost the unto out driven be thine of any If
thee. scattered hath God thy Lord the whither nations, the all from thee gather and return will and thee, upon compassion have and captivity, thy turn will God thy Lord the then That
soul; thy all with and heart, thine all with children, thy and thou day, this thee command I that all to according voice his obey shalt and God, thy Lord the unto return shalt And
thee, driven hath God thy Lord the whither nations, the all among mind to them call shalt thou and thee, before set have I which curse, the and blessing the thee, upon come are things these all when pass, to come shall it And
law. this of words the all do may we that ever, for children our to and us unto belong revealed are which things those but God: our Lord the unto belong things secret The
day. this is it as land, another into them cast and indignation, great in and wrath, in and anger, in land their of out them rooted Lord the And
book: this in written are that curses the all it upon bring to land, this against kindled was Lord the of anger the And
them: unto given not had he whom and not, knew they whom gods them, worshipped and gods, other served and went they For
Egypt: of land the of out forth them brought he when them with made he which fathers, their of God Lord the of covenant the forsaken have they Because say, shall men Then
anger? great this of heat the meaneth what land? this unto thus done Lord the hath Wherefore say, shall nations all Even
wrath: his in and anger, his in overthrew Lord the which Zeboim, and Admah, Gomorrah, and Sodom, of overthrow the like therein, groweth grass any nor beareth, nor sown, not is it that burning, and salt, and brimstone, is thereof land whole the that And
it; upon laid hath Lord the which sicknesses the and land, that of plagues the see they when say, shall land, far a from come shall that stranger the and you, after up rise shall that children your of come to generation the that So
law: the of book this in written are that covenant the of curses the all to according Israel, of tribes the all of out evil unto him separate shall Lord the And
heaven. under from name his out blot shall Lord the and him, upon lie shall book this in written are that curses the all and man, that against smoke shall jealousy his and Lord the of anger the then but him, spare not will Lord The
thirst: to drunkenness add to heart, mine of imagination the in walk I though peace, have shall I saying, heart, his in himself bless he that curse, this of words the heareth he when pass, to come it And
wormwood; and gall beareth that root a you among be should there lest nations; these of gods the serve and go to God, our Lord the from day this away turneth heart whose tribe, or family, or woman, or man, you among be should there Lest
them:) among were which gold, and silver stone, and wood idols, their and abominations, their seen have ye And
by; passed ye which nations the through came we how and Egypt; of land the in dwelt have we how know ye (For
day: this us with here not is that him with also and God, our Lord the before day this us with here standeth that him with But
oath; this and covenant this make I do only you with Neither
Jacob. to and Isaac, to Abraham, to fathers, thy unto sworn hath he as and thee, unto said hath he as God, a thee unto be may he that and himself, unto people a for day to thee establish may he That
day: this thee with maketh God thy Lord the which oath, his into and God, thy Lord the with covenant into enter shouldest thou That
water: thy of drawer the unto wood thy of hewer the from camp, thy in is that stranger thy and wives, your ones, little Your
Israel, of men the all with officers, your and elders, your tribes, your of captains your God; your Lord the before you of all day this stand Ye
do. ye that all in prosper may ye that them, do and covenant, this of words the therefore Keep
Manasseh. of tribe half the to and Gadites, the to and Reubenites, the unto inheritance an for it gave and land, their took we And
them: smote we and battle, unto us against out came Bashan, of king the Og and Heshbon, of king the Sihon place, this unto came ye when And
God. your Lord the am I that know might ye that drink: strong or wine drunk ye have neither bread, eaten not have Ye
foot. thy upon old waxen not is shoe thy and you, upon old waxen not are clothes your wilderness: the in years forty you led have I And
day. this unto hear, to ears and see, to eyes and perceive, to heart an you given not hath Lord the Yet
miracles: great those and signs, the seen, have eyes thine which temptations great The
land; his all unto and servants, his all unto and Pharaoh, unto Egypt of land the in eyes your before did Lord the that all seen have Ye them, unto said and Israel, all unto called Moses And
Horeb. in them with made he which covenant the beside Moab, of land the in Israel of children the with make to Moses commanded Lord the which covenant, the of words the are These
you. buy shall man no and bondwomen, and bondmen for enemies your unto sold be shall ye there and again: more no it see shalt Thou thee, unto spake I whereof way the by ships, with again Egypt into thee bring shall Lord the And
see. shalt thou which eyes thine of sight the for and fear, shalt thou wherewith heart thine of fear the for morning! were it God Would say, shalt thou even at and even! were it God Would say, shalt thou morning the In
life: thy of assurance none have shalt and night, and day fear shalt thou and thee; before doubt in hang shall life thy And
mind: of sorrow and eyes, of failing and heart, trembling a there thee give shall Lord the but rest: have foot thy of sole the shall neither ease, no find thou shalt nations these among And
stone. and wood even known, have fathers thy nor thou neither which gods, other serve shalt thou there and other; the unto even earth the of end one the from people, all among thee scatter shall Lord the And
it. possess to goest thou whither land the off from plucked be shall ye and nought; to you bring to and you, destroy to you over rejoice will Lord the so you; multiply to and good, you do to you over rejoiced Lord the as that pass, to come shall it And
God. thy Lord the of voice the obey not wouldest thou because multitude; for heaven of stars the as were ye whereas number, in few left be shall ye And
destroyed. be thou until thee, upon bring Lord the will them law, this of book the in written not is which plague, every and sickness, every Also
thee. unto cleave shall they and of; afraid wast thou which Egypt, of diseases the all thee upon bring will he Moreover
continuance. long of and sicknesses, sore and continuance, long of and plagues, great even seed, thy of plagues the and wonderful, plagues thy make will Lord the Then
; God Thy Lord The name, fearful and glorious this fear mayest thou that book, this in written are that law this of words the all do to observe not wilt thou If
gates. thy in thee distress shall enemy thine wherewith straitness, and siege the in secretly things all of want for them eat shall she for bear: shall she which children her toward and feet, her between from out cometh that one young her toward And
daughter, her toward and son, her toward and bosom, her of husband the toward evil be shall eye her tenderness, and delicateness for ground the upon foot her of sole the set to adventure not would which you, among woman delicate and tender The
gates. thy all in thee distress shall enemies thine wherewith straitness, the in and siege, the in him left nothing hath he because eat: shall he whom children his of flesh the of them of any to give not will he that So
leave: shall he which children his of remnant the toward and bosom, his of wife the toward and brother, his toward evil be shall eye his delicate, very and you, among tender is that man the that So
thee: distress shall enemies thine wherewith straitness, the in and siege, the in thee, given hath God thy Lord the which daughters, thy of and sons thy of flesh the body, own thine of fruit the eat shalt thou And
thee. given hath God thy Lord the which land, thy all throughout gates thy all in thee besiege shall he and land: thy all throughout trustedst, thou wherein down, come walls fenced and high thy until gates, thy all in thee besiege shall he And
thee. destroyed have he until sheep, thy of flocks or kine, thy of increase the or oil, or wine, corn, either thee leave not shall also which destroyed: be thou until land, thy of fruit the and cattle, thy of fruit the eat shall he And
young: the to favour shew nor old, the of person the regard not shall which countenance, fierce of nation A
understand; not shalt thou tongue whose nation a flieth; eagle the as swift as earth, the of end the from far, from thee against nation a bring shall Lord The
thee. destroyed have he until neck, thy upon iron of yoke a put shall he and things: all of want in and nakedness, in and thirst, in and hunger, in thee, against send shall Lord the which enemies thine serve thou shalt Therefore
things; all of abundance the for heart, of gladness with and joyfulness, with God thy Lord the not servedst thou Because
ever. for seed thy upon and wonder, a for and sign a for thee upon be shall they And
thee: commanded he which statutes his and commandments his keep to God, thy Lord the of voice the unto not hearkenedst thou because destroyed; be thou till thee, overtake and thee, pursue shall and thee, upon come shall curses these all Moreover
tail. the be shalt thou and head, the be shall he him: to lend not shalt thou and thee, to lend shall He
low. very down come shalt thou and high; very thee above up get shall thee within is that stranger The
consume. locust the shall land thy of fruit and trees thy All
captivity. into go shall they for them; enjoy not shalt thou but daughters, and sons beget shalt Thou
fruit. his cast shall olive thine for oil; the with thyself anoint not shalt thou but coasts, thy all throughout trees olive have shalt Thou
them. eat shall worms the for grapes; the gather nor wine, the of drink neither shalt but them, dress and vineyards, plant shalt Thou
it. consume shall locust the for in; little but gather shalt and field, the into out seed much carry shalt Thou
thee. lead shall Lord the whither nations all among byword, a and proverb, a astonishment, an become shalt thou And
stone. and wood gods, other serve thou shalt there and known; have fathers thy nor thou neither which nation a unto thee, over set shalt thou which king thy and thee, bring shall Lord The
head. thy of top the unto foot thy of sole the from healed, be cannot that botch sore a with legs, the in and knees, the in thee smite shall Lord The
see. shalt thou which eyes thine of sight the for mad be shalt thou that So
alway: crushed and oppressed only be shalt thou and up; eat not knowest thou which nation a shall labours, thy all and land, thy of fruit The
hand. thine in might no be shall there and long; day the all them for longing with fail and look, shall eyes thine and people, another unto given be shall daughters thy and sons Thy
them. rescue to none have shalt thou and enemies, thine unto given be shall sheep thy thee: to restored be not shall and face, thy before from away taken violently be shall ass thine thereof: eat not shalt thou and eyes, thine before slain be shall ox Thine
thereof. grapes the gather not shalt and vineyard, a plant shalt thou therein: dwell not shalt thou and house, an build shalt thou her: with lie shall man another and wife, a betroth shalt Thou
thee. save shall man no and evermore, spoiled and oppressed only be shalt thou and ways: thy in prosper not shalt thou and darkness, in gropeth blind the as noonday, at grope shalt thou And
heart: of astonishment and blindness, and madness, with thee smite shall Lord The
healed. be not canst thou whereof itch, the with and scab, the with and emerods, the with and Egypt, of botch the with thee smite will Lord The
away. them fray shall man no and earth, the of beasts the unto and air, the of fowls all unto meat be shall carcase thy And
earth. the of kingdoms the all into removed be shalt and them: before ways seven flee and them, against way one out go shalt thou enemies: thine before smitten be to thee cause shall Lord The
destroyed. be thou until thee, upon down come it shall heaven from dust: and powder land thy of rain the make shall Lord The
iron. be shall thee under is that earth the and brass, be shall head thy over is that heaven thy And
perish. thou until thee pursue shall they and mildew; with and blasting, with and sword, the with and burning, extreme an with and inflammation, an with and fever, a with and consumption, a with thee smite shall Lord The
it. possess to goest thou whither land, the off from thee consumed have he until thee, unto cleave pestilence the make shall Lord The
me. forsaken hast thou whereby doings, thy of wickedness the of because quickly; perish thou until and destroyed, be thou until do, to for unto hand thine settest thou that all in rebuke, and vexation, cursing, thee upon send shall Lord The
out. goest thou when be thou shalt cursed and in, comest thou when be thou shalt Cursed
sheep. thy of flocks the and kine, thy of increase the land, thy of fruit the and body, thy of fruit the be shall Cursed
store. thy and basket thy be shall Cursed
field. the in be thou shalt cursed and city, the in be thou shalt Cursed
thee: overtake and thee, upon come shall curses these all that day; this thee command I which statutes his and commandments his all do to observe to God, thy Lord the of voice the unto hearken not wilt thou if pass, to come shall it But
them. serve to gods other after go to left, the to or hand, right the to day, this thee command I which words the of any from aside go not shalt thou And
them: do to and observe to day, this thee command I which God, thy Lord the of commandments the unto hearken thou that if beneath; be not shalt thou and only, above be shalt thou and tail; the not and head, the thee make shall Lord the And
borrow. not shalt thou and nations, many unto lend shalt thou and hand: thine of work the all bless to and season, his in land thy unto rain the give to heaven the treasure, good his thee unto open shall Lord The
thee. give to fathers thy unto sware Lord the which land the in ground, thy of fruit the in and cattle, thy of fruit the in and body, thy of fruit the in goods, in plenteous thee make shall Lord the And
thee. of afraid be shall they and ; Lord the of name the by called art thou that see shall earth the of people all And
ways. his in walk and God, thy Lord the of commandments the keep shalt thou if thee, unto sworn hath he as himself, unto people holy an thee establish shall Lord The
thee. giveth God thy Lord the which land the in thee bless shall he and unto; hand thine settest thou that all in and storehouses, thy in thee upon blessing the command shall Lord The
ways. seven thee before flee and way, one thee against out come shall they face: thy before smitten be to thee against up rise that enemies thine cause shall Lord The
out. goest thou when be thou shalt blessed and in, comest thou when be thou shalt Blessed
store. thy and basket thy be shall Blessed
sheep. thy of flocks the and kine, thy of increase the cattle, thy of fruit the and ground, thy of fruit the and body, thy of fruit the be shall Blessed
field. the in be thou shalt blessed and city, the in be thou shalt Blessed
God. thy Lord the of voice the unto hearken shalt thou if thee, overtake and thee, on come shall blessings these all And
earth: the of nations all above high on thee set will God thy Lord the that day, this thee command I which commandments his all do to and observe to God, thy Lord the of voice the unto diligently hearken shalt thou if pass, to come shall it And
Amen. say, shall people the all And them. do to law this of words the all not confirmeth that he be Cursed
Amen. say, shall people the all And person. innocent an slay to reward taketh that he be Cursed
Amen. say, shall people the all And secretly. neighbour his smiteth that he be Cursed
Amen. say, shall people the all And law. in mother his with lieth that he be Cursed
Amen. say, shall people the all And mother. his of daughter the or father, his of daughter the sister, his with lieth that he be Cursed
Amen. say, shall people the all And beast. of manner any with lieth that he be Cursed
Amen. say, shall people the all And skirt. father's his uncovereth he because wife; father's his with lieth that he be Cursed
Amen. say, shall people the all And widow. and fatherless, stranger, the of judgment the perverteth that he be Cursed
Amen. say, shall people the all And way. the of out wander to blind the maketh that he be Cursed
Amen. say, shall people the all And landmark. neighbour's his removeth that he be Cursed
Amen. say, shall people the all And mother. his or father his by light setteth that he be Cursed
Amen. say, and answer shall people the all And place. secret a in it putteth and craftsman, the of hands the of work the , Lord the unto abomination an image, molten or graven any maketh that man the be Cursed
voice, loud a with Israel of men the all unto say and speak, shall Levites the And
Naphtali. and Dan, Zebulun, and Asher, and Gad, Reuben, curse; to Ebal mount upon stand shall these And
Benjamin: and Joseph, and Issachar, and Judah, and Levi, and Simeon, Jordan; over come are ye when people, the bless to Gerizim mount upon stand shall These
saying, day, same the people the charged Moses And
day. this thee command I which statutes, his and commandments his do and God, thy Lord the of voice the obey therefore shalt Thou
God. thy Lord the of people the become art thou day this Israel; O hearken, and heed, Take saying, Israel, all unto spake Levites the priests the and Moses And
plainly. very law this of words the all stones the upon write shalt thou And
God. thy Lord the before rejoice and there, eat shalt and offerings, peace offer shalt thou And
God: thy Lord the unto thereon offerings burnt offer shalt thou and stones: whole of God thy Lord the of altar the build shalt Thou
them. upon tool iron any up lift not shalt thou stones: of altar an God, thy Lord the unto altar an build thou shalt there And
plaister. with them plaister shalt thou and Ebal, mount in day, this you command I which stones, these up set shall ye that Jordan, over gone be ye when be shall it Therefore
thee. promised hath fathers thy of God Lord the as honey; and milk with floweth that land a thee, giveth God thy Lord the which land the unto in go mayest thou that over, passed art thou when law, this of words the all them upon write shalt thou And
plaister: with them plaister and stones, great up thee set shalt thou that thee, giveth God thy Lord the which land the unto Jordan over pass shall ye when day the on be shall it And
day. this you command I which commandments the all Keep saying, people, the commanded Israel of elders the with Moses And
spoken. hath he as God, thy Lord the unto people holy an be mayest thou that and honour; in and name, in and praise, in made, hath he which nations all above high thee make to And
commandments; his all keep shouldest thou that and thee, promised hath he as people, peculiar his be to day this thee avouched hath Lord the And
voice: his unto hearken to and judgments, his and commandments, his and statutes, his keep to and ways, his in walk to and God, thy be to day this Lord the avouched hast Thou
soul. thy all with and heart, thine all with them do and keep therefore shalt thou judgments: and statutes these do to thee commanded hath God thy Lord the day This
honey. and milk with floweth that land a fathers, our unto swarest thou as us, given hast thou which land the and Israel, people thy bless and heaven, from habitation, holy thy from down Look
me. commanded hast thou that all to according done have and God, my Lord the of voice the to hearkened have I but dead: the for thereof ought given nor use, unclean any for thereof ought away taken I have neither mourning, my in thereof eaten not have I
them. forgotten I have neither commandments, thy transgressed not have I me: commanded hast thou which commandments thy all to according widow, the to and fatherless, the to stranger, the unto and Levite, the unto them given have also and house, mine of out things hallowed the away brought have I God, thy Lord the before say shalt thou Then
filled; be and gates, thy within eat may they that widow, the and fatherless, the stranger, the Levite, the unto it given hast and tithing, of year the is which year, third the increase thine of tithes the all tithing of end an made hast thou When
you. among is that stranger the and Levite, the and thou, house, thine unto and thee, unto given hath God thy Lord the which thing good every in rejoice shalt thou And
God: thy Lord the before worship and God, thy Lord the before it set shalt thou And me. given hast , Lord O thou, which land, the of firstfruits the brought have I behold, now, And
honey. and milk with floweth that land a even land, this us given hath and place, this into us brought hath he And
wonders: with and signs, with and terribleness, great with and arm, outstretched an with and hand, mighty a with Egypt of out forth us brought Lord the And
oppression: our and labour, our and affliction, our on looked and voice, our heard Lord the fathers, our of God Lord the unto cried we when And
bondage: hard us upon laid and us, afflicted and us, entreated evil Egyptians the And
populous: and mighty, great, nation, a there became and few, a with there sojourned and Egypt, into down went he and father, my was perish to ready Syrian A God, thy Lord the before say and speak shalt thou And
God. thy Lord the of altar the before down it set and hand, thine of out basket the take shall priest the And
us. give to for fathers our unto sware Lord the which country the unto come am I that God, thy Lord the unto day this profess I him, unto say and days, those in be shall that priest the unto go shalt thou And
there. name his place to choose shall God thy Lord the which place the unto go shalt and basket, a in it put shalt and thee, giveth God thy Lord the that land thy of bring shalt thou which earth, the of fruit the all of first the of take shalt thou That
therein; dwellest and it, possessest and inheritance, an for thee giveth God thy Lord the which land the unto in come art thou when be, shall it And
it. forget not shalt thou heaven; under from Amalek of remembrance the out blot shalt thou that it, possess to inheritance an for thee giveth God thy Lord the which land the in about, round enemies thine all from rest thee given hath God thy Lord the when be, shall it Therefore
God. not feared he and weary; and faint wast thou when thee, behind feeble were that all even thee, of hindmost the smote and way, the by thee met he How
Egypt; of out forth come were ye when way, the by thee unto did Amalek what Remember
God. thy Lord the unto abomination an are unrighteously, do that all and things, such do that all For
thee. giveth God thy Lord the which land the in lengthened be may days thy that have: thou shalt measure just and perfect a weight, just and perfect a have shalt thou But
small. a and great a measures, divers house thine in have not shalt Thou
small. a and great a weights, divers bag thy in have not shalt Thou
her. pity not shall eye thine hand, her off cut shalt thou Then
secrets: the by him taketh and hand, her forth putteth and him, smiteth that him of hand the of out husband her deliver to for near draweth one the of wife the and another, with one together strive men When
loosed. shoe his hath that him of house The Israel, in called be shall name his And
house. brother's his up build not will that man that unto done be it shall So say, and answer shall and face, his in spit and foot, his off from shoe his loose and elders, the of presence the in him unto come wife brother's his shall Then
her; take to not like I say, and it, to stand he if and him: unto speak and him, call shall city his of elders the Then
brother. husband's my of duty the perform not will he Israel, in name a brother his unto up raise to refuseth brother husband's My say, and elders, the unto gate the to up go wife brother's his let then wife, brother's his take to not like man the if And
Israel. of out put not be name his that dead, is which brother his of name the in succeed shall beareth she which firstborn the that be, shall it And
her. unto brother husband's an of duty the perform and wife, to him to her take and her, unto in go shall brother husband's her stranger: a unto without marry not shall dead the of wife the child, no have and die, them of one and together, dwell brethren If
corn. the out treadeth he when ox the muzzle not shalt Thou
thee. unto vile seem should brother thy then stripes, many with these above him beat and exceed, should he if lest, exceed: not and him, give may he stripes Forty
number. certain a by fault, his to according face, his before beaten be to and down, lie to him cause shall judge the that beaten, be to worthy be man wicked the if be, shall it And
wicked. the condemn and righteous, the justify shall they then them; judge may judges the that judgment, unto come they and men, between controversy a be there If
thing. this do to thee command I therefore Egypt: of land the in bondman a wast thou that remember shalt thou And
widow. the for and fatherless, the for stranger, the for be shall it afterward: it glean not shalt thou vineyard, thy of grapes the gatherest thou When
widow. the for and fatherless, the for stranger, the for be shall it again: boughs the over go not shalt thou tree, olive thine beatest thou When
hands. thine of work the all in thee bless may God thy Lord the that widow: the for and fatherless, the for stranger, the for be shall it it: fetch to again go not shalt thou field, the in sheaf a forgot hast and field, thy in harvest thine down cuttest thou When
thing. this do to thee command I therefore thence: thee redeemed God thy Lord the and Egypt, in bondman a wast thou that remember shalt thou But
pledge: to raiment widow's a take nor fatherless; the of nor stranger, the of judgment the pervert not shalt Thou
sin. own his for death to put be shall man every fathers: the for death to put be children the shall neither children, the for death to put be not shall fathers The
thee. unto sin be it and , Lord the unto thee against cry he lest it: upon heart his setteth and poor, is he for it; upon down go sun the shall neither hire, his him give shalt thou day his At
gates: thy within land thy in are that strangers thy of or brethren, thy of be he whether needy, and poor is that servant hired an oppress not shalt Thou
God. thy Lord the before thee unto righteousness be shall it and thee: bless and raiment, own his in sleep may he that down, goeth sun the when again pledge the him deliver shalt thou case any In
pledge: his with sleep not shalt thou poor, be man the if And
thee. unto abroad pledge the out bring shall lend dost thou whom to man the and abroad, stand shalt Thou
pledge. his fetch to house his into go not shalt thou thing, any brother thy lend dost thou When
Egypt. of out forth come were ye that after way, the by Miriam unto did God thy Lord the what Remember
do. to observe shall ye so them, commanded I as you: teach shall Levites the priests the that all to according do and diligently, observe thou that leprosy, of plague the in heed Take
you. among from away evil put shalt thou and die; shall thief that then him; selleth or him, of merchandise maketh and Israel, of children the of brethren his of any stealing found be man a If
pledge. to life man's a taketh he for pledge: to millstone upper the or nether the take shall man No
taken. hath he which wife his up cheer shall and year, one home at free be shall he but business: any with charged be he shall neither war, to out go not shall he wife, new a taken hath man a When
inheritance. an for thee giveth God thy Lord the which sin, to land the cause not shalt thou and : Lord the before abomination is that for defiled; is she that after wife, his be to again her take not may away, her sent which husband, former Her
wife; his be to her took which die, husband latter the if or house; his of out her sendeth and hand, her in it giveth and divorcement, of bill a her write and her, hate husband latter the if And
wife. man's another be and go may she house, his of out departed is she when And
house. his of out her send and hand, her in it give and divorcement, of bill a her write him let then her: in uncleanness some found hath he because eyes, his in favour no find she that pass to come it and her, married and wife, a taken hath man a When
corn. standing neighbour's thy unto sickle a move not shalt thou but hand; thine with ears the pluck mayest thou then neighbour, thy of corn standing the into comest thou When
vessel. thy in any put not shalt thou but pleasure; own thine at fill thy grapes eat mayest thou then vineyard, neighbour's thy into comest thou When
mouth. thy with promised hast thou which God, thy Lord the unto vowed hast thou as according offering, freewill a even perform; and keep shalt thou lips thy of out gone is which That
thee. in sin no be shall it vow, to forbear shalt thou if But
thee. in sin be would it and thee; of it require surely will God thy Lord the for it: pay to slack not shalt thou God, thy Lord the unto vow a vow shalt thou When
it. possess to goest thou whither land the in to hand thine settest thou that all in thee bless may God thy Lord the that usury: upon lend not shalt thou brother thy unto but usury; upon lend mayest thou stranger a Unto
usury: upon lent is that thing any of usury victuals, of usury money, of usury brother; thy to usury upon lend not shalt Thou
God. thy Lord the unto abomination are these both even for vow: any for God thy Lord the of house the into dog, a of price the or whore, a of hire the bring not shalt Thou
Israel. of sons the of sodomite a nor Israel, of daughters the of whore no be shall There
him. oppress not shalt thou best: him liketh it where gates, thy of one in choose shall he which place that in you, among even thee, with dwell shall He
thee: unto master his from escaped is which servant the master his unto deliver not shalt Thou
thee. from away turn and thee, in thing unclean no see he that holy: be camp thy shall therefore thee; before enemies thine up give to and thee, deliver to camp, thy of midst the in walketh God thy Lord the For
thee: from cometh which that cover and back turn shalt and therewith, dig shalt thou abroad, thyself ease wilt thou when be, shall it and weapon; thy upon paddle a have shalt thou And
abroad: forth go shalt thou whither camp, the without also place a have shalt Thou
again. camp the into come shall he down, is sun the when and water: with himself wash shall he on, cometh evening when be, shall it But
camp: the within come not shall he camp, the of out abroad go he shall then night, by him chanceth that uncleanness of reason by clean not is that man, any you among be there If
thing. wicked every from thee keep then enemies, thine against forth goeth host the When
generation. third their in Lord the of congregation the into enter shall them of begotten are that children The
land. his in stranger a wast thou because Egyptian; an abhor not shalt thou brother: thy is he for Edomite; an abhor not shalt Thou
ever. for days thy all prosperity their nor peace their seek not shalt Thou
thee. loved God thy Lord the because thee, unto blessing a into curse the turned God thy Lord the but Balaam; unto hearken not would God thy Lord the Nevertheless
thee. curse to Mesopotamia, of Pethor of Beor of son the Balaam thee against hired they because and Egypt; of out forth came ye when way, the in water with and bread with not you met they Because
ever: for Lord the of congregation the into enter not they shall generation tenth their to even ; Lord the of congregation the into enter not shall Moabite or Ammonite An
. Lord the of congregation the into enter not he shall generation tenth his to even ; Lord the of congregation the into enter not shall bastard A
. Lord the of congregation the into enter not shall off, cut member privy his hath or stones, the in wounded is that He
skirt. father's his discover nor wife, father's his take not shall man A
days. his all away her put not may he her, humbled hath he because wife; his be shall she and silver, of shekels fifty father damsel's the unto give shall her with lay that man the Then
found; be they and her, with lie and her, on hold lay and betrothed, not is which virgin, a is that damsel a find man a If
her. save to none was there and cried, damsel betrothed the and field, the in her found he For
matter: this is so even him, slayeth and neighbour, his against riseth man a when as for death: of worthy sin no damsel the in is there nothing; do shalt thou damsel the unto But
die. shall her with lay that only man the then her: with lie and her, force man the and field, the in damsel betrothed a find man a if But
you. among from evil away put shalt thou so wife: neighbour's his humbled hath he because man, the and city; the in being not, cried she because damsel, the die; they that stones with them stone shall ye and city, that of gate the unto out both them bring shall ye Then
her; with lie and city, the in her find man a and husband, an unto betrothed be virgin a is that damsel a If
Israel. from evil away put thou shalt so woman: the and woman, the with lay that man the both die, them of both shall they then husband, an to married woman a with lying found be man a If
you. among from away evil put thou shalt so house: father's her in whore the play to Israel, in folly wrought hath she because die: she that stones with her stone shall city her of men the and house, father's her of door the to damsel the out bring shall they Then
damsel: the for found not be virginity of tokens the and true, be thing this if But
days. his all away her put not may he wife; his be shall she and Israel: of virgin a upon name evil an up brought hath he because damsel, the of father the unto them give and silver, of shekels hundred an in him amerce shall they And
him; chastise and man that take shall city that of elders the And
city. the of elders the before cloth the spread shall they And virginity. daughter's my of tokens the are these yet and maid; a daughter thy not found I saying, her, against speech of occasions given hath he lo, And,
her; hateth he and wife, to man this unto daughter my gave I elders, the unto say shall father damsel's the And
gate: the in city the of elders the unto virginity damsel's the of tokens the forth bring and take mother, her and damsel, the of father the shall Then
maid: a not her found I her, to came I when and woman, this took I say, and her, upon name evil an up bring and her, against speech of occasions give And
her, hate and her, unto in go and wife, a take man any If
thyself. coverest thou wherewith vesture, thy of quarters four the upon fringes thee make shalt Thou
together. linen and woollen of as sorts, divers of garment a wear not shalt Thou
together. ass an and ox an with plow not shalt Thou
defiled. be vineyard, thy of fruit the and sown, hast thou which seed thy of fruit the lest seeds: divers with vineyard thy sow not shalt Thou
thence. from fall man any if house, thine upon blood not bring thou that roof, thy for battlement a make shalt thou then house, new a buildest thou When
days. thy prolong mayest thou that and thee, with well be may it that thee; to young the take and go, dam the let wise any in shalt thou But
young: the with dam the take not shalt thou eggs, the upon or young, the upon sitting dam the and eggs, or ones, young be they whether ground, the on or tree, any in way the in thee before be to chance nest bird's a If
God. thy Lord the unto abomination are so do that all for garment: woman's a on put man a shall neither man, a unto pertaineth which that wear not shall woman The
again. up them lift to him help surely shalt thou them: from thyself hide and way, the by down fall ox his or ass brother's thy see not shalt Thou
thyself. hide not mayest thou likewise: do thou shalt found, hast thou and lost, hath he which brother's, thy of thing lost all with and raiment; his with do thou shalt so and ass; his with do thou shalt manner like In
again. him to it restore shalt thou and it, after seek brother thy until thee with be shall it and house, own thine unto it bring shalt thou then not, him know thou if or thee, unto nigh not be brother thy if And
brother. thy unto again them bring case any in shalt thou them: from thyself hide and astray, go sheep his or ox brother's thy see not shalt Thou
inheritance. an for thee giveth God thy Lord the which defiled, not be land thy that God;) of accursed is hanged is that he (for day; that him bury wise any in shalt thou but tree, the upon night all remain not shall body His
tree: a on him hang thou and death, to put be to be he and death, of worthy sin a committed have man a if And
fear. and hear, shall Israel all and you; among from away evil put thou shalt so die: he that stones, with him stone shall city his of men the all And
drunkard. a and glutton, a is he voice; our obey not will he rebellious, and stubborn is son our This city, his of elders the unto say shall they And
place; his of gate the unto and city, his of elders the unto out him bring and him, on hold lay mother his and father his shall Then
them: unto hearken not will him, chastened have they when that, and mother, his of voice the or father, his of voice the obey not will which son, rebellious and stubborn a have man a If
his. is firstborn the of right the strength; his of beginning the is he for hath: he that all of portion double a him giving by firstborn, the for hated the of son the acknowledge shall he But
firstborn: the indeed is which hated, the of son the before firstborn beloved the of son the make not may he that hath, he which that inherit to sons his maketh he when be, shall it Then
hated: was that hers be son firstborn the if and hated; the and beloved the both children, him born have they and hated, another and beloved, one wives, two have man a If
her. humbled hast thou because her, of merchandise make not shalt thou money, for all at her sell not shalt thou but will; she whither go her let shalt thou then her, in delight no have thou if be, shall it And
wife. thy be shall she and husband, her be and her, unto in go shalt thou that after and month: full a mother her and father her bewail and house, thine in remain shall and her, off from captivity her of raiment the put shall she And
nails; her pare and head, her shave shall she and house, thine to home her bring shalt thou Then
wife; thy to her have wouldest thou that her, unto desire a hast and woman, beautiful a captives the among seest And
captive, them taken hast thou and hands, thine into them delivered hath God thy Lord the and enemies, thine against war to forth goest thou When
. Lord the of sight the in right is which that do shalt thou when you, among from blood innocent of guilt the away put thou shalt So
them. forgiven be shall blood the And charge. Israel's of people thy unto blood innocent not lay and redeemed, hast thou whom Israel, people thy unto , Lord O merciful, Be
it. seen eyes our have neither blood, this shed not have hands Our say, and answer shall they And
valley: the in beheaded is that heifer the over hands their wash shall man, slain the unto next are that city, that of elders the all And
tried: be stroke every and controversy every shall word their by and ; Lord the of name the in bless to and him, unto minister to chosen hath God thy Lord the them for near; come shall Levi of sons the priests the And
valley: the in there neck heifer's the off strike shall and sown, nor eared neither is which valley, rough a unto heifer the down bring shall city that of elders the And
yoke; the in drawn not hath which and with, wrought been not hath which heifer, an take shall city that of elders the even man, slain the unto next is which city the that be, shall it And
slain: is that him about round are which cities the unto measure shall they and forth, come shall judges thy and elders thy Then
him: slain hath who known not be it and field, the in lying it, possess to thee giveth God thy Lord the which land the in slain found be one If
subdued. be it until thee, with war maketh that city the against bulwarks build shalt thou and down; them cut and destroy shalt thou meat, for trees not be they that knowest thou which trees the Only
siege: the in them employ to life) man's is field the of tree the (for down them cut not shalt thou and them, of eat mayest thou for them: against axe an forcing by thereof trees the destroy not shalt thou it, take to it against war making in time, long a city a besiege shalt thou When
God. your Lord the against sin ye should so gods; their unto done have they which abominations, their all after do to not you teach they That
thee: commanded hath God thy Lord the as Jebusites; the and Hivites, the Perizzites, the and Canaanites, the Amorites, the and Hittites, the namely, them; destroy utterly shalt thou But
breatheth: that nothing alive save shalt thou inheritance, an for thee give doth God thy Lord the which people, these of cities the of But
nations. these of cities the of not are which thee, from off far very are which cities the all unto do thou shalt Thus
thee. given hath God thy Lord the which enemies, thine of spoil the eat shalt thou and thyself; unto take thou shalt thereof, spoil the all even city, the in is that all and cattle, the and ones, little the and women, the But
sword: the of edge the with thereof male every smite shalt thou hands, thine into it delivered hath God thy Lord the when And
it: besiege shalt thou then thee, against war make will but thee, with peace no make will it if And
thee. serve shall they and thee, unto tributaries be shall therein found is that people the all that be, shall it then thee, unto open and peace, of answer thee make it if be, shall it And
it. unto peace proclaim then it, against fight to city a unto nigh comest thou When
people. the lead to armies the of captains make shall they that people the unto speaking of end an made have officers the when be, shall it And
heart. his as well as faint heart brethren's his lest house, his unto return and go him let fainthearted? and fearful is that there is man What say, shall they and people, the unto further speak shall officers the And
her. take man another and battle, the in die he lest house, his unto return and go him let her? taken not hath and wife, a betrothed hath that there is man what And
it. of eat man another and battle, the in die he lest house, his unto return and go also him let it? of eaten yet not hath and vineyard, a planted hath that he is man what And
it. dedicate man another and battle, the in die he lest house, his to return and go him let it? dedicated not hath and house, new a built hath that there is man What saying, people, the unto speak shall officers the And
you. save to enemies, your against you for fight to you, with goeth that he is God your Lord the For
them; of because terrified ye be neither tremble, not do and not, fear faint, hearts your not let enemies: your against battle unto day this approach ye Israel, O Hear, them, unto say shall And
people, the unto speak and approach shall priest the that battle, the unto nigh come are ye when be, shall it And
Egypt. of land the of out up thee brought which thee, with is God thy Lord the for them: of afraid not be thou, than more people a and chariots, and horses, seest and enemies, thine against battle to out goest thou When
foot. for foot hand, for hand tooth, for tooth eye, for eye life, for go shall life but pity; not shall eye thine And
you. among evil such any more no commit henceforth shall and fear, and hear, shall remain which those And
you. among from away evil the put thou shalt so brother: his unto done have to thought had he as him, unto do ye shall Then
brother; his against falsely testified hath and witness, false a be witness the if behold, and, inquisition: diligent make shall judges the And
days; those in be shall which judges, the and priests the before , Lord the before stand shall is, controversy the whom between men, the both Then
wrong; is which that him against testify to man any against up rise witness false a If
established. be matter the shall witnesses, three of mouth the at or witnesses, two of mouth the at sinneth: he that sin any in sin, any for or iniquity, any for man a against up rise not shall witness One
it. possess to thee giveth God thy Lord the that land the in inherit shalt thou which inheritance, thine in set have time old of they which landmark, neighbour's thy remove not shalt Thou
thee. with well go may it that Israel, from blood innocent of guilt the away put shalt thou but him, pity not shall eye Thine
die. may he that blood, of avenger the of hand the into him deliver and thence, him fetch and send shall city his of elders the Then
cities: these of one into fleeth and die, he that mortally him smite and him, against up rise and him, for wait in lie and neighbour, his hate man any if But
thee. upon be blood so and inheritance, an for thee giveth God thy Lord the which land, thy in shed not be blood innocent That
three: these beside thee, for more cities three add thou shalt then ways; his in ever walk to and God, thy Lord the love to day, this thee command I which them, do to commandments these all keep shalt thou If
fathers; thy unto give to promised he which land the all thee give and fathers, thy unto sworn hath he as coast, thy enlarge God thy Lord the if And
thee. for cities three separate shalt Thou saying, thee, command I Wherefore
past. time in not him hated he as inasmuch death, of worthy not was he whereas him; slay and long, is way the because him, overtake and hot, is heart his while slayer, the pursue blood the of avenger the Lest
live: and cities, those of one unto flee shall he die; he that neighbour, his upon lighteth and helve, the from slippeth head the and tree, the down cut to axe the with stroke a fetcheth hand his and wood, hew to neighbour his with wood the into goeth man a when As
past; time in not hated he whom ignorantly, neighbour his killeth Whoso live: may he that thither, flee shall which slayer, the of case the is this And
thither. flee may slayer every that parts, three into inherit, to thee giveth God thy Lord the which land, thy of coasts the divide and way, a thee prepare shalt Thou
it. possess to thee giveth God thy Lord the which land, thy of midst the in thee for cities three separate shalt Thou
houses; their in and cities, their in dwellest and them, succeedest thou and thee, giveth God thy Lord the land whose nations, the off cut hath God thy Lord the When
him. of afraid be not shalt thou presumptuously: it spoken hath prophet the but spoken, not hath Lord the which thing the is that pass, to come nor not, follow thing the if , Lord the of name the in speaketh prophet a When
spoken? not hath Lord the which word the know we shall How heart, thine in say thou if And
die. shall prophet that even gods, other of name the in speak shall that or speak, to him commanded not have I which name, my in word a speak to presume shall which prophet, the But
him. of it require will I name, my in speak shall he which words my unto hearken not will whosoever that pass, to come shall it And
him. command shall I that all them unto speak shall he and mouth; his in words my put will and thee, unto like brethren, their among from Prophet a up them raise will I
spoken. have they which that spoken well have They me, unto said Lord the And
not. die I that more, any fire great this see me let neither God, my Lord the of voice the again hear not me Let saying, assembly, the of day the in Horeb in God thy Lord the of desiredst thou that all to According
hearken; shall ye him unto me; unto like brethren, thy of thee, of midst the from Prophet a thee unto up raise will God thy Lord The
do. to so thee suffered not hath God thy Lord the thee, for as but diviners: unto and times, of observers unto hearkened possess, shalt thou which nations, these For
God. thy Lord the with perfect be shalt Thou
thee. before from out them drive doth God thy Lord the abominations these of because and : Lord the unto abomination an are things these do that all For
necromancer. a or wizard, a or spirits, familiar with consulter a or charmer, a Or
witch. a or enchanter, an or times, of observer an or divination, useth that or fire, the through pass to daughter his or son his maketh that one any you among found be not shall There
nations. those of abominations the after do to learn not shalt thou thee, giveth God thy Lord the which land the into come art thou When
patrimony. his of sale the of cometh which that beside eat, to portions like have shall They
. Lord the before there stand which do, Levites the brethren his all as God, his Lord the of name the in minister shall he Then
choose; shall Lord the which place the unto mind his of desire the all with come and sojourned, he where Israel, all of out gates thy of any from come Levite a if And
ever. for sons his and him , Lord the of name the in minister to stand to tribes, thy all of out him chosen hath God thy Lord the For
him. give thou shalt sheep, thy of fleece the of first the and oil, thine of and wine, thy of corn, thy of also firstfruit The
maw. the and cheeks, two the and shoulder, the priest the unto give shall they and sheep; or ox be it whether sacrifice, a offer that them from people, the from due priest's the be shall this And
them. unto said hath he as inheritance, their is Lord the brethren: their among inheritance no have they shall Therefore
inheritance. his and fire, by made Lord the of offerings the eat shall they Israel: with inheritance nor part no have shall Levi, of tribe the all and Levites, the priests The
Israel. of midst the in children, his and he, kingdom, his in days his prolong may he that end the to left: the to or hand, right the to commandment, the from aside not turn he that and brethren, his above up lifted not be heart his That
them: do to statutes, these and law this of words the all keep to God, his Lord the fear to learn may he that life: his of days the all therein read shall he and him, with be shall it And
Levites: the priests the before is which that of out book a in law this of copy a him write shall he that kingdom, his of throne the upon sitteth he when be, shall it And
gold. and silver himself to multiply greatly he shall neither away: not turn heart his that himself, to wives multiply he shall Neither
way. that more no return henceforth shall Ye you, unto said hath Lord the as forasmuch horses: multiply should he that end the to Egypt, to return to people the cause nor himself, to horses multiply not shall he But
brother. thy not is which thee, over stranger a set not mayest thou thee: over king set thou shalt brethren thy among from one choose: shall God thy Lord the whom thee, over king him set wise any in shalt Thou
me; about are that nations the all as like me, over king a set will I say, shalt and therein, dwell shalt and it, possess shalt and thee, giveth God thy Lord the which land the unto come art thou When
presumptuously. more no do and fear, and hear, shall people the all And
Israel. from evil the away put shalt thou and die: shall man that even judge, the unto or God, thy Lord the before there minister to standeth that priest the unto hearken not will and presumptuously, do will that man the And
left. the to nor hand, right the to thee, shew shall they which sentence the from decline not shalt thou do: shalt thou thee, tell shall they which judgment the to according and thee, teach shall they which law the of sentence the to According
thee: inform they that all to according do to observe shalt thou and thee; shew shall choose shall Lord the which place that of they which sentence, the to according do shalt thou And
judgment: of sentence the thee shew shall they and enquire; and days, those in be shall that judge the unto and Levites, the priests the unto come shalt thou And
choose; shall God thy Lord the which place the into up thee get and arise, thou shalt then gates: thy within controversy of matters being stroke, and stroke between and plea, and plea between blood, and blood between judgment, in thee for hard too matter a arise there If
you. among from away evil the put shalt thou So people. the all of hands the afterward and death, to him put to him upon first be shall witnesses the of hands The
death. to put be not shall he witness one of mouth the at but death; to put be death of worthy is that he shall witnesses, three or witnesses, two of mouth the At
die. they till stones, with them stone shalt and woman, that or man that even gates, thy unto thing, wicked that committed have which woman, that or man that forth bring thou shalt Then
Israel: in wrought is abomination such that certain, thing the and true, be it behold, and, diligently, enquired and it, of heard hast thou and thee, told be it And
commanded; not have I which heaven, of host the of any or moon, or sun, the either them, worshipped and gods, other served and gone hath And
covenant, his transgressing in God, thy Lord the of sight the in wickedness wrought hath that woman, or man thee, giveth God thy Lord the which gates thy of any within you, among found be there If
God. thy Lord the unto abomination an is that for evilfavouredness: any or blemish, is wherein sheep, or bullock, any God thy Lord the unto sacrifice not shalt Thou
hateth. God thy Lord the which image; any up thee set thou shalt Neither
thee. make shalt thou which God, thy Lord the of altar the unto near trees any of grove a thee plant not shalt Thou
thee. giveth God thy Lord the which land the inherit and live, mayest thou that follow, thou shalt just altogether is which That
righteous. the of words the pervert and wise, the of eyes the blind doth gift a for gift: a take neither persons, respect not shalt thou judgment; wrest not shalt Thou
judgment. just with people the judge shall they and tribes: thy throughout thee, giveth God thy Lord the which gates, thy all in thee make thou shalt officers and Judges
thee. given hath he which God thy Lord the of blessing the to according able, is he as give shall man Every
empty: Lord the before appear not shall they and tabernacles: of feast the in and weeks, of feast the in and bread, unleavened of feast the in choose; shall he which place the in God thy Lord the before appear males thy all shall year a in times Three
rejoice. surely shalt thou therefore hands, thine of works the all in and increase, thine all in thee bless shall God thy Lord the because choose: shall Lord the which place the in God thy Lord the unto feast solemn a keep thou shalt days Seven
gates. thy within are that widow, the and fatherless, the and stranger, the Levite, the and maidservant, thy and manservant, thy and daughter, thy and son, thy and thou, feast, thy in rejoice shalt thou And
wine: thy and corn thy in gathered hast thou that after days, seven tabernacles of feast the observe shalt Thou
statutes. these do and observe shalt thou and Egypt: in bondman a wast thou that remember shalt thou And
there. name his place to chosen hath God thy Lord the which place the in you, among are that widow, the and fatherless, the and stranger, the and gates, thy within is that Levite the and maidservant, thy and manservant, thy and daughter, thy and son, thy and thou, God, thy Lord the before rejoice shalt thou And
thee: blessed hath God thy Lord the as according God, thy Lord the unto give shalt thou which hand, thine of offering freewill a of tribute a with God thy Lord the unto weeks of feast the keep shalt thou And
corn. the to sickle the put to beginnest thou as time such from weeks seven the number to begin thee: unto number thou shalt weeks Seven
therein. work no do shalt thou God: thy Lord the to assembly solemn a be shall day seventh the on and bread: unleavened eat shalt thou days Six
tents. thy unto go and morning, the in turn shalt thou and choose: shall God thy Lord the which place the in it eat and roast shalt thou And
Egypt. of out forth camest thou that season the at sun, the of down going the at even, at passover the sacrifice shalt thou there in, name his place to choose shall God thy Lord the which place the at But
thee: giveth God thy Lord the which gates, thy of any within passover the sacrifice not mayest Thou
morning. the until night all remain even, at day first the sacrificedst thou which flesh, the of thing any there shall neither days; seven coast thy all in thee with seen bread leavened no be shall there And
life. thy of days the all Egypt of land the of out forth camest thou when day the remember mayest thou that haste: in Egypt of land the of out forth camest thou for affliction; of bread the even therewith, bread unleavened eat thou shalt days seven it; with bread leavened no eat shalt Thou
there. name his place to choose shall Lord the which place the in herd, the and flock the of God, thy Lord the unto passover the sacrifice therefore shalt Thou
night. by Egypt of out forth thee brought God thy Lord the Abib of month the in for God: thy Lord the unto passover the keep and Abib, of month the Observe
water. as ground the upon it pour shalt thou thereof; blood the eat not shalt thou Only
hart. the as and roebuck, the as alike, it eat shall person clean the and unclean the gates: thy within it eat shalt Thou
God. thy Lord the unto it sacrifice not shalt thou blemish, ill any have or blind, or lame, be it if as therein, blemish any be there if And
household. thy and thou choose, shall Lord the which place the in year by year God thy Lord the before it eat shalt Thou
sheep. thy of firstling the shear nor bullock, thy of firstling the with work no do shalt thou God: thy Lord the unto sanctify shalt thou flock thy of and herd thy of come that males firstling the All
doest. thou that all in thee bless shall God thy Lord the and years: six thee serving in thee, to servant hired double a worth been hath he for thee; from free away him sendest thou when thee, unto hard seem not shall It
likewise. do shalt thou maidservant thy unto also And ever. for servant thy be shall he and door, the unto ear his through it thrust and aul, an take shalt thou Then
thee; with well is he because house, thine and thee loveth he because thee; from away go not will I thee, unto say he if be, shall it And
day. to thing this thee command I therefore thee: redeemed God thy Lord the and Egypt, of land the in bondman a wast thou that remember shalt thou And
him. unto give shalt thou thee blessed hath God thy Lord the wherewith that of winepress: thy of out and floor, thy of out and flock, thy of out liberally him furnish shalt Thou
empty: away go him let not shalt thou thee, from free out him sendest thou when And
thee. from free go him let shalt thou year seventh the in then years; six thee serve and thee, unto sold be woman, Hebrew an or man, Hebrew an brother, thy if And
land. thy in needy, thy to and poor, thy to brother, thy unto wide hand thine open shalt Thou saying, thee, command I therefore land: the of out cease never shall poor the For
unto. hand thine puttest thou that all in and works, thy all in thee bless shall God thy Lord the thing this for that because him: unto givest thou when grieved be not shall heart thine and him, give surely shalt Thou
thee. unto sin be it and thee, against Lord the unto cry he and nought; him givest thou and brother, poor thy against evil be eye thine and hand; at is release, of year the year, seventh The saying, heart, wicked thy in thought a not be there that Beware
wanteth. he which that in need, his for sufficient him lend surely shalt and him, unto wide hand thine open shalt thou But
brother: poor thy from hand thine shut nor heart, thine harden not shalt thou thee, giveth God thy Lord the which land thy in gates thy of any within brethren thy of one of man poor a you among be there If
thee. over reign not shall they but nations, many over reign shalt thou and borrow; not shalt thou but nations, many unto lend shalt thou and thee: promised he as thee, blesseth God thy Lord the For
day. this thee command I which commandments these all do to observe to God, thy Lord the of voice the unto hearken carefully thou if Only
it: possess to inheritance an for thee giveth God thy Lord the which land the in thee bless greatly shall Lord the for you; among poor no be shall there when Save
release; shall hand thine brother thy with thine is which that but again: it exact mayest thou foreigner a Of
release. 's Lord the called is it because brother; his of or neighbour, his of it exact not shall he it; release shall neighbour his unto ought lendeth that creditor Every release: the of manner the is this And
release. a make shalt thou years seven every of end the At
doest. thou which hand thine of work the all in thee bless may God thy Lord the that satisfied; be and eat shall and come, shall gates, thy within are which widow, the and fatherless, the and stranger, the and thee,) with inheritance nor part no hath he (because Levite, the And
gates: thy within up it lay shalt and year, same the increase thine of tithe the all forth bring shalt thou years three of end the At
thee. with inheritance nor part no hath he for him; forsake not shalt thou gates; thy within is that Levite the And
household, thine and thou, rejoice, shalt thou and God, thy Lord the before there eat shalt thou and desireth: soul thy whatsoever for or drink, strong for or wine, for or sheep, for or oxen, for after, lusteth soul thy whatsoever for money that bestow shalt thou And
choose: shall God thy Lord the which place the unto go shalt and hand, thine in money the up bind and money, into it turn thou shalt Then
thee: blessed hath God thy Lord the when there, name his set to choose shall God thy Lord the which thee, from far too be place the if or it; carry to able not art thou that so thee, for long too be way the if And
always. God thy Lord the fear to learn mayest thou that flocks; thy of and herds thy of firstlings the and oil, thine of and wine, thy of corn, thy of tithe the there, name his place to choose shall he which place the in God, thy Lord the before eat shalt thou And
year. by year forth bringeth field the that seed, thy of increase the all tithe truly shalt Thou
milk. mother's his in kid a seethe not shalt Thou God. thy Lord the unto people holy an art thou for alien: an unto it sell mayest thou or it; eat may he that gates, thy in is that stranger the unto it give shalt thou itself: of dieth that anything of eat not shall Ye
eat. may ye fowls clean all of But
eaten. be not shall they you: unto unclean is flieth that thing creeping every And
bat. the and lapwing, the and kind, her after heron the and stork, the And
cormorant, the and eagle, gier the and pelican, the And
swan, the and owl, great the and owl, little The
kind, his after hawk the and cuckow, the and hawk, night the and owl, the And
kind, his after raven every And
kind, his after vulture the and kite, the and glede, the And
ospray, the and ossifrage, the and eagle, the eat: not shall ye which of they are these But
eat. shall ye birds clean all Of
you. unto unclean is it eat; not may ye scales and fins not hath whatsoever And
eat: ye shall scales and fins have that all waters: the in are that all of eat shall ye These
carcase. dead their touch nor flesh, their of eat not shall ye you: unto unclean is it cud, the not cheweth yet hoof, the divideth it because swine, the And
you. unto unclean are they therefore hoof; the not divide but cud, the chew they for coney: the and hare, the and camel, the as hoof; cloven the divide that them of or cud, the chew that them of eat not shall ye these Nevertheless
eat. shall ye that beasts, the among cud the cheweth and claws, two into cleft the cleaveth and hoof, the parteth that beast every And
chamois. the and ox, wild the and pygarg, the and goat, wild the and deer, fallow the and roebuck, the and hart, The
goat, the and sheep, the ox, the eat: shall ye which beasts the are These
thing. abominable any eat not shalt Thou
earth. the upon are that nations the all above himself, unto people peculiar a be to thee chosen hath Lord the and God, thy Lord the unto people holy an art thou For
dead. the for eyes your between baldness any make nor yourselves, cut not shall ye God: your Lord the of children the are Ye
God. thy Lord the of eyes the in right is which that do to day, this thee command I which commandments his all keep to God, thy Lord the of voice the to hearken shalt thou When
fathers; thy unto sworn hath he as thee, multiply and thee, upon compassion have and mercy, thee shew and anger, his of fierceness the from turn may Lord the that hand: thine to thing cursed the of nought cleave shall there And
again. built be not shall it ever; for heap an be shall it and God: thy Lord the for whit, every thereof spoil the all and city, the fire with burn shalt and thereof, street the of midst the into it of spoil the all gather shalt thou And
sword. the of edge the with thereof, cattle the and therein, is that all and utterly, it destroying sword, the of edge the with city that of inhabitants the smite surely shalt Thou
you; among wrought is abomination such that certain, thing the and truth, be it if behold, and, diligently; ask and search, make and enquire, thou shalt Then
known; not have ye which gods, other serve and go us Let saying, city, their of inhabitants the withdrawn have and you, among from out gone are Belial, of children the men, Certain
saying, there, dwell to thee given hath God thy Lord the which cities, thy of one in say hear shalt thou If
you. among is this as wickedness such any more no do shall and fear, and hear, shall Israel all And
bondage. of house the from Egypt, of land the of out thee brought which God, thy Lord the from away thee thrust to sought hath he because die; he that stones, with him stone shalt thou And
people. the all of hand the afterwards and death, to him put to him upon first be shall hand thine him; kill surely shalt thou But
him: conceal thou shalt neither spare, thou shalt neither him, pity eye thine shall neither him; unto hearken nor him, unto consent not shalt Thou
earth; the of end other the unto even earth the of end one the from thee, from off far or thee, unto nigh you, about round are which people the of gods the of Namely,
fathers; thy nor thou, known, not hast thou which gods, other serve and go us Let saying, secretly, thee entice soul, own thine as is which friend, thy or bosom, thy of wife the or daughter, thy or son, thy or mother, thy of son the brother, thy If
thee. of midst the from away evil the put thou shalt So in. walk to thee commanded God thy Lord the which way the of out thee thrust to bondage, of house the of out you redeemed and Egypt, of land the of out you brought which God, your Lord the from away you turn to spoken hath he because death; to put be shall dreams, of dreamer that or prophet, that And
him. unto cleave and him, serve shall ye and voice, his obey and commandments, his keep and him, fear and God, your Lord the after walk shall Ye
soul. your all with and heart your all with God your Lord the love ye whether know to you, proveth God your Lord the for dreams: of dreamer that or prophet, that of words the unto hearken not shalt Thou
them; serve us let and known, not hast thou which gods, other after go us Let saying, thee, unto spake he whereof pass, to come wonder the or sign the And
wonder, a or sign a thee giveth and dreams, of dreamer a or prophet, a you among arise there If
it. from diminish nor thereto, add not shalt thou it: do to observe you, command I soever thing What
gods. their to fire the in burnt have they daughters their and sons their even for gods; their unto done they have hateth, he which , Lord the to abomination every for God: thy Lord the unto so do not shalt Thou
likewise. do I will so even gods? their serve nations these did How saying, gods, their after not enquire thou that and thee; before from destroyed be they that after them, following by snared not be thou that thyself to heed Take
land; their in dwellest and them, succeedest thou and them, possess to goest thou whither thee, before from nations the off cut shall God thy Lord the When
God. thy Lord the of sight the in right and good is which that doest thou when ever, for thee after children thy with and thee, with well go may it that thee, command I which words these all hear and Observe
flesh. the eat shalt thou and God, thy Lord the of altar the upon out poured be shall sacrifices thy of blood the and God: thy Lord the of altar the upon blood, the and flesh the offerings, burnt thy offer shalt thou And
choose: shall Lord the which place the unto go and take, shalt thou vows, thy and hast, thou which things holy thy Only
. Lord the of sight the in right is which that do shalt thou when thee, after children thy with and thee, with well go may it that it; eat not shalt Thou
water. as earth the upon it pour shalt thou it; eat not shalt Thou
flesh. the with life the eat not mayest thou and life; the is blood the for blood: the not eat thou that sure be Only
alike. them of eat shall clean the and unclean the them: eat shalt thou so eaten, is hart the and roebuck the as Even
after. lusteth soul thy whatsoever gates thy in eat shalt thou and thee, commanded have I as thee, given hath Lord the which flock, thy of and herd thy of kill shalt thou then thee, from far too be there name his put to chosen hath God thy Lord the which place the If
after. lusteth soul thy whatsoever flesh, eat mayest thou flesh; eat to longeth soul thy because flesh, eat will I say, shalt thou and thee, promised hath he as border, thy enlarge shall God thy Lord the When
earth. the upon livest thou as long as Levite the not forsake thou that thyself to heed Take
unto. hands thine puttest thou that all in God thy Lord the before rejoice shalt thou and gates: thy within is that Levite the and maidservant, thy and manservant, thy and daughter, thy and son, thy and thou, choose, shall God thy Lord the which place the in God thy Lord the before them eat must thou But
hand: thine of offering heave or offerings, freewill thy nor vowest, thou which vows thy of any nor flock, thy of or herds thy of firstlings the or oil, thy of or wine, thy of or corn, thy of tithe the gates thy within eat not mayest Thou
water. as earth the upon it pour shall ye blood; the eat not shall ye Only
hart. the of as and roebuck, the of as thereof, eat may clean the and unclean the thee: given hath he which God thy Lord the of blessing the to according after, lusteth soul thy whatsoever gates, thy all in flesh eat and kill mayest thou Notwithstanding
thee. command I that all do shalt thou there and offerings, burnt thy offer shalt thou there tribes, thy of one in choose shall Lord the which place the in But
seest: thou that place every in offerings burnt thy not offer thou that thyself to heed Take
you. with inheritance nor part no hath he as forasmuch gates; your within is that Levite the and maidservants, your and menservants, your and daughters, your and sons, your and ye, God, your Lord the before rejoice shall ye And
: Lord the unto vow ye which vows choice your all and hand, your of offering heave the and tithes, your sacrifices, your and offerings, burnt your you; command I that all bring ye shall thither there; dwell to name his cause to choose shall God your Lord the which place a be shall there Then
safety; in dwell ye that so about, round enemies your all from rest you giveth he when and inherit, to you giveth God your Lord the which land the in dwell and Jordan, over go ye when But
you. giveth God your Lord the which inheritance, the to and rest the to come yet as not are ye For
eyes. own his in right is whatsoever man every day, this here do we that things the all after do not shall Ye
thee. blessed hath God thy Lord the wherein households, your and ye unto, hand your put ye that all in rejoice shall ye and God, your Lord the before eat shall ye there And
flocks: your of and herds your of firstlings the and offerings, freewill your and vows, your and hand, your of offerings heave and tithes, your and sacrifices, your and offerings, burnt your bring shall ye thither And
come: shalt thou thither and seek, ye shall habitation his unto even there, name his put to tribes your all of out choose shall God your Lord the which place the unto But
God. your Lord the unto so do not shall Ye
place. that of out them of names the destroy and gods, their of images graven the down hew shall ye and fire; with groves their burn and pillars, their break and altars, their overthrow shall ye And
tree: green every under and hills, the upon and mountains, high the upon gods, their served possess shall ye which nations the wherein places, the all destroy utterly shall Ye
earth. the upon live ye that days the all it, possess to thee giveth fathers thy of God Lord the which land, the in do to observe shall ye which judgments, and statutes the are These
day. this you before set I which judgments and statutes the all do to observe shall ye And
therein. dwell and it, possess shall ye and you, giveth God your Lord the which land the possess to in go to Jordan over pass shall ye For
Moreh? of plains the beside Gilgal, against over champaign the in dwell which Canaanites, the of land the in down, goeth sun the where way the by Jordan, side other the on not they Are
Ebal. mount upon curse the and Gerizim, mount upon blessing the put shalt thou that it, possess to goest thou whither land the unto in thee brought hath God thy Lord the when pass, to come shall it And
known. not have ye which gods, other after go to day, this you command I which way the of out aside turn but God, your Lord the of commandments the obey not will ye if curse, a And
day: this you command I which God, your Lord the of commandments the obey ye if blessing, A
curse; a and blessing a day this you before set I Behold,
you. unto said hath he as upon, tread shall ye that land the all upon you of dread the and you of fear the lay shall God your Lord the for you: before stand to able be man no shall There
be. coast your shall sea uttermost the unto even Euphrates, river the river, the from Lebanon, and wilderness the from yours: be shall tread shall feet your of soles the whereon place Every
yourselves. than mightier and nations greater possess shall ye and you, before from nations these all out drive Lord the will Then
him; unto cleave to and ways, his all in walk to God, your Lord the love to them, do to you, command I which commandments these all keep diligently shall ye if For
earth. the upon heaven of days the as them, give to fathers your unto sware Lord the which land the in children, your of days the and multiplied, be may days your That
gates: thy upon and house, thine of posts door the upon them write shalt thou And
up. risest thou when and down, liest thou when way, the by walkest thou when and house, thine in sittest thou when them of speaking children, your them teach shall ye And
eyes. your between frontlets as be may they that hand, your upon sign a for them bind and soul, your in and heart your in words my these up lay ye shall Therefore
you. giveth Lord the which land good the off from quickly perish ye lest and fruit; her not yield land the that and rain, no be there that heaven, the up shut he and you, against kindled be wrath 's Lord the then And
them; worship and gods, other serve and aside, turn ye and deceived, not be heart your that yourselves, to heed Take
full. be and eat mayest thou that cattle, thy for fields thy in grass send will I And
oil. thine and wine, thy and corn, thy in gather mayest thou that rain, latter the and rain first the season, due his in land your of rain the you give will I That
soul, your all with and heart your all with him serve to and God, your Lord the love to day, this you command I which commandments my unto diligently hearken shall ye if pass, to come shall it And
year. the of end the unto even year the of beginning the from it, upon always are God thy Lord the of eyes the for: careth God thy Lord the which land A
heaven: of rain the of water drinketh and valleys, and hills of land a is it, possess to go ye whither land, the But
herbs: of garden a as foot, thy with it wateredst and seed, thy sowedst thou where out, came ye whence from Egypt, of land the as not is it, possess to in goest thou whither land, the For
honey. and milk with floweth that land a seed, their to and them unto give to fathers your unto sware Lord the which land, the in days your prolong may ye that And
it; possess to go ye whither land, the possess and in go and strong, be may ye that day, this you command I which commandments the all keep ye shall Therefore
did. he which Lord the of acts great the all seen have eyes your But
Israel: all of midst the in possession, their in was that substance the all and tents, their and households, their and up, them swallowed and mouth, her opened earth the how Reuben: of son the Eliab, of sons the Abiram, and Dathan unto did he what And
place; this into came ye until wilderness, the in you unto did he what And
day; this unto them destroyed hath Lord the how and you, after pursued they as them overflow to sea Red the of water the made he how chariots; their to and horses, their unto Egypt, of army the unto did he what And
land; his all unto and Egypt, of king the Pharaoh unto Egypt of midst the in did he which acts, his and miracles, his And
arm, out stretched his and hand, mighty his greatness, his God, your Lord the of chastisement the seen not have which and known, not have which children your with not speak I for day: this ye know And
alway. commandments, his and judgments, his and statutes, his and charge, his keep and God, thy Lord the love shalt thou Therefore
multitude. for heaven of stars the as thee made hath God thy Lord the now and persons; ten and threescore with Egypt into down went fathers Thy
seen. have eyes thine which things, terrible and great these thee for done hath that God, thy is he and praise, thy is He
name. his by swear and cleave, thou shalt him to and serve, thou shalt him God; thy Lord the fear shalt Thou
Egypt. of land the in strangers were ye for stranger: the therefore ye Love
raiment. and food him giving in stranger, the loveth and widow, and fatherless the of judgment the execute doth He
reward: taketh nor persons, not regardeth which terrible, a and mighty, a God, great a lords, of Lord and gods, of God is God your Lord the For
stiffnecked. more no be and heart, your of foreskin the therefore Circumcise
day. this is it as people, all above you even them, after seed their chose he and them, love to fathers thy in delight a had Lord the Only
is. therein that all with also, earth the God, thy 's Lord the is heavens of heaven the and heaven the Behold,
good? thy for day this thee command I which statutes, his and , Lord the of commandments the keep To
soul, thy all with and heart thy all with God thy Lord the serve to and him, love to and ways, his all in walk to God, thy Lord the fear to but thee, of require God thy Lord the doth what Israel, now, And
them. unto give to fathers their unto sware I which land, the possess and in go may they that people, the before journey thy take Arise, me, unto said Lord the And
thee. destroy not would Lord the and also, time that at me unto hearkened Lord the and nights; forty and days forty time, first the to according mount, the in stayed I And
him. promised God thy Lord the as according inheritance, his is Lord the brethren; his with inheritance nor part no hath Levi Wherefore
day. this unto name, his in bless to and him, unto minister to Lord the before stand to , Lord the of covenant the of ark the bear to Levi, of tribe the separated Lord the time that At
waters. of rivers of land a Jotbath, to Gudgodah from and Gudgodah; unto journeyed they thence From
stead. his in office priest's the in ministered son his Eleazar and buried; was he there and died, Aaron there Mosera: to Jaakan of children the of Beeroth from journey their took Israel of children the And
me. commanded Lord the as be, they there and made; had I which ark the in tables the put and mount, the from down came and myself turned I And
me. unto them gave Lord the and assembly: the of day the in fire the of midst the of out mount the in you unto spake Lord the which commandments, ten the writing, first the to according tables, the on wrote he And
hand. mine in tables two the having mount, the into up went and first, the unto like stone of tables two hewed and wood, shittim of ark an made I And
ark. the in them put shalt thou and brakest, thou which tables first the in were that words the tables the on write will I And
wood. of ark an thee make and mount, the into me unto up come and first, the unto like stone of tables two thee Hew me, unto said Lord the time that At
arm. out stretched thy by and power mighty thy by out broughtest thou which inheritance, thine and people thy are they Yet
wilderness. the in them slay to out them brought hath he them, hated he because and them, promised he which land the into them bring to able not was Lord the Because say, out us broughtest thou whence land the Lest
sin: their to nor wickedness, their to nor people, this of stubbornness the unto not look Jacob; and Isaac, Abraham, servants, thy Remember
hand. mighty a with Egypt of out forth brought hast thou which greatness, thy through redeemed hast thou which inheritance, thine and people thy not destroy , God Lord O said, and , Lord the unto therefore prayed I
you. destroy would he said had Lord the because first; the at down fell I as nights, forty and days forty Lord the before down fell I Thus
you. knew I that day the from Lord the against rebellious been have Ye
voice. his to hearkened nor not, him believed ye and God, your Lord the of commandment the against rebelled ye then you; given have I which land the possess and up Go saying, Kadeshbarnea, from you sent Lord the when Likewise
wrath. to Lord the provoked ye Kibrothhattaavah, at and Massah, at and Taberah, at And
mount. the of out descended that brook the into thereof dust the cast I and dust: as small as was it until even small, very it ground and it, stamped and fire, with it burnt and made, had ye which calf the sin, your took I And
time. same the also Aaron for prayed I and him: destroyed have to Aaron with angry very was Lord the And
also. time that at me unto hearkened Lord the But you. destroy to you against wroth was Lord the wherewith displeasure, hot and anger the of afraid was I For
anger. to him provoke to , Lord the of sight the in wickedly doing in sinned, ye which sins your all of because water, drink nor bread, eat neither did I nights: forty and days forty first, the at as , Lord the before down fell I And
eyes. your before them brake and hands, two my of out them cast and tables, two the took I And
you. commanded had Lord the which way the of out quickly aside turned had ye calf: molten a you made had and God, your Lord the against sinned had ye behold, and, looked, I And
hands. two my in were covenant the of tables two the and fire: with burned mount the and mount, the from down came and turned I So
they. than greater and mightier nation a thee of make will I and heaven: under from name their out blot and them, destroy may I that alone, me Let
people: stiffnecked a is it behold, and, people, this seen have I saying, me, unto spake Lord the Furthermore
image. molten a them made have they them; commanded I which way the of out aside turned quickly are they themselves; corrupted have Egypt of out forth brought hast thou which people thy for hence; from quickly down thee get Arise, me, unto said Lord the And
covenant. the of tables the even stone, of tables two the me gave Lord the that nights, forty and days forty of end the at pass to came it And
assembly. the of day the in fire the of midst the of out mount the in you with spake Lord the which words, the all to according written was them on and God; of finger the with written stone of tables two me unto delivered Lord the And
water: drink nor bread eat did neither I nights, forty and days forty mount the in abode I then you, with made Lord the which covenant the of tables the even stone, of tables the receive to mount the into up gone was I When
you. destroyed have to you with angry was Lord the that so wrath, to Lord the provoked ye Horeb in Also
. Lord the against rebellious been have ye place, this unto came ye until Egypt, of land the of out depart didst thou that day the from wilderness: the in wrath to God thy Lord the provokedst thou how not, forget and Remember,
people. stiffnecked a art thou for righteousness; thy for it possess to land good this not thee giveth God thy Lord the that therefore, Understand
Jacob. and Isaac, Abraham, fathers, thy unto sware Lord the which word the perform may he that and thee, before from out them drive doth God thy Lord the nations these of wickedness the for but land: their possess to go thou dost heart, thine of uprightness the for or righteousness, thy for Not
thee. before from out them drive doth Lord the nations these of wickedness the for but land: this possess to in me brought hath Lord the righteousness my For saying, thee, before from out them cast hath God thy Lord the that after heart, thine in thou not Speak
thee. unto said hath Lord the as quickly, them destroy and out, them drive thou shalt so face: thy before down them bring shall he and them, destroy shall he fire consuming a as thee; before over goeth which he is God thy Lord the that day, this therefore Understand
Anak! of children the before stand can Who say, heard hast thou whom of and knowest, thou whom Anakims, the of children the tall, and great people A
heaven, to up fenced and great cities thyself, than mightier and greater nations possess to in go to day, this Jordan over pass to art Thou Israel: O Hear,
God. your Lord the of voice the unto obedient be not would ye because perish; ye shall so face, your before destroyeth Lord the which nations the As
perish. surely shall ye that day this you against testify I them, worship and them, serve and gods, other after walk and God, thy Lord the forget all at do thou if be, shall it And
day. this is it as fathers, thy unto sware he which covenant his establish may he that wealth, get to power thee giveth that he is it for God: thy Lord the remember shalt thou But
wealth. this me gotten hath hand mine of might the and power My heart, thine in say thou And
end; latter thy at good thee do to thee, prove might he that and thee, humble might he that not, knew fathers thy which manna, with wilderness the in thee fed Who
flint; of rock the of out water forth thee brought who water; no was there where drought, and scorpions, and serpents, fiery were wherein wilderness, terrible and great that through thee led Who
bondage; of house the from Egypt, of land the of out forth thee brought which God, thy Lord the forget thou and up, lifted be heart thine Then
multiplied; is hast thou that all and multiplied, is gold thy and silver thy and multiply, flocks thy and herds thy when And
therein; dwelt and houses, goodly built hast and full, art and eaten hast thou when Lest
day: this thee command I which statutes, his and judgments, his and commandments, his keeping not in God, thy Lord the not forget thou that Beware
thee. given hath he which land good the for God thy Lord the bless shalt thou then full, art and eaten hast thou When
brass. dig mayest thou hills whose of out and iron, are stones whose land a it; in thing any lack not shalt thou scarceness, without bread eat shalt thou wherein land A
honey; and olive, oil of land a pomegranates; and trees, fig and vines, and barley, and wheat, of land A
hills; and valleys of out spring that depths and fountains of water, of brooks of land a land, good a into thee bringeth God thy Lord the For
him. fear to and ways, his in walk to God, thy Lord the of commandments the keep shalt thou Therefore
thee. chasteneth God thy Lord the so son, his chasteneth man a as that, heart, thine in consider also shalt Thou
years. forty these swell, foot thy did neither thee, upon old not waxed raiment Thy
live. man doth Lord the of mouth the of out proceedeth that word every by but only, bread by live not doth man that know thee make might he that know; fathers thy did neither not, knewest thou which manna, with thee fed and hunger, to thee suffered and thee, humbled he And
no. or commandments, his keep wouldest thou whether heart, thine in was what know to thee, prove to and thee, humble to wilderness, the in years forty these thee led God thy Lord the which way the all remember shalt thou And
fathers. your unto sware Lord the which land the possess and in go and multiply, and live, may ye that do, to observe ye shall day this thee command I which commandments the All
thing. cursed a is it for it; abhor utterly shalt thou and it, detest utterly shalt thou but it: like thing cursed a be thou lest house, thine into abomination an bring thou shalt Neither
God. thy Lord the to abomination an is it for therin: snared be thou lest thee, unto it take nor them, on is that gold or silver the desire not shalt thou fire: with burn ye shall gods their of images graven The
them. destroyed have thou until thee, before stand to able be man no shall there heaven: under from name their destroy shalt thou and hand, thine into kings their deliver shall he And
destroyed. be they until destruction, mighty a with them destroy shall and thee, unto them deliver shall God thy Lord the But
thee. upon increase field the of beasts the lest once, at them consume not mayest thou little: and little by thee before nations those out put will God thy Lord the And
terrible. and God mighty a you, among is God thy Lord the for them: at affrighted be not shalt Thou
destroyed. be thee, from themselves hide and left, are that they until them, among hornet the send will God thy Lord the Moreover
afraid. art thou whom of people the all unto do God thy Lord the shall so out: thee brought God thy Lord the whereby arm, out stretched the and hand, mighty the and wonders, the and signs, the and saw, eyes thine which temptations great The
Egypt; all unto and Pharaoh, unto did God thy Lord the what remember well shalt but them: of afraid be not shalt Thou
them? dispossess I can how I; than more are nations These heart, thine in say shalt thou If
thee. unto snare a be will that for gods; their serve thou shalt neither them: upon pity no have shall eye thine thee; deliver shall God thy Lord the which people the all consume shalt thou And
thee. hate that them all upon them lay will but thee; upon knowest, thou which Egypt, of diseases evil the of none put will and sickness, all thee from away take will Lord the And
cattle. your among or you, among barren female or male be not shall there people: all above blessed be shalt Thou
thee. give to fathers thy unto sware he which land the in sheep, thy of flocks the and kine, thy of increase the oil, thine and wine, thy and corn, thy land, thy of fruit the and womb, thy of fruit the bless also will he thee: multiply and thee, bless and thee, love will he And
fathers: thy unto sware he which mercy the and covenant the thee unto keep shall God thy Lord the that them, do and keep, and judgments, these to hearken ye if pass, to come shall it Wherefore
them. do to day, this thee command I which judgments, the and statutes, the and commandments, the keep therefore shalt Thou
face. his to him repay will he him, hateth that him to slack be not will he them: destroy to face, their to him hate that them repayeth And
generations; thousand a to commandments his keep and him love that them with mercy and covenant keepeth which God, faithful the God, is he God, thy Lord the that therefore Know
Egypt. of king Pharaoh of hand the from bondmen, of house the of out you redeemed and hand, mighty a with out you brought Lord the hath fathers, your unto sworn had he which oath the keep would he because and you, loved Lord the because But
people: all of fewest the were ye for people; any than number in more were ye because you, choose nor you, upon love his set not did Lord The
earth. the of face the upon are that people all above himself, unto people special a be to thee chosen hath God thy Lord the God: thy Lord the unto people holy an art thou For
fire. with images graven their burn and groves, their down cut and images, their down break and altars, their destroy shall ye them; with deal ye shall thus But
suddenly. thee destroy and you, against kindled be Lord the of anger the will so gods: other serve may they that me, following from son thy away turn will they For
son. thy unto take thou shalt daughter his nor son, his unto give not shalt thou daughter thy them; with marriages make thou shalt Neither
them: unto mercy shew nor them, with covenant no make shalt thou them; destroy utterly and them, smite shalt thou thee; before them deliver shall God thy Lord the when And
thou; than mightier and greater nations seven Jebusites, the and Hivites, the and Perizzites, the and Canaanites, the and Amorites, the and Girgashites, the and Hittites, the thee, before nations many out cast hath and it, possess to goest thou whither land the into thee bring shall God thy Lord the When
us. commanded hath he as God, our Lord the before commandments these all do to observe we if righteousness, our be shall it And
day. this at is it as alive, us preserve might he that always, good our for God, our Lord the fear to statutes, these all do to us commanded Lord the And
fathers. our unto sware he which land the us give to in, us bring might he that thence, from out us brought he And
eyes: our before household, his all upon and Pharaoh, upon Egypt, upon sore, and great wonders, and signs shewed Lord the And
hand: mighty a with Egypt of out us brought Lord the and Egypt; in bondmen Pharaoh's were We son, thy unto say shalt thou Then
you? commanded hath God our Lord the which judgments, the and statutes, the and testimonies, the mean What saying, come, to time in thee asketh son thy when And
spoken. hath Lord the as thee, before from enemies thine all out cast To
fathers. thy unto sware Lord the which land good the possess and in go mayest thou that and thee, with well be may it that : Lord the of sight the in good and right is which that do shalt thou And
thee. commanded hath he which statutes, his and testimonies, his and God, your Lord the of commandments the keep diligently shall Ye
Massah. in him tempted ye as God, your Lord the tempt not shall Ye
earth. the of face the off from thee destroy and thee, against kindled be God thy Lord the of anger the lest you) among God jealous a is God thy Lord the (For
you; about round are which people the of gods the of gods, other after go not shall Ye
name. his by swear shalt and him, serve and God, thy Lord the fear shalt Thou
bondage. of house the from Egypt, of land the of out forth thee brought which , Lord the forget thou lest beware Then
full; be and eaten have shalt thou when not; plantedst thou which trees, olive and vineyards not, diggedst thou which digged, wells and not, filledst thou which things, good all of full houses And
not, buildedst thou which cities, goodly and great thee give to Jacob, to and Isaac, to Abraham, to fathers, thy unto sware he which land the into thee brought have shall God thy Lord the when be, shall it And
gates. thy on and house, thy of posts the upon them write shalt thou And
eyes. thine between frontlets as be shall they and hand, thine upon sign a for them bind shalt thou And
up. risest thou when and down, liest thou when and way, the by walkest thou when and house, thine in sittest thou when them of talk shalt and children, thy unto diligently them teach shalt thou And
heart: thine in be shall day, this thee command I which words, these And
might. thy all with and soul, thy all with and heart, thine all with God thy Lord the love shalt thou And
: Lord one is God our Lord The Israel: O Hear,
honey. and milk with floweth that land the in thee, promised hath fathers thy of God Lord the as mightily, increase may ye that and thee, with well be may it that it; do to observe and Israel, O therefore, Hear
prolonged. be may days thy that and life; thy of days the all son, son's thy and son, thy and thou, thee, command I which commandments, his and statutes his all keep to God, thy Lord the fear mightest thou That
it: possess to go ye whither land the in them do might ye that you, teach to commanded God your Lord the which judgments, the and statutes, the commandments, the are these Now
possess. shall ye which land the in days your prolong may ye that and you, with well be may it that and live, may ye that you, commanded hath God your Lord the which ways the all in walk shall Ye
left. the to or hand right the to aside turn not shall ye you: commanded hath God your Lord the as therefore do to observe shall Ye
it. possess to them give I which land the in them do may they that them, teach shalt thou which judgments, the and statutes, the and commandments, the all thee unto speak will I and me, by here thou stand thee, for as But
again. tents your into you Get them, to say Go
ever! for children their with and them, with well be might it that always, commandments my all keep and me, fear would they that them, in heart an such were there that O
spoken. have they that all said well have they thee: unto spoken have they which people, this of words the of voice the heard have I me, unto said Lord the and me; unto spake ye when words, your of voice the heard Lord the And
it. do and it, hear will we and thee; unto speak shall God our Lord the that all us unto thou speak and say: shall God our Lord the that all hear and near, thou Go
lived? and have, we as fire, the of midst the of out speaking God living the of voice the heard hath that flesh, all of there is who For
die. shall we then more, any God our Lord the of voice the hear we if us: consume will fire great this for die? we should why therefore Now
liveth. he and man, with talk doth God that day this seen have we fire: the of midst the of out voice his heard have we and greatness, his and glory his us shewed hath God our Lord the Behold, said, ye And
elders; your and tribes, your of heads the all even me, unto near came ye that fire,) with burn did mountain the (for darkness, the of midst the of out voice the heard ye when pass, to came it And
me. unto them delivered and stone, of tables two in them wrote he And more. no added he and voice: great a with darkness, thick the of and cloud, the of fire, the of midst the of out mount the in assembly your all unto spake Lord the words These
neighbour's. thy is that thing any or ass, his or ox, his maidservant, his or manservant, his or field, his house, neighbour's thy covet thou shalt neither wife, neighbour's thy desire thou shalt Neither
neighbour. thy against witness false bear thou shalt Neither
steal. thou shalt Neither
adultery. commit thou shalt Neither
kill. not shalt Thou
thee. giveth God thy Lord the which land the in thee, with well go may it that and prolonged, be may days thy that thee; commanded hath God thy Lord the as mother, thy and father thy Honour
day. sabbath the keep to thee commanded God thy Lord the therefore arm: out stretched a by and hand mighty a through thence out thee brought God thy Lord the that and Egypt, of land the in servant a wast thou that remember And
thou. as well as rest may maidservant thy and manservant thy that gates; thy within is that stranger thy nor cattle, thy of any nor ass, thine nor ox, thine nor maidservant, thy nor manservant, thy nor daughter, thy nor son, thy nor thou, work, any do not shalt thou it in God: thy Lord the of sabbath the is day seventh the But
work: thy all do and labour, shalt thou days Six
thee. commanded hath God thy Lord the as it, sanctify to day sabbath the Keep
vain. in name his taketh that guiltless him hold not will Lord the for vain: in God thy Lord the of name the take not shalt Thou
commandments. my keep and me love that them of thousands unto mercy shewing And
me, hate that them of generation fourth and third the unto children the upon fathers the of iniquity the visiting God, jealous a am God thy Lord the I for them: serve nor them, unto thyself down bow not shalt Thou
earth: the beneath waters the in is that or beneath, earth the in is that or above, heaven in is that thing any of likeness any or image, graven any thee make not shalt Thou
me. before gods other none have shalt Thou
bondage. of house the from Egypt, of land the of out thee brought which God, thy Lord the am I
saying, mount;) the into up not went and fire, the of reason by afraid were ye for : Lord the of word the you shew to time, that at you and Lord the between stood (I
fire, the of midst the of out mount the in face to face you with talked Lord The
day. this alive here us of all are who us, even us, with but fathers, our with covenant this not made Lord The
Horeb. in us with covenant a made God our Lord The
them. do and keep, and them, learn may ye that day, this ears your in speak I which judgments and statutes the Israel, O Hear, them, unto said and Israel, all called Moses And
Pisgah. of springs the under plain, the of sea the unto even eastward, Jordan side this on plain the all And
Hermon, is which Sion, mount unto even Arnon, river the of bank the by is which Aroer, From
sunrising; the toward Jordan side this on were which Amorites, the of kings two Bashan, of king Og of land the and land, his possessed they And
Egypt: of out forth come were they after smote, Israel of children the and Moses whom Heshbon, at dwelt who Amorites, the of king Sihon of land the in Bethpeor, against over valley the in Jordan, side this On
Egypt. of out forth came they after Israel, of children the unto spake Moses which judgments, the and statutes, the and testimonies, the are These
Israel: of children the before set Moses which law the is this And
Manassites. the of Bashan, in Golan and Gadites; the of Gilead, in Ramoth and Reubenites; the of country, plain the in wilderness, the in Bezer Namely,
live: might he cities these of one unto fleeing that and past; times in not him hated and unawares, neighbour his kill should which thither, flee might slayer the That
sunrising; the toward Jordan side this on cities three severed Moses Then
ever. for thee, giveth God thy Lord the which earth, the upon days thy prolong mayest thou that and thee, after children thy with and thee, with well go may it that day, this thee command I which commandments, his and statutes, his therefore keep shalt Thou
else. none is there beneath: earth the upon and above, heaven in God is he Lord the that heart, thine in it consider and day, this therefore Know
day. this is it as inheritance, an for land their thee give to in, thee bring to art, thou than mightier and greater thee before from nations out drive To
Egypt; of out power mighty his with sight his in out thee brought and them, after seed their chose he therefore fathers, thy loved he because And
fire. the of midst the of out words his heardest thou and fire; great his thee shewed he earth upon and thee: instruct might he that voice, his hear to thee made he heaven of Out
him. beside else none is there God; is he Lord the that know mightest thou that shewed, was it thee Unto
eyes? your before Egypt in you for did God your Lord the that all to according terrors, great by and arm, out stretched a by and hand, mighty a by and war, by and wonders, by and signs, by temptations, by nation, another of midst the from nation a him take and go to assayed God hath Or
live? and heard, hast thou as fire, the of midst the of out speaking God of voice the hear people ever Did
it? like heard been hath or is, thing great this as thing such any been hath there whether other, the unto heaven of side one the from ask and earth, the upon man created God that day the since thee, before were which past, are that days the of now ask For
them. unto sware he which fathers thy of covenant the forget nor thee, destroy neither thee, forsake not will he God;) merciful a is God thy Lord the (For
voice; his unto obedient be shalt and God, thy Lord the to turn thou if days, latter the in even thee, upon come are things these all and tribulation, in art thou When
soul. thy all with and heart thy all with him seek thou if him, find shalt thou God, thy Lord the seek shalt thou thence from if But
smell. nor eat, nor hear, nor see, neither which stone, and wood hands, men's of work the gods, serve shall ye there And
you. lead shall Lord the whither heathen, the among number in few left be shall ye and nations, the among you scatter shall Lord the And
destroyed. be utterly shall but it, upon days your prolong not shall ye it; possess to Jordan over go ye whereunto land the off from perish utterly soon shall ye that day, this you against witness to earth and heaven call I
anger: to him provoke to God, thy Lord the of sight the in evil do shall and thing, any of likeness the or image, graven a make and yourselves, corrupt shall and land, the in long remained have shall ye and children, children's and children, beget shalt thou When
God. jealous a even fire, consuming a is God thy Lord the For
thee. forbidden hath God thy Lord the which thing, any of likeness the or image, graven a you make and you, with made he which God, your Lord the of covenant the forget ye lest yourselves, unto heed Take
land. good that possess and over, go shall ye but Jordan: over go not must I land, this in die must I But
inheritance: an for thee giveth God thy Lord the which land, good that unto in go not should I that and Jordan, over go not should I that sware and sakes, your for me with angry was Lord the Furthermore
day. this are ye as inheritance, of people a him unto be to Egypt, of out even furnace, iron the of out forth you brought and you, taken hath Lord the But
heaven. whole the under nations all unto divided hath God thy Lord the which them, serve and them, worship to driven be shouldest heaven, of host the all even stars, the and moon, the and sun, the seest thou when and heaven, unto eyes thine up lift thou lest And
earth: the beneath waters the in is that fish any of likeness the ground, the on creepeth that thing any of likeness The
air, the in flieth that fowl winged any of likeness the earth, the on is that beast any of likeness The
female, or male of likeness the figure, any of similitude the image, graven a you make and yourselves, corrupt ye Lest
fire: the of midst the of out Horeb in you unto spake Lord the that day the on similitude of manner no saw ye for yourselves; unto heed good therefore ye Take
it. possess to over go ye whither land the in them do might ye that judgments, and statutes you teach to time that at me commanded Lord the And
stone. of tables two upon them wrote he and commandments; ten even perform, to you commanded he which covenant, his you unto declared he And
voice. a heard ye only similitude; no saw but words, the of voice the heard ye fire: the of midst the of out you unto spake Lord the And
darkness. thick and clouds, darkness, with heaven, of midst the unto fire with burned mountain the and mountain; the under stood and near came ye And
children. their teach may they that and earth, the upon live shall they that days the all me fear to learn may they that words, my hear them make will I and together, people the me Gather me, unto said Lord the when Horeb, in God thy Lord the before stoodest thou that day the Specially
sons; sons' thy and sons, thy them teach but life: thy of days the all heart thy from depart they lest and seen, have eyes thine which things the forget thou lest diligently, soul thy keep and thyself, to heed take Only
day? this you before set I which law, this all as righteous so judgments and statutes hath that great, so there is nation what And
for? him upon call we that things all in is God our Lord the as them, unto nigh so God hath who great, so there is nation what For
people. understanding and wise a is nation great this Surely say, and statutes, these all hear shall which nations, the of sight the in understanding your and wisdom your is this for them; do and therefore Keep
it. possess to go ye whither land the in so do should ye that me, commanded God my Lord the as even judgments, and statutes you taught have I Behold,
day. this you of one every alive are God your Lord the unto cleave did that ye But
you. among from them destroyed hath God thy Lord the Baalpeor, followed that men the all for Baalpeor: of because did Lord the what seen have eyes Your
you. command I which God your Lord the of commandments the keep may ye that it, from ought diminish ye shall neither you, command I which word the unto add not shall Ye
you. giveth fathers your of God Lord the which land the possess and in go and live, may ye that them, do to for you, teach I which judgments, the unto and statutes the unto Israel, O hearken, therefore Now
Bethpeor. against over valley the in abode we So
see. shalt thou which land the inherit to them cause shall he and people, this before over go shall he for him: strengthen and him, encourage and Joshua, charge But
Jordan. this over go not shalt thou for eyes: thine with it behold and eastward, and southward, and northward, and westward, eyes thine up lift and Pisgah, of top the into up thee Get
matter. this of me unto more no speak thee; suffice it Let me, unto said Lord the and me: hear not would and sakes, your for me with wroth was Lord the But
Lebanon. and mountain, goodly that Jordan, beyond is that land good the see and over, go me let thee, pray I
might? thy to according and works, thy to according do can that earth, in or heaven in there is God what for hand: mighty thy and greatness, thy servant thy shew to begun hast thou , God Lord O
saying, time, that at Lord the besought I And
you. for fight shall he God your Lord the for them: fear not shall Ye
passest. thou whither kingdoms the all unto do Lord the shall so kings: two these unto done hath God your Lord the that all seen have eyes Thine saying, time, that at Joshua commanded I And
you. given have I which possession, his unto man every return ye shall then and Jordan: beyond them given hath God your Lord the which land the possess also they until and you, unto as well as brethren, your unto rest given have Lord the Until
you; given have I which cities your in abide shall cattle,) much have ye that know I (for cattle, your and ones, little your and wives, your But
war. the for meet are that all Israel, of children the brethren your before armed over pass shall ye it: possess to land this you given hath God your Lord The saying, time, that at you commanded I And
eastward. Ashdothpisgah under sea, salt the even plain, the of sea the unto even Chinnereth from thereof, coast the and Jordan, and also, plain The
Ammon; of children the of border the is which Jabbok, river the unto even border the and valley, the half Arnon river the unto even Gilead from gave I Gadites the unto and Reubenites the unto And
Machir. unto Gilead gave I And
day. this unto Bashanhavothjair, name, own his after them called and Maachathi; and Geshuri of coasts the unto Argob of country the all took Manasseh of son the Jair
giants. of land the called was which Bashan, all with Argob, of region the all Manasseh; of tribe half the unto I gave Og, of kingdom the being Bashan, all and Gilead, of rest the And
Gadites. the to and Reubenites the unto I gave thereof, cities the and Gilead, mount half and Arnon, river the by is which Aroer, from time, that at possessed we which land, this And
man. a of cubit the after it, of breadth the cubits four and thereof, length the was cubits nine Ammon? of children the of Rabbath in not it is iron; of bedstead a was bedstead his behold giants; of remnant the of remained Bashan of king Og only For
Bashan. in Og of kingdom the of cities Edrei, and Salchah unto Bashan, all and Gilead, all and plain, the of cities the All
Shenir;) it call Amorites the and Sirion; call Sidonians the Hermon (Which
Hermon; mount unto Arnon of river the from Jordan, side this on was that land the Amorites the of kings two the of hand the of out time that at took we And
ourselves. to prey a for took we cities, the of spoil the and cattle, the all But
city. every of children, and women, men, the destroying utterly Heshbon, of king Sihon unto did we as them, destroyed utterly we And
many. great a towns unwalled beside bars; and gates, walls, high with fenced were cities these All
Bashan. in Og of kingdom the Argob, of region the all cities, threescore them, from not took we which city a not was there time, that at cities his all took we And
remaining. him to left was none until him smote we and people: his all and Bashan, of king the also, Og hands our into delivered God our Lord the So
Heshbon. at dwelt which Amorites, the of king Sihon unto didst thou as him unto do shalt thou and hand; thy into land, his and people, his all and him, deliver will I for not: him Fear me, unto said Lord the And
Edrei. at battle to people, his all and he us, against out came Bashan of king the Og and Bashan: to way the up went and turned, we Then
us. forbad God our Lord the whatsoever unto nor mountains, the in cities the unto nor Jabbok, river the of place any unto nor not, camest thou Ammon of children the of land the unto Only
us: unto all delivered God our Lord the us: for strong too city one not was there Gilead, unto even river, the by is that city the from and Arnon, of river the of brink the by is which Aroer, From
took. we which cities the of spoil the and ourselves, unto prey a for took we cattle the Only
remain: to none left we city, every of ones, little the and women, the and men, the destroyed utterly and time, that at cities his all took we And
people. his all and sons, his and him, smote we and us; before him delivered God our Lord the And
Jahaz. at fight to people, his all and he us, against out came Sihon Then
land. his inherit mayest thou that possess, to begin thee: before land his and Sihon give to begun have I Behold, me, unto said Lord the And
day. this appeareth as hand, thy into him deliver might he that obstinate, heart his made and spirit, his hardened God thy Lord the for him: by pass us let not would Heshbon of king Sihon But
us. giveth God our Lord the which land the into Jordan over pass shall I until me;) unto did Ar, in dwell which Moabites the and Seir, in dwell which Esau of children the (As
feet; my on through pass will I only drink: may I that money, for water me give and eat; may I that money, for meat me sell shalt Thou
left. the to nor hand right the unto turn neither will I way, high the by along go will I land: thy through pass me Let
saying, peace, of words with Heshbon of king Sihon unto Kedemoth of wilderness the of out messengers sent I And
thee. of because anguish in be and tremble, shall and thee, of report hear shall who heaven, whole the under are that nations the upon thee of fear the and thee of dread the put to begin I will day This
battle. in him with contend and it, possess to begin land: his and Heshbon, of king Amorite, the Sihon hand thine into given have I behold, Arnon: river the over pass and journey, your take up, ye Rise
stead.) their in dwelt and them, destroyed Caphtor, of out forth came which Caphtorims, the Azzah, unto even Hazerim, in dwelt which Avims the And
day: this unto even stead their in dwelt and them, succeeded they and them; before from Horims the destroyed he when Seir, in dwelt which Esau, of children the to did he As
stead: their in dwelt and them, succeeded they and them; before them destroyed Lord the but Anakims; the as tall, and many, and great, people A
Zamzummims; them call Ammonites the and time; old in therein dwelt giants giants: of land a accounted was also (That
possession. a for Lot of children the unto it given have I because possession; any Ammon of children the of land the of thee give not will I for them: with meddle nor not, them distress Ammon, of children the against over nigh comest thou when And
day: this Moab, of coast the Ar, through over pass to art Thou
saying, me, unto spake Lord the That
people, the among from dead and consumed were war of men the all when pass, to came it So
consumed. were they until host, the among from them destroy to them, against was Lord the of hand the indeed For
them. unto sware Lord the as host, the among from out wasted were war of men the of generation the all until years; eight and thirty was Zered, brook the over come were we until Kadeshbarnea, from came we which in space the And
Zered. brook the over went we And Zered. brook the over you get and I, said up, rise Now
them. unto gave Lord the which possession, his of land the unto did Israel as stead; their in dwelt and them, before from them destroyed had they when them, succeeded Esau of children the but beforetime; Seir in dwelt also Horims The
Emims. them called Moabites the but Anakims; the as giants, accounted were also Which
Anakims; the as tall, and many, and great, people a past, times in therein dwelt Emims The
possession. a for Lot of children the unto Ar given have I because possession; a for land their of thee give not will I for battle: in them with contend neither Moabites, the not Distress me, unto said Lord the And
Moab. of wilderness the of way the by passed and turned we Eziongaber, from and Elath, from plain the of way the through Seir, in dwelt which Esau, of children the brethren our from by passed we when And
nothing. lacked hast thou thee; with been hath God thy Lord the years forty these wilderness: great this through walking thy knoweth he hand: thy of works the all in thee blessed hath God thy Lord the For
drink. may ye that money, for them of water buy also shall ye and eat; may ye that money, for them of meat buy shall Ye
possession. a for Esau unto Seir mount given have I because breadth; foot a as much so not no, land, their of you give not will I for them; with not Meddle
therefore: yourselves unto heed good ye take you: of afraid be shall they and Seir; in dwell which Esau, of children the brethren your of coast the through pass to are Ye saying, people, the thou command And
northward. you turn enough: long mountain this compassed have Ye
saying, me, unto spake Lord the And
days. many Seir mount compassed we and me: unto spake Lord the as sea, Red the of way the by wilderness the into journey our took and turned, we Then
there. abode ye that days the unto according days, many Kadesh in abode ye So
you. unto ear give nor voice, your to hearken not would Lord the but ; Lord the before wept and returned ye And
Hormah. unto even Seir, in you destroyed and do, bees as you, chased and you, against out came mountain, that in dwelt which Amorites, the And
hill. the into up presumptuously went and , Lord the of commandment the against rebelled but hear, not would ye and you; unto spake I So
enemies. your before smitten be ye lest you; among not am I for fight; neither up, not Go them. unto Say me, unto said Lord the And
hill. the into up go to ready were ye war, of weapons his man every on girded had ye when And us. commanded God our Lord the that all to according fight, and up go will we , Lord the against sinned have We me, unto said and answered ye Then
sea. Red the of way the by wilderness the into journey your take and you, turn you, for as But
it. possess shall they and it, give I will them unto and thither, in go shall they evil, and good between knowledge no had day that in which children, your and prey, a be should said ye which ones, little your Moreover
it. inherit to Israel cause shall he for him: encourage thither: in go shall he thee, before standeth which Nun, of son the Joshua But
thither. in go not shalt also Thou saying, sakes, your for me with angry was Lord the Also
. Lord the followed wholly hath he because children, his to and upon, trodden hath he that land the give I will him to and it, see shall he Jephunneh; of son the Caleb Save
fathers. your unto give to sware I which land, good that see generation evil this of men these of one not shall there Surely
saying, sware, and wroth, was and words, your of voice the heard Lord the And
day. by cloud a in and go, should ye way what by you shew to night, by fire in in, tents your pitch to place a out you search to you, before way the in went Who
God, your Lord the believe not did ye thing this in Yet
place. this into came ye until went, ye that way the all in son, his bear doth man a as thee, bare God thy Lord the that how seen hast thou where wilderness, the in And
eyes; your before Egypt in you for did he that all to according you, for fight shall he you, before goeth which God your Lord The
them. of afraid be neither not, Dread you, unto said I Then
there. Anakims the of sons the seen have we moreover and heaven; to up walled and great are cities the we; than taller and greater is people The saying, heart, our discouraged have brethren our up? go we shall Whither
us. destroy to Amorites, the of hand the into us deliver to Egypt, of land the of out forth us brought hath he us, hated Lord the Because said, and tents, your in murmured ye And
God: your Lord the of commandment the against rebelled but up, go not would ye Notwithstanding
us. give doth God our Lord the which land good a is It said, and again, word us brought and us, unto down it brought and hands, their in land the of fruit the of took they And
out. it searched and Eshcol, of valley the unto came and mountain, the into up went and turned they And
tribe: a of one you, of men twelve took I and well: me pleased saying the And
come. shall we cities what into and up, go must we way what by again word us bring and land, the out us search shall they and us, before men send will We said, and you, of one every me unto near came ye And
discouraged. be neither not, fear thee; unto said hath fathers thy of God Lord the as it, possess and up go thee: before land the set hath God thy Lord the Behold,
us. unto give doth God our Lord the which Amorites, the of mountain the unto come are Ye you, unto said I And
Kadeshbarnea. to came we and us; commanded God our Lord the as Amorites, the of mountain the of way the by saw ye which wilderness, terrible and great that all through went we Horeb, from departed we when And
do. should ye which things the all time that at you commanded I And
it. hear will I and me, unto it bring you, for hard too is that cause the and God's: is judgment the for man; of face the of afraid be not shall ye great; the as well as small the hear shall ye but judgment; in persons respect not shall Ye
him. with is that stranger the and brother, his and man every between righteously judge and brethren, your between causes the Hear saying, time, that at judges your charged I And
tribes. your among officers and tens, over captains and fifties, over captains and hundreds, over captains and thousands, over captains you, over heads them made and known, and men, wise tribes, your of chief the took I So
do. to us for good is spoken hast thou which thing The said, and me, answered ye And
you. over rulers them make will I and tribes, your among known and understanding, and men, wise you Take
strife? your and burden, your and cumbrance, your bear alone myself I can How
you!) promised hath he as you, bless and are, ye as more many so times thousand a you make fathers your of God Lord (The
multitude. for heaven of stars the as day this are ye behold, and, you, multiplied hath God your Lord The
alone: myself you bear to able not am I saying, time, that at you unto spake I And
them. after seed their to and them unto give to Jacob, and Isaac, Abraham, fathers, your unto sware Lord the which land the possess and in go you: before land the set have I Behold,
Euphrates. river the river, great the unto Lebanon, unto and Canaanites, the of land the to side, sea the by and south, the in and vale, the in and hills, the in plain, the in thereunto, nigh places the all unto and Amorites, the of mount the to go and journey, your take and you, Turn
mount: this in enough long dwelt have Ye saying, Horeb, in us unto spake God our Lord The
saying, law, this declare to Moses began Moab, of land the in Jordan, side this On
Edrei: in Astaroth at dwelt which Bashan, of king the Og and Heshbon, in dwelt which Amorites, the of king the Sihon slain had he After
them; unto commandment in him given had Lord the that all unto according Israel, of children the unto spake Moses that month, the of day first the on month, eleventh the in year, fortieth the in pass to came it And
Kadeshbarnea.) unto Seir mount of way the by Horeb from journey days' eleven are (There
Dizahab. and Hazeroth, and Laban, and Tophel, and Paran, between sea, Red the against over plain the in wilderness, the in Jordan side this on Israel all unto spake Moses which words the be These
Deuteronomy
Jericho. near Jordan by Moab of plains the in Israel of children the unto Moses of hand the by commanded Lord the which judgments, the and commandments the are These
father. their of family the of tribe the in remained inheritance their and Joseph, of son the Manasseh of sons the of families the into married were they And
sons: brothers' fathers their unto married were Zelophehad, of daughters the Noah, and Milcah, and Hoglah, and Tirzah, Mahlah, For
Zelophehad: of daughters the did so Moses, commanded Lord the as Even
inheritance. own his to himself keep shall Israel of children the of tribes the of one every but tribe; another to tribe one from remove inheritance the shall Neither
fathers. his of inheritance the man every enjoy may Israel of children the that father, her of tribe the of family the of one unto wife be shall Israel, of children the of tribe any in inheritance an possesseth that daughter, every And
fathers. his of tribe the of inheritance the to himself keep shall Israel of children the of one every for tribe: to tribe from remove Israel of children the of inheritance the not shall So
marry. they shall father their of tribe the of family the to only best; think they whom to marry them Let saying, Zelophehad, of daughters the concerning command doth Lord the which thing the is This
well. said hath Joseph of sons the of tribe The saying, , Lord the of word the to according Israel of children the commanded Moses And
fathers. our of tribe the of inheritance the from away taken be inheritance their shall so received: are they whereunto tribe the of inheritance the unto put be inheritance their shall then be, shall Israel of children the of jubile the when And
inheritance. our of lot the from taken be it shall so received: are they whereunto tribe the of inheritance the to put be shall and fathers, our of inheritance the from taken be inheritance their shall then Israel, of children the of tribes other the of sons the of any to married be they if And
daughters. his unto brother our Zelophehad of inheritance the give to Lord the by commanded was lord my and Israel: of children the to lot by inheritance an for land the give to lord my commanded Lord The said, they And
Israel: of children the of fathers chief the princes, the before and Moses, before spake and near, came Joseph, of sons the of families the of Manasseh, of son the Machir, of son the Gilead, of children the of families the of fathers chief the And
Israel. of children the among dwell Lord the I for dwell: I wherein inhabit, shall ye which land the therefore not Defile
it. shed that him of blood the by but therein, shed is that blood the of cleansed be cannot land the and land: the defileth it blood for are: ye wherein land the pollute not shall ye So
priest. the of death the until land, the in dwell to again come should he that refuge, his of city the to fled is that him for satisfaction no take shall ye And
death. to put surely be shall he but death: of guilty is which murderer, a of life the for satisfaction no take shall ye Moreover
die. to him cause to person any against testify not shall witness one but witnesses: of mouth the by death to put be shall murderer the person, any killeth Whoso
dwellings. your all in generations your throughout you unto judgment of statute a for be shall things these So
possession. his of land the into return shall slayer the priest high the of death the after but priest: high the of death the until refuge his of city the in remained have should he Because
blood: of guilty be not shall he slayer; the kill blood of revenger the and refuge, his of city the of borders the without him find blood of revenger the And
fled; was he whither refuge, his of city the of border the without come time any at shall slayer the if But
oil. holy the with anointed was which priest, high the of death the unto it in abide shall he and fled: was he whither refuge, his of city the to him restore shall congregation the and blood, of revenger the of hand the of out slayer the deliver shall congregation the And
judgments: these to according blood of revenger the and slayer the between judge shall congregation the Then
harm: his sought neither enemy, his not was and die, he that him, upon it cast and not, him seeing die, may man a wherewith stone, any with Or
wait, of laying without thing any him upon cast have or enmity, without suddenly him thrust he if But
him. meeteth he when murderer, the slay shall blood of revenger the murderer: a is he for death; to put be surely shall him smote that he die: he that hand, his with him smite enmity in Or
die; he that wait, of laying by him at hurl or hatred, of him thrust he if But
him. slay shall he him, meeteth he when murderer: the slay shall himself blood of revenger The
death. to put be surely shall murderer the murderer: a is he die, he and die, may he wherewith wood, of weapon hand an with him smite he if Or
death. to put be surely shall murderer the murderer: a is he die, he and die, may he wherewith stone, a throwing with him smite he if And
death. to put be surely shall murderer the murderer: a is he die, he that so iron, of instrument an with him smite he if And
thither. flee may unawares person any killeth that one every that them: among sojourner the for and stranger, the for and Israel, of children the for both refuge, a be shall cities six These
refuge. of cities be shall which Canaan, of land the in give ye shall cities three and Jordan, side this on cities three give shall Ye
refuge. for have ye shall cities six give shall ye which cities these of And
judgment. in congregation the before stand he until not, die manslayer the that avenger; the from refuge for cities you unto be shall they And
unawares. at person any killeth which thither, flee may slayer the that you; for refuge of cities be to cities you appoint shall ye Then
Canaan; of land the into Jordan over come be ye When them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
inheriteth. he which inheritance his to according Levites the unto cities his of give shall one every few: give shall ye few have that them from but many; give shall ye many have that them from Israel: of children the of possession the of be shall give shall ye which cities the And
suburbs. their with give ye shall them cities: eight and forty be shall Levites the to give shall ye which cities the all So
cities. two and forty add shall ye them to and thither: flee may he that manslayer, the for appoint shall ye which refuge, for cities six be shall there Levites the unto give shall ye which cities the among And
cities. the of suburbs the them to be shall this midst: the in be shall city the and cubits; thousand two side north the on and cubits, thousand two side west the on and cubits, thousand two side south the on and cubits, thousand two side east the on city the without from measure shall ye And
about. round cubits thousand a outward and city the of wall the from reach shall Levites, the unto give shall ye which cities, the of suburbs the And
beasts. their all for and goods, their for and cattle, their for be shall them of suburbs the and in; dwell to have they shall cities the And
them. about round cities the for suburbs Levites the unto also give shall ye and in; dwell to cities possession their of inheritance the of Levites the unto give they that Israel, of children the Command
saying, Jericho, near Jordan by Moab of plains the in Moses unto spake Lord the And
Canaan. of land the in Israel of children the unto inheritance the divide to commanded Lord the whom they are These
Ammihud. of son the Pedahel Naphtali, of children the of tribe the of prince the And
Shelomi. of son the Ahihud Asher, of children the of tribe the of prince the And
Azzan. of son the Paltiel Issachar, of children the of tribe the of prince the And
Parnach. of son the Elizaphan Zebulun, of children the of tribe the of prince the And
Shiphtan. of son the Kemuel Ephraim, of children the of tribe the of prince the And
Ephod. of son the Hanniel Manasseh, of children the of tribe the for Joseph, of children the of prince The
Jogli. of son the Bukki Dan, of children the of tribe the of prince the And
Chislon. of son the Elidad Benjamin, of tribe the Of
Ammihud. of son the Shemuel Simeon, of children the of tribe the of And
Jephunneh. of son the Caleb Judah, of tribe the Of these: are men the of names the And
inheritance. by land the divide to tribe, every of prince one take shall ye And
Nun. of son the Joshua and priest, the Eleazar you: unto land the divide shall which men the of names the are These
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
sunrising. the toward eastward, Jericho near Jordan side this on inheritance their received have tribe half the and tribes two The
inheritance: their received have Manasseh of tribe the half and inheritance; their received have fathers, their of house the to according Gad of children the of tribe the and fathers, their of house the to according Reuben of children the of tribe the For
tribe: half the to and tribes, nine the unto give to commanded Lord the which lot, by inherit shall ye which land the is This saying, Israel, of children the commanded Moses And
about. round thereof coasts the with land your be shall this sea: salt the at be shall it of out goings the and Jordan, to down go shall border the And
eastward: Chinnereth of sea the of side the unto reach shall and descend, shall border the and Ain; of side east the on Riblah, to Shepham from down go shall coast the And
Shepham: to Hazarenan from border east your out point shall ye And
border. north your be shall this Hazarenan: at be shall it of out goings the and Ziphron, to on go shall border the And
Zedad: to be shall border the of forth goings the and Hamath; of entrance the unto border your out point shall ye Hor mount From
Hor: mount you for out point shall ye sea great the from border: north your be shall this And
border. west your be shall this border: a for sea great the have even shall ye border, western the for as And
sea. the at be shall it of out goings the and Egypt, of river the unto Azmon from compass a fetch shall border the And
Azmon: to on pass and Hazaraddar, to on go shall and Kadeshbarnea, to south the from be shall thereof forth going the and Zin: to on pass and Akrabbim, of ascent the to south the from turn shall border your And
eastward: sea salt the of coast outmost the be shall border south your and Edom, of coast the by along Zin of wilderness the from be shall quarter south your Then
thereof:) coasts the with Canaan of land the even inheritance, an for you unto fall shall that land the is (this Canaan; of land the into come ye When them, unto say and Israel, of children the Command
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
them. unto do to thought I as you, unto do shall I that pass, to come shall it Moreover
dwell. ye wherein land the in you vex shall and sides, your in thorns and eyes, your in pricks be shall them of remain let ye which those that pass, to come shall it then you; before from land the of inhabitants the out drive not will ye if But
inherit. shall ye fathers your of tribes the to according falleth; lot his where place the in be shall inheritance man's every inheritance: less the give shall ye fewer the to and inheritance, more the give shall ye more the to and families: your among inheritance an for lot by land the divide shall ye And
it. possess to land the you given have I for therein: dwell and land, the of inhabitants the dispossess shall ye And
places: high their all down pluck quite and images, molten their all destroy and pictures, their all destroy and you, before from land the of inhabitants the all out drive shall ye Then
Canaan; of land the into Jordan over passed are ye When them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Jericho, near Jordan by Moab of plains the in Moses unto spake Lord the And
Moab. of plains the in Abelshittim unto even Bethjesimoth from Jordan, by pitched they And
Jericho. near Jordan by Moab of plains the in pitched and Abarim, of mountains the from departed they And
Nebo. before Abarim, of mountains the in pitched and Almondiblathaim, from removed they And
Almondiblathaim. in encamped and Dibongad, from removed they And
Dibongad. in pitched and Iim, from departed they And
Moab. of border the in Ijeabarim, in pitched and Oboth, from departed they And
Oboth. in pitched and Punon, from departed they And
Punon. in pitched and Zalmonah, from departed they And
Zalmonah. in pitched and Hor, mount from departed they And
Israel. of children the of coming the of heard Canaan, of land the in south the in dwelt which Canaanite, the Arad king And
Hor. mount in died he when old years three and twenty and hundred an was Aaron And
month. fifth the of day first the in Egypt, of land the of out come were Israel of children the after year fortieth the in there, died and , Lord the of commandment the at Hor mount into up went priest the Aaron And
Edom. of land the of edge the in Hor, mount in pitched and Kadesh, from removed they And
Kadesh. is which Zin, of wilderness the in pitched and Eziongaber, from removed they And
Eziongaber. at encamped and Ebronah, from departed they And
Ebronah. at encamped and Jotbathah, from removed they And
Jotbathah. in pitched and Horhagidgad, from went they And
Horhagidgad. at encamped and Benejaakan, from removed they And
Benejaakan. in pitched and Moseroth, from departed they And
Moseroth. at encamped and Hashmonah, from departed they And
Hashmonah. in pitched and Mithcah, from went they And
Mithcah. in pitched and Tarah, from removed they And
Tarah. at pitched and Tahath, from departed they And
Tahath. at encamped and Makheloth, from removed they And
Makheloth. in pitched and Haradah, from removed they And
Haradah. in encamped and Shapher, mount from removed they And
Shapher. mount in pitched and Kehelathah, from went they And
Kehelathah. in pitched and Rissah, from journeyed they And
Rissah. at pitched and Libnah, from removed they And
Libnah. in pitched and Rimmonparez, from departed they And
Rimmonparez. at pitched and Rithmah, from departed they And
Rithmah. in pitched and Hazeroth, from departed they And
Hazeroth. at encamped and Kibrothhattaavah, from departed they And
Kibrothhattaavah. at pitched and Sinai, of desert the from removed they And
Sinai. of wilderness the in pitched and Rephidim, from departed they And
drink. to people the for water no was where Rephidim, at encamped and Alush, from removed they And
Alush. in encamped and Dophkah, from departed they And
Dophkah. in encamped and Sin, of wilderness the of out journey their took they And
Sin. of wilderness the in encamped and sea, Red the from removed they And
sea. Red the by encamped and Elim, from removed they And
there. pitched they and trees; palm ten and threescore and water, of fountains twelve were Elim in and Elim: unto came and Marah, from removed they And
Marah. in pitched and Etham, of wilderness the in days'journey three went and wilderness, the into sea the of midst the through passed and Pihahiroth, before from departed they And
Migdol. before pitched they and Baalzephon: before is which Pihahiroth, unto again turned and Etham, from removed they And
wilderness. the of edge the in is which Etham, in pitched and Succoth, from departed they And
Succoth. in pitched and Rameses, from removed Israel of children the And
judgments. executed Lord the also gods their upon them: among smitten had Lord the which firstborn, their all buried Egyptians the For
Egyptians. the all of sight the in hand high an with out went Israel of children the passover the after morrow the on month; first the of day fifteenth the on month, first the in Rameses from departed they And
out. goings their to according journeys their are these and : Lord the of commandment the by journeys their to according out goings their wrote Moses And
Aaron. and Moses of hand the under armies their with Egypt of land the of out forth went which Israel, of children the of journeys the are These
name. own his after Nobah, it called and thereof, villages the and Kenath, took and went Nobah And
Havothjair. them called and thereof, towns small the took and went Manasseh of son the Jair And
therein. dwelt he and Manasseh; of son the Machir unto Gilead gave Moses And
it. in was which Amorite the dispossessed and it, took and Gilead, to went Manasseh of son the Machir of children the And
builded. they which cities the unto names other gave and Shibmah: and changed,) being names (their Baalmeon, and Nebo, And
Kirjathaim, and Elealeh, and Heshbon, built Reuben of children the And
sheep. for folds and cities: fenced Bethharan, and Bethnimrah, And
Jogbehah, and Jaazer, and Shophan, Atroth, And
Aroer, and Ataroth, and Dibon, built Gad of children the And
about. round country the of cities the even coasts, the in thereof cities the with land, the Bashan, of king Og of kingdom the and Amorites, the of king Sihon of kingdom the Joseph, of son the Manasseh of tribe the half unto and Reuben, of children the to and Gad, of children the to even them, unto gave Moses And
our's. be may Jordan side this on inheritance our of possession the that Canaan, of land the into Lord the before armed over pass will We
do. we will so servants, thy unto said hath Lord the As saying, answered, Reuben of children the and Gad of children the And
Canaan. of land the in you among possessions have shall they armed, you with over pass not will they if But
possession: a for Gilead of land the them give shall ye then you; before subdued be shall land the and , Lord the before battle, to armed man every Jordan, over you with pass will Reuben of children the and Gad of children the If them, unto said Moses And
Israel: of children the of tribes the of fathers chief the and Nun, of son the Joshua and priest, the Eleazar commanded Moses them concerning So
saith. lord my as battle, to Lord the before war, for armed man every over, pass will servants thy But
Gilead: of cities the in there be shall cattle, our all and flocks, our wives, our ones, little Our
commandeth. lord my as do will servants Thy saying, Moses, unto spake Reuben of children the and Gad of children the And
mouth. your of out proceeded hath which that do and sheep; your for folds and ones, little your for cities you Build
out. you find will sin your sure be and : Lord the against sinned have ye behold, so, do not will ye if But
. Lord the before possession your be shall land this and Israel; before and , Lord the before guiltless be and return, shall ye afterward then : Lord the before subdued be land the And
him, before from enemies his out driven hath he until , Lord the before Jordan over armed you of all go will And
war, to Lord the before armed go will ye if thing, this do will ye If them, unto said Moses And
eastward. Jordan side this on us to fallen is inheritance our because forward; or Jordan, side yonder on them with inherit not will we For
inheritance. his man every inherited have Israel of children the until houses, our unto return not will We
land. the of inhabitants the of because cities fenced the in dwell shall ones little our and place: their unto them brought have we until Israel, of children the before armed ready go will ourselves we But
ones: little our for cities and cattle, our for here sheepfolds build will We said, and him, unto near came they And
people. this all destroy shall ye and wilderness; the in them leave again yet will he him, after from away turn ye if For
Israel. toward Lord the of anger fierce the yet augment to men, sinful of increase an stead, fathers' your in up risen are ye behold, And,
consumed. was , Lord the of sight the in evil done had that generation, the all until years, forty wilderness the in wander them made he and Israel, against kindled was anger 'S Lord the And
. Lord the followed wholly have they for Nun: of son the Joshua and Kenezite, the Jephunneh of son the Caleb Save
me: followed wholly not have they because Jacob; unto and Isaac, unto Abraham, unto sware I which land the see shall upward, and old years twenty from Egypt, of out up came that men the of none Surely
saying, sware, he and time, same the kindled was anger 'S Lord the And
them. given had Lord the which land the into go not should they that Israel, of children the of heart the discouraged they land, the saw and Eshcol, of valley the unto up went they when For
land. the see to Kadeshbarnea from them sent I when fathers, your did Thus
them? given hath Lord the which land the into over going from Israel of children the of heart the ye discourage wherefore And
here? sit ye shall and war, to go brethren your Shall Reuben, of children the to and Gad of children the unto said Moses And
Jordan. over not us bring and possession, a for servants thy unto given be land this let sight, thy in grace found have we if they, said Wherefore,
cattle: have servants thy and cattle, for land a is Israel, of congregation the before smote Lord the which country the Even
Beon, and Nebo, and Shebam, and Elealeh, and Heshbon, and Nimrah, and Jazer, and Dibon, and Ataroth,
saying, congregation, the of princes the unto and priest, the Eleazar to and Moses, unto spake and came Reuben of children the and Gad of children The
cattle; for place a was place the behold, that, Gilead, of land the and Jazer, of land the saw they when and cattle: of multitude great very a had Gad of children the and Reuben of children the Now
. Lord the before Israel of children the for memorial a for congregation, the of tabernacle the into it brought and hundreds, of and thousands of captains the of gold the took priest the Eleazar and Moses And
himself.) for man every spoil, taken had war of men the (For
shekels. fifty and hundred seven thousand sixteen was hundreds, of captains the of and thousands, of captains the of , Lord the to up offered they that offering the of gold the all And
jewels. wrought all even them, of gold the took priest the Eleazar and Moses And
. Lord the before souls our for atonement an make to tablets, and earrings, rings, bracelets, and chains, gold, of jewels of gotten, hath man every what , Lord the for oblation an brought therefore have We
us. of man one not lacketh there and charge, our under are which war of men the of sum the taken have servants Thy Moses, unto said they And
Moses: unto near came hundreds, of captains and thousands, of captains the host, the of thousands over were which officers the And
Moses. commanded Lord the as ; Lord the of tabernacle the of charge the kept which Levites, the unto them gave and beast, of and man of both fifty, of portion one took Moses half, Israel's of children the of Even
persons;) thousand sixteen And
hundred, five and asses thousand thirty And
beeves, thousand six and thirty And
sheep, hundred five and thousand seven and thousand thirty and thousand hundred three was congregation the unto pertained that half the (Now
warred, that men the from divided Moses which half, Israel's of children the of And
Moses. commanded Lord the as priest, the Eleazar unto offering, heave 'S Lord the was which tribute, the gave Moses And
persons. two and thirty was tribute 'S Lord the which of thousand; sixteen were persons the And
one. and threescore was tribute 'S Lord the which of hundred; five and thousand thirty were asses the And
twelve. and threescore was tribute 'S Lord the which of thousand; six and thirty were beeves the And
fifteen. and threescore and hundred six was sheep the of tribute 'S Lord the And
sheep: hundred five and thousand thirty and seven and thousand hundred three number in was war, to out went that them of portion the was which half, the And
him. with lying by man known not had that women of all, in persons thousand two and thirty And
asses, thousand one and threescore And
beeves, thousand twelve and threescore And
sheep, thousand five and thousand seventy and thousand hundred six was caught, had war of men the which prey the of rest the being booty, the And
Moses. commanded Lord the as did priest the Eleazar and Moses And
. Lord the of tabernacle the of charge the keep which Levites, the unto them give and beasts, of manner all of flocks, the of and asses, the of beeves, the of persons, the of fifty, of portion one take shalt thou half, Israel's of children the of And
. Lord the of offering heave an for priest, the Eleazar unto it give and half, their of it Take
sheep: the of and asses, the of and beeves, the of and persons, the of both hundred, five of soul one battle: to out went which war of men the of Lord the unto tribute a levy And
congregation: the all between and battle, to out went who them, upon war the took that them between parts; two into prey the divide And
congregation: the of fathers chief the and priest, the Eleazar and thou, beast, of and man of both taken, was that prey the of sum the Take
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
camp. the into come shall ye afterward and clean, be shall ye and day, seventh the on clothes your wash shall ye And
water. the through go make shall ye fire the not abideth that all and separation: of water the with purified be shall it nevertheless clean: be shall it and fire, the through go it make shall ye fire, the abide may that thing Every
lead, the and tin, the iron, the brass, the silver, the and gold, the Only
Moses; commanded Lord the which law the of ordinance the is This battle, the to went which war of men the unto said priest the Eleazar And
wood. of made things all and hair, goats' of work all and skins, of made is that all and raiment, your all purify And
day. seventh the on and day, third the on captives your and yourselves both purify slain, any touched hath whosoever and person, any killed hath whosoever days: seven camp the without abide ye do And
yourselves. for alive keep him, with lying by man a known not have that children, women the all But
him. with lying by man known hath that woman every kill and ones, little the among male every kill therefore Now
. Lord the of congregation the among plague a was there and Peor, of matter the in Lord the against trespass commit to Balaam, of counsel the through Israel, of children the caused these Behold,
alive? women the all saved ye Have them, unto said Moses And
battle. the from came which hundreds, over captains and thousands, over captains the with host, the of officers the with wroth was Moses And
camp. the without them meet to forth went congregation, the of princes the all and priest, the Eleazar and Moses, And
Jericho. near Jordan by are which Moab, of plains the at camp the unto Israel, of children the of congregation the unto and priest, the Eleazar and Moses, unto spoil, the and prey, the and captives, the brought they And
beasts. of and men of both prey, the all and spoil, the all took they And
fire. with castles, goodly their all and dwelt, they wherein cities their all burnt they And
goods. their all and flocks, their all and cattle, their all of spoil the took and ones, little their and captives, Midian of women the all took Israel of children the And
sword. the with slew they Beor of son the also Balaam Midian: of kings five Reba, and Hur, and Zur, and Rekem, and Evi, namely, slain; were that them of rest the beside Midian, of kings the slew they And
males. the all slew they and Moses; commanded Lord the as Midianites, the against warred they And
hand. his in blow to trumpets the and instruments, holy the with war, the to priest, the Eleazar of son the Phinehas and them tribe, every of thousand a war, the to them sent Moses And
war. for armed thousand twelve tribe, every of thousand a Israel, of thousands the of out delivered were there So
war. the to send ye shall Israel, of tribes the all throughout thousand, a tribe every Of
Midian. of Lord the avenge and Midianites, the against go them let and war, the unto yourselves of some Arm saying, people, the unto spake Moses And
people. thy unto gathered be thou shalt afterward Midianites: the of Israel of children the Avenge
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
house. father's her in youth her in yet being daughter, his and father the between wife, his and man a between Moses, commanded Lord the which statutes, the are These
iniquity. her bear shall he then them; heard hath he that after void them make ways any shall he if But
them. heard he that day the in her at peace his held he because them, confirmeth he her: upon are which bonds, her all or vows, her all establisheth he then day; to day from her at peace his hold altogether husband her if But
void. it make may husband her or it, establish may husband her soul, the afflict to oath binding every and vow, Every
her. forgive shall Lord the and void; them made hath husband her stand: not shall soul, her of bond the concerning or vows, her concerning lips her of out proceeded whatsoever then them; heard he day the on void them made utterly hath husband her if But
stand. shall soul her bound she wherewith bond every and stand, shall vows her all then not: her disallowed and her, at peace his held and it, heard husband her And
oath; an with bond a by soul her bound or house, husband's her in vowed she if And
her. against stand shall souls, their bound have they wherewith divorced, is that her of and widow, a of vow every But
her. forgive shall Lord the and effect: none of soul, her bound she wherewith lips, her with uttered she which that and vowed, she which vow her make shall he then it; heard he that day the on her disallowed husband her if But
stand. shall soul her bound she wherewith bonds her and stand, shall vows her then it: heard he that day the in her at peace his held and it, heard husband her And
soul; her bound she wherewith lips, her of out ought uttered or vowed, she when husband, an all at had she if And
her. disallowed father her because her, forgive shall Lord the and stand: shall soul, her bound hath she wherewith bonds her of or vows, her of any not heareth; he that day the in her disallow father her if But
stand. shall soul her bound hath she wherewith bond every and stand, shall vows her all then her; at peace his hold shall father her and soul, her bound hath she wherewith bond her and vow, her hear father her And
youth; her in house father's her in being bond, a by herself bind and , Lord the unto vow a vow also woman a If
mouth. his of out proceedeth that all to according do shall he word, his break not shall he bond; a with soul his bind to oath an swear or , Lord the unto vow a vow man a If
commanded. hath Lord the which thing the is This saying, Israel, of children the concerning tribes the of heads the unto spake Moses And
Moses. commanded Lord the that all to according Israel of children the told Moses And
offerings. peace your for and offerings, drink your for and offerings, meat your for and offerings, burnt your for offerings, freewill your and vows, your beside feasts, set your in Lord the unto do shall ye things These
offering. drink his and offering, meat his and offering, burnt continual the beside offering; sin a for goat one And
manner: the after number, their to according be shall lambs, the for and ram, the for bullock, the for offerings drink their and offering meat Their
blemish: without year first the of lambs seven ram, one bullock, one : Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made sacrifice a offering, burnt a offer shall ye But
therein: work servile no do shall ye assembly: solemn a have shall ye day eighth the On
offering. drink his and offering, meat his offering, burnt continual the beside offering; sin a for goat one And
manner: the after number, their to according be shall lambs, the for and rams, the for bullocks, the for offerings drink their and offering meat their And
blemish: without year first the of lambs fourteen and rams, two bullocks, seven day seventh the on And
offering. drink his and offering, meat his offering, burnt continual the beside offering; sin a for goat one And
manner: the after number, their to according be shall lambs, the for and rams, the for bullocks, the for offerings drink their and offering meat their And
blemish: without year first the of lambs fourteen and rams, two bullocks, eight day sixth the on And
offering. drink his and offering, meat his and offering, burnt continual the beside offering; sin a for goat one And
manner: the after number, their to according be shall lambs, the for and rams, the for bullocks, the for offerings drink their and offering meat their And
spot: without year first the of lambs fourteen and rams, two bullocks, nine day fifth the on And
offering. drink his and offering, meat his offering, burnt continual the beside offering; sin a for goats the of kid one And
manner: the after number, their to according be shall lambs, the for and rams, the for bullocks, the for offerings drink their and offering meat Their
blemish: without year first the of lambs fourteen and rams, two bullocks, ten day fourth the on And
offering. drink his and offering, meat his and offering, burnt continual the beside offering; sin a for goat one And
manner: the after number, their to according be shall lambs, the for and rams, the for bullocks, the for offerings drink their and offering meat their And
blemish; without year first the of lambs fourteen rams, two bullocks, eleven day third the on And
offerings. drink their and thereof, offering meat the and offering, burnt continual the beside offering; sin a for goats the of kid one And
manner: the after number, their to according be shall lambs, the for and rams, the for bullocks, the for offerings drink their and offering meat their And
spot: without year first the of lambs fourteen rams, two bullocks, young twelve offer shall ye day second the on And
offering. drink his and offering, meat his offering, burnt continual the beside offering; sin a for goats the of kid one And
lambs: fourteen the of lamb each to deal tenth several a And
rams, two the of ram each to deals tenth two bullocks, thirteen the of bullock every unto deals tenth three oil, with mingled flour of be shall offering meat their And
blemish: without be shall they year; first the of lambs fourteen and rams, two bullocks, young thirteen ; Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made sacrifice a offering, burnt a offer shall ye And
days: seven Lord the unto feast a keep shall ye and work, servile no do shall ye convocation; holy an have shall ye month seventh the of day fifteenth the on And
offerings. drink their and it, of offering meat the and offering, burnt continual the and atonement, of offering sin the beside offering; sin a for goats the of kid One
lambs: seven the throughout lamb, one for deal tenth several A
ram, one to deals tenth two and bullock, a to deals tenth three oil, with mingled flour of be shall offering meat their And
blemish: without you unto be shall they year; first the of lambs seven and ram, one bullock, young one savour; sweet a for Lord the unto offering burnt a offer shall ye But
therein: work any do not shall ye souls: your afflict shall ye and convocation; holy an month seventh this of day tenth the on have shall ye And
. Lord the unto fire by made sacrifice a savour, sweet a for manner, their unto according offerings, drink their and offering, meat his and offering, burnt daily the and offering, meat his and month, the of offering burnt the Beside
you: for atonement an make to offering, sin a for goats the of kid one And
lambs: seven the throughout lamb, one for deal tenth one And
ram, a for deals tenth two and bullock, a for deals tenth three oil, with mingled flour of be shall offering meat their And
blemish: without year first the of lambs seven and ram, one bullock, young one ; Lord the unto savour sweet a for offering burnt a offer shall ye And
you. unto trumpets the blowing of day a is it work: servile no do shall ye convocation; holy an have shall ye month, the of day first the on month, seventh the in And
offerings. drink their and blemish) without you unto be shall (they offering, meat his and offering, burnt continual the beside them offer shall Ye
you. for atonement an make to goats, the of kid one And
lambs; seven the throughout lamb, one unto deal tenth several A
ram, one unto deals tenth two bullock, one unto deals tenth three oil, with mingled flour of offering meat their And
year; first the of lambs seven ram, one bullocks, young two ; Lord the unto savour sweet a for offering burnt the offer shall ye But
work: servile no do shall ye convocation; holy an have shall ye out, be weeks your after , Lord the unto offering meat new a bring ye when firstfruits, the of day the in Also
work. servile no do shall ye convocation; holy an have shall ye day seventh the on And
offering. drink his and offering, burnt continual the beside offered be shall it : Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made sacrifice the of meat the days, seven the throughout daily, offer shall ye manner this After
offering. burnt continual a for is which morning, the in offering burnt the beside these offer shall Ye
you. for atonement an make to offering, sin a for goat one And
lambs: seven the throughout lamb, every for offer thou shalt deal tenth several A
ram; a for deals tenth two and bullock, a for offer ye shall deals tenth three oil: with mingled flour of be shall offering meat their And
blemish: without you unto be shall they year: first the of lambs seven and ram, one and bullocks, young two ; Lord the unto offering burnt a for fire by made sacrifice a offer shall ye But
therein: work servile of manner no do shall ye convocation; holy an be shall day first the In
eaten. be bread unleavened shall days seven feast: the is month this of day fifteenth the in And
. Lord the of passover the is month first the of day fourteenth the in And
offering. drink his and offering, burnt continual the beside offered, be shall Lord the unto offering sin a for goats the of kid one And
year. the of months the throughout month every of offering burnt the is this lamb: a unto hin an of part fourth a and ram, a unto hin an of part third the and bullock, a unto wine of hin an half be shall offerings drink their And
. Lord the unto fire by made sacrifice a savour, sweet a of offering burnt a for lamb; one unto offering meat a for oil with mingled flour of deal tenth several a And
ram; one for oil, with mingled offering, meat a for flour of deals tenth two and bullock; one for oil, with mingled offering, meat a for flour of deals tenth three And
spot; without year first the of lambs seven ram, one and bullocks, young two ; Lord the unto offering burnt a offer shall ye months your of beginnings the in And
offering. drink his and offering, burnt continual the beside sabbath, every of offering burnt the is This
thereof: offering drink the and oil, with mingled offering, meat a for flour of deals tenth two and spot, without year first the of lambs two day sabbath the on And
. Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made sacrifice a it, offer shalt thou thereof, offering drink the as and morning, the of offering meat the as even: at offer thou shalt lamb other the And
offering. drink a for Lord the unto poured be to wine strong the cause thou shalt place holy the in lamb: one the for hin an of part fourth the be shall thereof offering drink the And
. Lord the unto fire by made sacrifice a savour, sweet a for Sinai mount in ordained was which offering, burnt continual a is It
oil. beaten of hin an of part fourth the with mingled offering, meat a for flour of ephah an of part tenth a And
even; at offer thou shalt lamb other the and morning, the in offer thou shalt lamb one The
offering. burnt continual a for day, by day spot without year first the of lambs two ; Lord the unto offer shall ye which fire by made offering the is This them, unto say shalt thou And
season. due their in me unto offer to observe ye shall me, unto savour sweet a for fire, by made sacrifices my for bread my and offering, My them, unto say and Israel, of children the Command
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
Moses. of hand the by commanded Lord the as charge, a him gave and him, upon hands his laid he And
congregation: the all before and priest, the Eleazar before him set and Joshua, took he and him: commanded Lord the as did Moses And
congregation. the all even him, with Israel of children the all and he, both in, come shall they word his at and out, go they shall word his at : Lord the before Urim of judgment the after him for counsel ask shall who priest, the Eleazar before stand shall he And
obedient. be may Israel of children the of congregation the all that him, upon honour thine of some put shalt thou And
sight. their in charge a him give and congregation; the all before and priest, the Eleazar before him set And
him; upon hand thine lay and spirit, the is whom in man a Nun, of son the Joshua thee Take Moses, unto said Lord the And
shepherd. no have which sheep as not be Lord the of congregation the that in; them bring may which and out, them lead may which and them, before in go may which and them, before out go may Which
congregation, the over man a set flesh, all of spirits the of God the , Lord the Let
saying, , Lord the unto spake Moses And
Zin. of wilderness the in Kadesh in Meribah of water the is that eyes: their before water the at me sanctify to congregation, the of strife the in Zin, of desert the in commandment my against rebelled ye For
gathered. was brother thy Aaron as people, thy unto gathered be shalt also thou it, seen hast thou when And
Israel. of children the unto given have I which land the see and Abarim, mount this into up thee Get Moses, unto said Lord the And
Moses. commanded Lord the as judgment, of statute a Israel of children the unto be shall it and it: possess shall he and family, his of him to next is that kinsman his unto inheritance his give shall ye then brethren, no have father his if And
brethren. father's his unto inheritance his give shall ye then brethren, no have he if And
brethren. his unto inheritance his give shall ye then daughter, no have he if And
daughter. his unto pass to inheritance his cause shall ye then son, no have and die, man a If saying, Israel, of children the unto speak shalt thou And
them. unto pass to father their of inheritance the cause shalt thou and brethren; father's their among inheritance an of possession a them give surely shalt thou right: speak Zelophehad of daughters The
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
. Lord the before cause their brought Moses And
father. our of brethren the among possession a therefore us unto Give son? no hath he because family, his among from away done be father our of name the should Why
sons. no had and sin, own his in died but Korah; of company the in Lord the against together themselves gathered that them of company the in not was he and wilderness, the in died father Our
saying, congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the by congregation, the all and princes the before and priest, the Eleazar before and Moses, before stood they And
Tirzah. and Milcah, and Hoglah, and Noah, Mahlah, daughters; his of names the are these and Joseph: of son the Manasseh of families the of Manasseh, of son the Machir, of son the Gilead, of son the Hepher, of son the Zelophehad, of daughters the came Then
Nun. of son the Joshua and Jephunneh, of son the Caleb save them, of man a left not was there And wilderness. the in die surely shall They them, of said had Lord the For
Sinai. of wilderness the in Israel of children the numbered they when numbered, priest the Aaron and Moses whom them of man a not was there these among But
Jericho. near Jordan by Moab of plains the in Israel of children the numbered who priest, the Eleazar and Moses by numbered were that they are These
Israel. of children the among them given inheritance no was there because Israel, of children the among numbered not were they for upward: and old month a from males all thousand, three and twenty were them of numbered were that those And
. Lord the before fire strange offered they when died, Abihu and Nadab And
Ithamar. and Eleazar, Abihu, and Nadab, born was Aaron unto And
sister. their Miriam and Moses, and Aaron Amram unto bare she and Egypt: in Levi to bare mother her whom Levi, of daughter the Jochebed, was wife Amram's of name the And
Amram. begat Kohath And Korathites. the of family the Mushites, the of family the Mahlites, the of family the Hebronites, the of family the Libnites, the of family the Levites: the of families the are These
Merarites. the of family the Merari, of Kohathites: the of family the Kohath, of Gershonites: the of family the Gershon, of families: their after Levites the of numbered were that they are these And
few. and many between divided be thereof possession the shall lot the to According
inherit. shall they fathers their of tribes the of names the to according lot: by divided be shall land the Notwithstanding
him. of numbered were that those to according given be inheritance his shall one every to inheritance: less the give shalt thou few to and inheritance, more the give shalt thou many To
names. of number the to according inheritance an for divided be shall land the these Unto
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
thirty. and hundred seven thousand a and thousand hundred six Israel, of children the of numbered the were These
hundred. four and thousand five and forty were them of numbered were that they and families: their to according Naphtali of families the are These
Shillemites. the of family the Shillem, of Jezerites: the of family the Jezer, Of
Gunites: the of family the Guni, of Jahzeelites: the of family the Jahzeel, of families: their after Naphtali of sons the Of
hundred. four and thousand three and fifty were who them; of numbered were that those to according Asher of sons the of families the are These
Sarah. was Asher of daughter the of name the And
Malchielites. the of family the Malchiel, of Heberites: the of family the Heber, of Beriah: of sons the Of
Beriites. the of family the Beriah, of Jesuites: the of family the Jesui, of Jimnites: the of family the Jimna, of families: their after Asher of children the Of
hundred. four and thousand four and threescore were them, of numbered were that those to according Shuhamites, the of families the All
families. their after Dan of families the are These Shuhamites. the of family the Shuham, of families: their after Dan of sons the are These
hundred. six and thousand five and forty were them of numbered were that they and families: their after Benjamin of sons the are These
Naamites. the of family the Naaman, of and Ardites: the of family the Ard, of Naaman: and ard were Bela of sons the And
Huphamites. the of family the Hupham, of Shuphamites: the of family the Shupham, Of
Ahiramites: the of family the Ahiram, of Ashbelites: the of family the Ashbel, of Belaites: the of family the Bela, of families: their after Benjamin of sons The
families. their after Joseph of sons the are These hundred. five and thousand two and thirty them, of numbered were that those to according Ephraim of sons the of families the are These
Eranites. the of family the Eran, of Shuthelah: of sons the are these And
Tahanites. the of family the Tahan, of Bachrites: the of family the Becher, of Shuthalhites: the of family the Shuthelah, of families: their after Ephraim of sons the are These
hundred. seven and thousand two and fifty them, of numbered were that those and Manasseh, of families the are These
Tirzah. and Milcah, Hoglah, Noah, and Mahlah, were Zelophehad of daughters the of names the and daughters: but sons, no had Hepher of son the Zelophehad And
Hepherites. the of family the Hepher, of and Shemidaites: the of family the Shemida, of And
Shechemites: the of family the Shechem, of and Asrielites: the of family the Asriel, of And
Helekites: the of family the Helek, of Jeezerites: the of family the Jeezer, of Gilead: of sons the are These
Gileadites. the of family the come Gilead of Gilead: begat Machir and Machirites: the of family the Machir, of Manasseh: of sons the Of
Ephraim. and Manasseh were families their after Joseph of sons The
hundred. five and thousand threescore them, of numbered were that those to according Zebulunites the of families the are These
Jahleelites. the of family the Jahleel, of Elonites: the of family the Elon, of Sardites: the of family the Sered, of families: their after Zebulun of sons the Of
hundred. three and thousand four and threescore them, of numbered were that those to according Issachar of families the are These
Shimronites. the of family the Shimron, of Jashubites: the of family the Jashub, Of
Punites: the of family the Pua, of Tolaites: the of family the Tola, of families: their after Issachar of sons the Of
hundred. five and thousand sixteen and threescore them, of numbered were that those to according Judah of families the are These
Hamulites. the of family the Hamul, of Hezronites: the of family the Hezron, of were; Pharez of sons the And
Zarhites. the of family the Zerah, of Pharzites: the of family the Pharez, of Shelanites: the of family the Shelah, of were; families their after Judah of sons the And
Canaan. of land the in died Onan and Er and Onan: and Er were Judah of sons The
hundred. five and thousand forty them, of numbered were that those to according Gad of children the of families the are These
Arelites. the of family the Areli, of Arodites: the of family the Arod, Of
Erites: the of family the Eri, of Oznites: the of family the Ozni, Of
Shunites: the of family the Shuni, of Haggites: the of family the Haggi, of Zephonites: the of family the Zephon, of families: their after Gad of children The
hundred. two and thousand two and twenty Simeonites, the of families the are These
Shaulites. the of family the Shaul, of Zarhites: the of family the Zerah, Of
Jachinites: the of family the Jachin, of Jaminites: the of family the Jamin, of Nemuelites: the of family the Nemuel, of families: their after Simeon of sons The
not. died Korah of children the Notwithstanding
sign. a became they and men: fifty and hundred two devoured fire the time what died, company that when Korah, with together up them swallowed and mouth, her opened earth the And
: Lord the against strove they when Korah, of company the in Aaron against and Moses against strove who congregation, the in famous were which Abiram, and Dathan that is This Abiram. and Dathan, and Nemuel, Eliab; of sons the And
Eliab. Pallu; of sons the And
thirty. and hundred seven and thousand three and forty were them of numbered were that they and Reubenites: the of families the are These
Carmites. the of family the Carmi, of Hezronites: the of family the Hezron, Of
Palluites: the of family the Pallu, of Hanochites: the of family the cometh whom of Hanoch, Reuben; of children the Israel: of son eldest the Reuben,
Egypt. of land the of out forth went which Israel, of children the and Moses commanded Lord the as upward; and old years twenty from people, the of sum the Take
saying, Jericho, near Jordan by Moab of plains the in them with spake priest the Eleazar and Moses And
Israel. in war to go to able are that all house, fathers' their throughout upward, and old years twenty from Israel, of children the of congregation the all of sum the Take
saying, priest, the Aaron of son the Eleazar unto and Moses unto spake Lord the that plague, the after pass to came it And
sake. Peor's for plague the of day the in slain was which sister, their Midian, of prince a of daughter the Cozbi, of matter the in and Peor, of matter the in you beguiled have they wherewith wiles, their with you vex they For
them: smite and Midianites, the Vex
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
Midian. in house chief a of and people, a over head was he Zur; of daughter the Cozbi, was slain was that woman Midianitish the of name the And
Simeonites. the among house chief a of prince a Salu, of son the Zimri, was woman, Midianitish the with slain was that even slain, was that Israelite the of name the Now
Israel. of children the for atonement an made and God, his for zealous was he because priesthood; everlasting an of covenant the even him, after seed his and it, have shall he And
peace: of covenant my him unto give I Behold, say, Wherefore
jealousy. my in Israel of children the not consumed I that them, among sake my for zealous was he while Israel, of children the from away wrath my turned hath priest, the Aaron of son the Eleazar, of son the Phinehas,
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
thousand. four and twenty were plague the in died that those And
Israel. of children the from stayed was plague the So belly. her through woman the and Israel, of man the through, them of both thrust and tent, the into Israel of man the after went he And
hand; his in javelin a took and congregation, the among from up rose he it, saw priest, the Aaron of son the Eleazar, of son the Phinehas, when And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the before weeping were who Israel, of children the of congregation the all of sight the in and Moses, of sight the in woman Midianitish a brethren his unto brought and came Israel of children the of one behold, And,
Baalpeor. unto joined were that men his one every ye Slay Israel, of judges the unto said Moses And
Israel. from away turned be may Lord the of anger fierce the that sun, the against Lord the before up them hang and people, the of heads the all Take Moses, unto said Lord the And
Israel. against kindled was Lord the of anger the and Baalpeor: unto himself joined Israel And
gods. their to down bowed and eat, did people the and gods: their of sacrifices the unto people the called they And
Moab. of daughters the with whoredom commit to began people the and Shittim, in abode Israel And
way. his went also Balak and place: his to returned and went and up, rose Balaam And
ever. for perish shall also he and Eber, afflict shall and Asshur, afflict shall and Chittim, of coast the from come shall ships And
this! doeth God when live shall who Alas, said, and parable, his up took he And
captive. away thee carry shall Asshur until wasted, be shall Kenite the Nevertheless
rock. a in nest thy puttest thou and dwellingplace, thy is Strong said, and parable, his up took and Kenites, the on looked he And
ever. for perish he that be shall end latter his but nations; the of first the was Amalek said, and parable, his up took he Amalek, on looked he when And
city. the of remaineth that him destroy shall and dominion, have shall that he come shall Jacob of Out
valiantly. do shall Israel and enemies; his for possession a be shall also Seir possession, a be shall Edom And
Sheth. of children the all destroy and Moab, of corners the smite shall and Israel, of out rise shall Sceptre a and Jacob, of out Star a come shall there nigh: not but him, behold shall I now: not but him, see shall I
open: eyes his having but trance, a into falling Almighty, the of vision the saw which High, most the of knowledge the knew and God, of words the heard which said, hath He
said: hath open are eyes whose man the and said, hath Beor of son the Balaam said, and parable, his up took he And
days. latter the in people thy to do shall people this what thee advertise will I and therefore, come people: my unto go I behold, now, And
speak? I will that saith, Lord the what but mind; own mine of bad or good either do to , Lord the of commandment the beyond go cannot I gold, and silver of full house his me give would Balak If
saying, me, unto sentest thou which messengers thy to also not I Spake Balak, unto said Balaam And
honour. from back thee kept hath Lord the lo, but, honour; great unto thee promote to thought I place: thy to thou flee now Therefore
times. three these them blessed altogether hast thou behold, and, enemies, mine curse to thee called I Balaam, unto said Balak and together: hands his smote he and Balaam, against kindled was anger Balak's And
thee. curseth that he is cursed and thee, blesseth that he is Blessed up? him stir shall who lion: great a as and lion, a as down lay he couched, He
arrows. his with through them pierce and bones, their break shall and enemies, his nations the up eat shall he unicorn: an of strength the were it as hath he Egypt; of out forth him brought God
exalted. be shall kingdom his and Agag, than higher be shall king his and waters, many in be shall seed his and buckets, his of out water the pour shall He
waters. the beside trees cedar as and planted, hath Lord the which aloes lign of trees the as side, river's the by gardens as forth, spread they are valleys the As
Israel! O tabernacles, thy and Jacob, O tents, thy are goodly How
open: eyes his having but trance, a into falling Almighty, the of vision the saw which God, of words the heard which said, hath He
said: hath open are eyes whose man the and said, hath Beor of son the Balaam said, and parable, his up took he And
him. upon came God of spirit the and tribes; their to according tents his in abiding Israel saw he and eyes, his up lifted Balaam And
wilderness. the toward face his set he but enchantments, for seek to times, other at as not, went he Israel, bless to Lord the pleased it that saw Balaam when And
altar. every on ram a and bullock a offered and said, had Balaam as did Balak And
rams. seven and bullocks seven here me prepare and altars, seven here me Build Balak, unto said Balaam And
jeshimon. toward looketh that Peor, of top the unto Balaam brought Balak And
thence. from them me curse mayest thou that God please will it peradventure place; another unto thee bring will I thee, pray I Come, Balaam, unto said Balak And
do? must I that speaketh, Lord the that All saying, thee, I not Told Balak, unto said and answered Balaam But
all. at them bless nor all, at them curse Neither Balaam, unto said Balak And
slain. the of blood the drink and prey, the of eat he until down lie not shall he lion: young a as himself up lift and lion, great a as up rise shall people the Behold,
wrought! God hath What Israel, of and Jacob of said be shall it time this to according Israel: against divination any there is neither Jacob, against enchantment no is there Surely
unicorn. an of strength the were it as hath he Egypt; of out them brought God
them. among is king a of shout the and him, with is God his Lord the Israel: in perverseness seen he hath neither Jacob, in iniquity beheld not hath He
it. reverse cannot I and blessed; hath he and bless: to commandment received have I Behold,
good? it make not he shall and spoken, he hath or it? do not he shall and said, he hath repent: should he that man, of son the neither lie; should he that man, a not is God
Zippor: of son thou me, unto hearken hear; and Balak, up, Rise said, and parable, his up took he And
spoken? Lord the hath What him, unto said Balak And him. with Moab of princes the and offering, burnt his by stood he behold, him, to came he when And
thus. say and Balak, unto again Go said, and mouth, his in word a put and Balaam, met Lord the And
yonder. Lord the meet I while offering, burnt thy by here Stand Balak, unto said he And
altar. every on ram a and bullock a offered and altars, seven built and Pisgah, of top the to Zophim, of field the into him brought he And
thence. from them me curse and all: them see not shalt and them, of part utmost the but see shalt thou them: see mayest thou whence from place, another unto me with thee, pray I Come, him, unto said Balak And
mouth? my in put hath Lord the which that speak to heed take not I Must said, and answered he And
altogether. them blessed hast thou behold, and, enemies, mine curse to thee took I me? unto done thou hast What Balaam, unto said Balak And
his! like be end last my let and righteous, the of death the die me Let Israel? of part fourth the of number the and Jacob, of dust the count can Who
nations. the among reckoned be not shall and alone, dwell shall people the lo, him: behold I hills the from and him, see I rocks the of top the from For
defied? not hath Lord the whom defy, I shall how or cursed? not hath God whom curse, I shall How
Israel. defy come, and Jacob, me curse Come, saying, east, the of mountains the of out Aram, from me brought hath Moab of king the Balak said, and parable, his up took he And
Moab. of princes the all and he, sacrifice, burnt his by stood he lo, and, him, unto returned he And
speak. shalt thou thus and Balak, unto Return said, and mouth, Balaam's in word a put Lord the And
ram. a and bullock a altar every upon offered have I and altars, seven prepared have I him, unto said he and Balaam: met God And
place. high an to went he And thee. tell will I me sheweth he whatsoever and me: meet to come will Lord the peradventure go: will I and offering, burnt thy by Stand Balak, unto said Balaam And
ram. a and bullock a altar every on offered Balaam and Balak and spoken; had Balaam as did Balak And
rams. seven and oxen seven here me prepare and altars, seven here me Build Balak, unto said Balaam And
people. the of part utmost the see might he thence that Baal, of places high the into up him brought and Balaam, took Balak that morrow, the on pass to came it And
him. with were that princes the to and Balaam, to sent and sheep, and oxen offered Balak And
Kirjathhuzoth. unto came they and Balak, with went Balaam And
speak. I shall that mouth, my in putteth God that word the thing? any say to all at power any now I have thee: unto come am I Lo, Balak, unto said Balaam And
honour? to thee promote to indeed able not I am me? unto not thou camest wherefore thee? call to thee unto send earnestly not I Did Balaam, unto said Balak And
coast. utmost the in is which Arnon, of border the in is which Moab, of city a unto him meet to out went he come, was Balaam that heard Balak when And
Balak. of princes the with went Balaam So speak. shalt thou that thee, unto speak shall I that word the only but men: the with Go Balaam, unto said Lord the of angel the And
again. back me get will I thee, displease it if therefore, now me: against way the in stoodest thou that not knew I for sinned; have I , Lord the of angel the unto said Balaam And
alive. her saved and thee, slain had I also now surely me, from turned had she unless times: three these me from turned and me, saw ass the And
me: before perverse is way thy because thee, withstand to out went I behold, times? three these ass thine smitten thou hast Wherefore him, unto said Lord the of angel the And
face. his on flat fell and head, his down bowed he and hand: his in drawn sword his and way, the in standing Lord the of angel the saw he and Balaam, of eyes the opened Lord the Then
Nay. said, he and thee? unto so do to wont ever I was day? this unto thine was I since ever ridden hast thou which upon ass, thine I not Am Balaam, unto said ass the And
thee. kill I would now for hand, mine in sword a were there would I me: mocked hast thou Because ass, the unto said Balaam And
times? three these me smitten hast thou that thee, unto done I have What Balaam, unto said she and ass, the of mouth the opened Lord the And
staff. a with ass the smote he and kindled, was anger Balaam's and Balaam: under down fell she , Lord the of angel the saw ass the when And
left. the to or hand right the to either turn to way no was where place, narrow a in stood and further, went Lord the of angel the And
again. her smote he and wall: the against foot Balaam's crushed and wall, the unto herself thrust she , Lord the of angel the saw ass the when And
side. that on wall a and side, this on being wall a vineyards, the of path a in stood Lord the of angel the But
way. the into her turn to ass, the smote Balaam and field: the into went and way, the of out aside turned ass the and hand: his in drawn sword his and way, the in standing Lord the of angel the saw ass the And
him. with were servants two his and ass, his upon riding was he Now him. against adversary an for way the in stood Lord the of angel the and went: he because kindled was anger God's And
Moab. of princes the with went and ass, his saddled and morning, the in up rose Balaam And
do. thou shalt that thee, unto say shall I which word the yet but them; with go and up, rise thee, call to come men the If him, unto said and night, at Balaam unto came God And
more. me unto say will Lord the what know may I that night, this here also ye tarry you, pray I therefore, Now
more. or less do to God, my Lord the of word the beyond go cannot I gold, and silver of full house his me give would Balak If Balak, of servants the unto said and answered Balaam And
people. this me curse thee, pray I therefore, come me: unto sayest thou whatsoever do will I and honour, great very unto thee promote will I For
me: unto coming from thee hinder thee, pray I nothing, Let Zippor, of son the Balak saith Thus him, to said and Balaam, to came they And
they. than honourable more and more, princes, again yet sent Balak And
us. with come to refuseth Balaam said, and Balak, unto went they and up, rose Moab of princes the And
you. with go to leave me give to refuseth Lord the for land: your into you Get Balak, of princes the unto said and morning, the in up rose Balaam And
blessed. are they for people: the curse not shalt thou them; with go not shalt Thou Balaam, unto said God And
out. them drive and them, overcome to able be shall I peradventure them; me curse now, come earth: the of face the covereth which Egypt, of out come people a is there Behold,
saying, me, unto sent hath Moab, of king Zippor, of son the Balak God, unto said Balaam And
thee? with these are men What said, and Balaam, unto came God And
Balaam. with abode Moab of princes the and me: unto speak shall Lord the as again, word you bring will I and night, this here Lodge them, unto said he And
Balak. of words the him unto spake and Balaam, unto came they and hand; their in divination of rewards the with departed Midian of elders the and Moab of elders the And
cursed. is cursest thou whom he and blessed, is blessest thou whom he that wot I for land: the of out them drive may I that and them, smite may we that prevail, shall I peradventure me: for mighty too are they for people; this me curse thee, pray I therefore, now Come
me: against over abide they and earth, the of face the cover they behold, Egypt: from out come people a is there Behold, saying, him, call to people, his of children the of land the of river the by is which Pethor, to Beor of son the Balaam unto therefore messengers sent He
time. that at Moabites the of king was Zippor of son the Balak And field. the of grass the up licketh ox the as us, about round are that all up lick company this shall Now Midian, of elders the unto said Moab And
Israel. of children the of because distressed was Moab and many: were they because people, the of afraid sore was Moab And
Amorites. the to done had Israel that all saw Zippor of son the Balak And
Jericho. by Jordan side this on Moab of plains the in pitched and forward, set Israel of children the And
land. his possessed they and alive: him left none was there until people, his all and sons, his and him, smote they So
Heshbon. at dwelt which Amorites, the of king Sihon unto didst thou as him to do shalt thou and land; his and people, his all and hand, thy into him delivered have I for not: him Fear Moses, unto said Lord the And
edrei. at battle the to people, his all and he, them, against out went bashan of king the og and Bashan: of way the by up went and turned they And
there. were that Amorites the out drove and thereof, villages the took they and Jaazer, out spy to sent Moses And
Amorites. the of land the in dwelt Israel Thus
Medeba. unto reacheth which Nophah, unto even waste them laid have we and Dibon, unto even perished is Heshbon them; at shot have We
Amorites. the of king Sihon unto captivity into daughters, his and escaped, that sons his given hath he Chemosh: of people O undone, art thou Moab! thee, to Woe
Arnon. of places high the of lords the and Moab, of ar consumed hath it Sihon: of city the from flame a Heshbon, of out gone fire a is there For
prepared: and built be Sihon of city the let Heshbon, into Come say, proverbs in speak that they Wherefore
Arnon. unto even hand, his of out land his all taken and Moab, of king former the against fought had who Amorites, the of king the Sihon of city the was Heshbon For
thereof. villages the all in and Heshbon, in Amorites, the of cities the all in dwelt Israel and cities: these all took Israel And
strong. was Ammon of children the of border the for Ammon: of children the unto even Jabbok, unto Arnon from land his possessed and sword, the of edge the with him smote Israel And
Israel. against fought and Jahaz, to came he and wilderness: the into Israel against out went and together, people his all gathered Sihon but border: his through pass to Israel suffer not would Sihon And
borders. thy past be we until way, high king's the by along go will we but well: the of waters the of drink not will we vineyards; the into or fields, the into turn not will we land: thy through pass me Let
saying, Amorites, the of king Sihon unto messengers sent Israel And
Jeshimon. toward looketh which Pisgah, of top the to Moab, of country the in is that valley, the in Bamoth from And
Bamoth: to Nahaliel from and Nahaliel: to Mattanah from And
Mattanah: to went they wilderness the from And staves. their with lawgiver, the of direction the by it, digged people the of nobles the well, the digged princes The
it: unto ye sing well; O up, Spring song, this sang Israel Then
water. them give will I and together, people the Gather Moses, unto spake Lord the whereof well the is that Beer: to went they thence from And
Moab. of border the upon lieth and Ar, of dwelling the to down goeth that brooks the of stream the at And
Arnon, of brooks the in and sea, Red the in did he What , Lord the of wars the of book the in said is it Wherefore
Amorites. the and Moab between Moab, of border the is Arnon for Amorites: the of coasts the of out cometh that wilderness the in is which Arnon, of side other the on pitched and removed, they thence From
Zared. of valley the in pitched and removed, they thence From
sunrising. the toward Moab, before is which wilderness the in Ijeabarim, at pitched and Oboth, from journeyed they And
Oboth. in pitched and forward, set Israel of children the And
lived. he brass, of serpent the beheld he when man, any bitten had serpent a if that pass, to came it and pole, a upon it put and brass, of serpent a made Moses And
live. shall it, upon looketh he when bitten, is that one every that pass, to come shall it and pole: a upon it set and serpent, fiery a thee Make Moses, unto said Lord the And
people. the for prayed Moses And us. from serpents the away take he that , Lord the unto pray thee; against and , Lord the against spoken have we for sinned, have We said, and Moses, to came people the Therefore
died. Israel of people much and people; the bit they and people, the among serpents fiery sent Lord the And
bread. light this loatheth soul our and water; any there is neither bread, no is there for wilderness? the in die to Egypt of out up us brought ye have Wherefore Moses, against and God, against spake people the And
way. the of because discouraged much was people the of soul the and Edom: of land the compass to sea, Red the of way the by Hor mount from journeyed they And
Hormah. place the of name the called he and cities: their and them destroyed utterly they and Canaanites; the up delivered and Israel, of voice the to hearkened Lord the And
cities. their destroy utterly will I then hand, my into people this deliver indeed wilt thou If said, and , Lord the unto vow a vowed Israel And
prisoners. them of some took and Israel, against fought he then spies; the of way the by came Israel that tell heard south, the in dwelt which Canaanite, the Arad king when And
Israel. of house the all even days, thirty Aaron for mourned they dead, was Aaron that saw congregation the all when And
mount. the from down came Eleazar and Moses and mount: the of top the in there died Aaron and son; his Eleazar upon them put and garments, his of Aaron stripped Moses And
congregation. the all of sight the in Hor mount into up went they and commanded: Lord the as did Moses And
there. die shall and people, his unto gathered be shall Aaron and son: his Eleazar upon them put and garments, his of Aaron strip And
Hor: mount unto up them bring and son, his Eleazar and Aaron Take
Meribah. of water the at word my against rebelled ye because Israel, of children the unto given have I which land the into enter not shall he for people: his unto gathered be shall Aaron
saying, Edom, of land the of coast the by Hor, mount in Aaron and Moses unto spake Lord the And
Hor. mount unto came and Kadesh, from journeyed congregation, whole the even Israel, of children the And
him. from away turned Israel wherefore border: his through passage Israel give to refused Edom Thus
hand. strong a with and people, much with him against out came Edom And through. go not shalt Thou said, he And
feet. my on through go else, anything doing without only, will I it: for pay will I then water, thy of drink cattle my and I if and way: high the by go will We him, unto said Israel of children the And
sword. the with thee against out come I lest me, by pass not shalt Thou him, unto said Edom And
borders. thy passed have we until left, the to nor hand right the to turn not will we way, high king's the by go will we wells: the of water the of drink we will neither vineyards, the through or fields, the through pass not will we country: thy through thee, pray I pass, us Let
border: thy of uttermost the in city a Kadesh, in are we behold, and, Egypt: of out forth us brought hath and angel, an sent and voice, our heard he , Lord the unto cried we when And
fathers: our and us, vexed Egyptians the and time; long a Egypt in dwelt have we and Egypt, into down went fathers our How
us: befallen hath that travail the all knowest Thou Israel, brother thy saith Thus Edom, of king the unto Kadesh from messengers sent Moses And
them. in sanctified was he and , Lord the with strove Israel of children the because Meribah; of water the is This
them. given have I which land the into congregation this bring not shall ye therefore Israel, of children the of eyes the in me sanctify to not, me believed ye Because Aaron, and Moses unto spake Lord the And
also. beasts their and drank, congregation the and abundantly, out came water the and twice: rock the smote he rod his with and hand, his up lifted Moses And
rock? this of out water you fetch we must rebels; ye now, Hear them, unto said he and rock, the before together congregation the gathered Aaron and Moses And
him. commanded he as , Lord the before from rod the took Moses And
drink. beasts their and congregation the give shalt thou so rock: the of out water them to forth bring shalt thou and water, his forth give shall it and eyes; their before rock the unto ye speak and brother, thy Aaron and thou, together, assembly the thou gather and rod, the Take
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
them. unto appeared Lord the of glory the and faces: their upon fell they and congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the unto assembly the of presence the from went Aaron and Moses And
drink. to water any there is neither pomegranates; of or vines, of or figs, of or seed, of place no is it place? evil this unto in us bring to Egypt, of out up come to us made ye have wherefore And
there? die should cattle our and we that wilderness, this into Lord the of congregation the up brought ye have why And
! Lord the before died brethren our when died had we that God Would saying, spake, and Moses, with chode people the And
Aaron. against and Moses against together themselves gathered they and congregation: the for water no was there And
there. buried was and there, died Miriam and Kadesh; in abode people the and month: first the in Zin of desert the into congregation, whole the even Israel, of children the came Then
even. until unclean be shall it toucheth that soul the and unclean; be shall toucheth person unclean the whatsoever And
even. until unclean be shall separation of water the toucheth that he and clothes; his wash shall separation of water the sprinkleth that he that them, unto statute perpetual a be shall it And
unclean. is he him; upon sprinkled been not hath separation of water the : Lord the of sanctuary the defiled hath he because congregation, the among from off cut be shall soul that himself, purify not shall and unclean, be shall that man the But
even. at clean be shall and water, in himself bathe and clothes, his wash and himself, purify shall he day seventh the on and day: seventh the on and day, third the on unclean the upon sprinkle shall person clean the And
grave: a or dead, one or slain, one or bone, a touched that him upon and there, were that persons the upon and vessels, the all upon and tent, the upon it sprinkle and water, the in it dip and hyssop, take shall person clean a And
vessel: a in thereto put be shall water running and sin, for purification of heifer burnt the of ashes the of take shall they person unclean an for And
days. seven unclean be shall grave, a or man, a of bone a or body, dead a or fields, open the in sword a with slain is that one toucheth whosoever And
unclean. is it, upon bound covering no hath which vessel, open every And
days. seven unclean be shall tent, the in is that all and tent, the into come that all tent: a in dieth man a when law, the is This
him. upon yet is uncleanness his unclean; be shall he him, upon sprinkled not was separation of water the because Israel: from off cut be shall soul that and ; Lord the of tabernacle the defileth himself, not purifieth and dead, is that man any of body dead the toucheth Whosoever
clean. be not shall he day seventh the then day, third the himself not purify he if but clean: be shall he day seventh the on and day, third the on it with himself purify shall He
days. seven unclean be shall man any of body dead the toucheth that He
ever. for statute a for them, among sojourneth that stranger the unto and Israel, of children the unto be shall it and even: the until unclean be and clothes, his wash shall heifer the of ashes the gathereth that he And
sin. for purification a is it separation: of water a for Israel of children the of congregation the for kept be shall it and place, clean a in camp the without up them lay and heifer, the of ashes the up gather shall clean is that man a And
even. the until unclean be shall and water, in flesh his bathe and water, in clothes his wash shall her burneth that he And
even. the until unclean be shall priest the and camp, the into come shall he afterward and water, in flesh his bathe shall he and clothes, his wash shall priest the Then
heifer. the of burning the of midst the into it cast and scarlet, and hyssop, and wood, cedar take shall priest the And
burn: he shall dung, her with blood, her and flesh, her and skin, her sight; his in heifer the burn shall one And
times: seven congregation the of tabernacle the before directly blood her of sprinkle and finger, his with blood her of take shall priest the Eleazar And
face: his before her slay shall one and camp, the without forth her bring may he that priest, the Eleazar unto her give shall ye And
yoke: came never which upon and blemish, no is wherein spot, without heifer red a thee bring they that Israel, of children the unto Speak saying, commanded, hath Lord the which law the of ordinance the is This
saying, Aaron, unto and Moses unto spake Lord the And
die. ye lest Israel, of children the of things holy the pollute ye shall neither it: of best the it from heaved have ye when it, of reason by sin no bear shall ye And
congregation. the of tabernacle the in service your for reward your is it for households: your and ye place, every in it eat shall ye And
winepress. the of increase the as and threshingfloor, the of increase the as Levites the unto counted be shall it then it, from thereof best the heaved have ye When them, unto say shalt thou Therefore
it. of out thereof part hallowed the even thereof, best the all of , Lord the of offering heave every offer shall ye gifts your all of Out
priest. the Aaron to offering heave 'S Lord the thereof give shall ye and Israel; of children the of receive ye which tithes, your all of Lord the unto offering heave an offer shall also ye Thus
winepress. the of fulness the as and threshingfloor, the of corn the were it though as you, unto reckoned be shall offering heave your this And
tithe. the of part tenth a even , Lord the for it of offering heave an up offer shall ye then inheritance, your for them from you given have I which tithes the Israel of children the of take ye When them, unto say and Levites, the unto speak Thus
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
inheritance. no have shall they Israel of children the Among them, unto said have I therefore inherit: to Levites the to given have I , Lord the unto offering heave an as offer they which Israel, of children the of tithes the But
inheritance. no have they Israel of children the among that generations, your throughout ever for statute a be shall it iniquity: their bear shall they and congregation, the of tabernacle the of service the do shall Levites the But
die. and sin, bear they lest congregation, the of tabernacle the nigh come henceforth Israel of children the must Neither
congregation. the of tabernacle the of service the even serve, they which service their for inheritance, an for Israel in tenth the all Levi of children the given have I behold, And,
Israel. of children the among inheritance thine and part thy am I them: among part any have thou shalt neither land, their in inheritance no have shalt Thou Aaron, unto spake Lord the And
thee. with seed thy to and thee unto Lord the before ever for salt of covenant a is it ever: for statute a by thee, with daughters thy and sons thy and thee, given I have , Lord the unto offer Israel of children the which things, holy the of offerings heave the All
thine. are shoulder right the as and breast wave the as thine, be shall them of flesh the And
. Lord the unto savour sweet a for fire, by made offering an for fat their burn shalt and altar, the upon blood their sprinkle shalt thou holy: are they redeem; not shalt thou goat, a of firstling the or sheep, a of firstling the or cow, a of firstling the But
gerahs. twenty is which sanctuary, the of shekel the after shekels, five of money the for estimation, thine to according redeem, thou shalt old month a from redeemed be to are that those And
redeem. thou shalt beasts unclean of firstling the and redeem, surely thou shalt man of firstborn the nevertheless thine: be shall beasts, or men of be it whether , Lord the unto bring they which flesh, all in matrix the openeth that thing Every
thine. be shall Israel in devoted thing Every
it. of eat shall house thine in clean is that one every thine; be shall , Lord the unto bring shall they which land, the in ripe first is whatsoever And
thee. given I have them , Lord the unto offer shall they which them of firstfruits the wheat, the of and wine, the of best the all and oil, the of best the All
it. of eat shall house thy in clean is that one every ever: for statute a by thee, with daughters thy to and sons thy to and thee, unto them given have I Israel: of children the of offerings wave the all with gift, their of offering heave the thine; is this And
thee. unto holy be shall it it: eat shall male every it; eat thou shalt place holy most the In
sons. thy for and thee for holy most be shall me, unto render shall they which their's of offering trespass every and their's, of offering sin every and their's, of offering meat every their's, of oblation every fire: the from reserved things, holy most the of thine be shall This
ever. for ordinance an by sons, thy to and anointing, the of reason by them given I have thee unto Israel; of children the of things hallowed the all of offerings heave mine of charge the thee given have also I Behold, Aaron, unto spake Lord the And
death. to put be shall nigh cometh that stranger the and gift: of service a as you unto office priest's your given have I serve: shall ye and vail; the within and altar, the of everything for office priest's your keep shall thee with sons thy and thou Therefore
congregation. the of tabernacle the of service the do to , Lord the for gift a as given are they you to Israel: of children the among from Levites the brethren your taken have I behold, I, And
Israel. of children the upon more any wrath no be there that altar: the of charge the and sanctuary, the of charge the keep shall ye And
you. unto nigh come not shall stranger a and tabernacle: the of service the all for congregation, the of tabernacle the of charge the keep and thee, unto joined be shall they And
die. also, ye nor they, neither that altar, the and sanctuary the of vessels the nigh come not shall they only tabernacle: the all of charge the and charge, thy keep shall they And
witness. of tabernacle the before minister shall thee with sons thy and thou but thee: unto minister and thee, unto joined be may they that thee, with thou bring father, thy of tribe the Levi, of tribe the of also brethren thy And
priesthood. your of iniquity the bear shall thee with sons thy and thou and sanctuary: the of iniquity the bear shall thee with house father's thy and sons thy and Thou Aaron, unto said Lord the And
dying? with consumed be we shall die: shall Lord the of tabernacle the unto near thing any cometh Whosoever
perish. all we perish, we die, we Behold, saying, Moses, unto spake Israel of children the And
he. did so him, commanded Lord the as so: did Moses And
not. die they that me, from murmurings their away take quite shalt thou and rebels; the against token a for kept be to testimony, the before again rod Aaron's Bring Moses, unto said Lord the And
rod. his man every took and looked, they and Israel: of children the all unto Lord the before from rods the all out brought Moses And
almonds. yielded and blossoms, bloomed and buds, forth brought and budded, was Levi of house the for Aaron of rod the behold, and, witness; of tabernacle the into went Moses morrow the on that pass, to came it And
witness. of tabernacle the in Lord the before rods the up laid Moses And
rods. their among was Aaron of rod the and rods: twelve even houses, fathers' their to according one, prince each for apiece, rod a him gave princes their of one every and Israel, of children the unto spake Moses And
you. against murmur they whereby Israel, of children the of murmurings the me from cease to make will I and blossom: shall choose, shall I whom rod, man's the that pass, to come shall it And
you. with meet will I where testimony, the before congregation the of tabernacle the in up them lay shalt thou And
fathers. their of house the of head the for be shall rod one for Levi: of rod the upon name Aaron's write shalt thou And
rod. his upon name man's every thou write rods: twelve fathers their of house the to according princes their all of fathers, their of house the to according rod a them of one every of take and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
stayed. was plague the and congregation: the of tabernacle the of door the unto Moses unto returned Aaron And
Korah. of matter the about died that them beside hundred, seven and thousand fourteen were plague the in died that they Now
stayed. was plague the and living; the and dead the between stood he And
people. the for atonement an made and incense, on put he and people: the among begun was plague the behold, and, congregation; the of midst the into ran and commanded, Moses as took Aaron And
begun. is plague the ; Lord the from out gone wrath is there for them: for atonement an make and congregation, the unto quickly go and incense, on put and altar, the off from therein fire put and censer, a Take Aaron, unto said Moses And
faces. their upon fell they And moment. a in as them consume may I that congregation, this among from up you Get
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
congregation. the of tabernacle the before came Aaron and Moses And
appeared. Lord the of glory the and it, covered cloud the behold, and, congregation: the of tabernacle the toward looked they that Aaron, against and Moses against gathered was congregation the when pass, to came it And
. Lord the of people the killed have Ye saying, Aaron, against and Moses against murmured Israel of children the of congregation the all morrow the on But
Moses. of hand the by him to said Lord the as company: his as and Korah, as not be he that ; Lord the before incense offer to near come Aaron, of seed the of not is which stranger, no that Israel, of children the unto memorial a be To
altar: the of covering a for plates broad made were they and offered; had burnt were that they wherewith censers, brasen the took priest the Eleazar And
Israel. of children the unto sign a be shall they and hallowed: are they therefore , Lord the before them offered they for altar: the of covering a for plates broad them make them let souls, own their against sinners these of censers The
hallowed. are they for yonder; fire the thou scatter and burning, the of out censers the up take he that priest, the Aaron of son the Eleazar unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
incense. offered that men fifty and hundred two the consumed and , Lord the from fire a out came there And
also. up us swallow earth the Lest said, they for them: of cry the at fled them about round were that Israel all And
congregation. the among from perished they and them: upon closed earth the and pit, the into alive down went them, to appertained that all and They,
goods. their all and Korah, unto appertained that men the all and houses, their and up, them swallowed and mouth, her opened earth the And
them: under was that asunder clave ground the that words, these all speaking of end an made had he as pass, to came it And
. Lord the provoked have men these that understand shall ye then pit; the into quick down go they and them, unto appertain that all with up, them swallow and mouth, her open earth the and thing, new a make Lord the if But
me. sent not hath Lord the then men; all of visitation the after visited be they if or men, all of death common the die men these If
mind. own mine of them done not have I for works; these all do to me sent hath Lord the that know shall ye Hereby said, Moses And
children. little their and sons, their and wives, their and tents, their of door the in stood and out, came Abiram and Dathan and side: every on Abiram, and Dathan, Korah, of tabernacle the from up gat they So
sins. their all in consumed be ye lest their's, of nothing touch and men, wicked these of tents the from you, pray I Depart, saying, congregation, the unto spake he And
him. followed Israel of elders the and Abiram; and Dathan unto went and up rose Moses And
Abiram. and Dathan, Korah, of tabernacle the about from up you Get saying, congregation, the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
congregation? the all with wroth be thou wilt and sin, man one shall flesh, all of spirits the of God the God, O said, and faces, their upon fell they And
moment. a in them consume may I that congregation, this among from yourselves Separate
saying, Aaron, unto and Moses unto spake Lord the And
congregation. the all unto appeared Lord the of glory the and congregation: the of tabernacle the of door the unto them against congregation the all gathered Korah And
Aaron. and Moses with congregation the of tabernacle the of door the in stood and thereon, incense laid and them, in fire put and censer, his man every took they And
censer. his you of each Aaron, and also, thou censers; fifty and hundred two censer, his man every Lord the before ye bring and them, in incense put and censer, his man every take And
morrow: to Aaron, and they, and thou, , Lord the before company thy all and thou Be Korah, unto said Moses And
them. of one hurt I have neither them, from ass one taken not have I offering: their thou not Respect , Lord the unto said and wroth, very was Moses And
up. come not will we men? these of eyes the out put thou wilt vineyards: and fields of inheritance us given or honey, and milk with floweth that land a into us brought not hast thou Moreover
us? over prince a altogether thyself make thou except wilderness, the in us kill to honey, and milk with floweth that land a of out up us brought hast thou that thing small a it Is
up: come not will We said, which Eliab: of sons the Abiram, and Dathan call to sent Moses And
him? against murmur ye that Aaron, is what and : Lord the against together gathered are company thy all and thou both cause which For
also? priesthood the ye seek and thee: with Levi of sons the brethren thy all and him, to near thee brought hath he And
them? unto minister to congregation the before stand to and , Lord the of tabernacle the of service the do to himself to near you bring to Israel, of congregation the from you separated hath Israel of God the that you, unto thing small a but it Seemeth
Levi: of sons ye you, pray I Hear, Korah, unto said Moses And
Levi. of sons ye you, upon much too take ye holy: be shall he choose, doth Lord the whom man the that be shall it and morrow: to Lord the before them in incense put and therein, fire put And
company; his all and Korah, censers, you Take do; This
him. unto near come to cause he will chosen hath he whom him even him: unto near come to him cause will and holy; is who and his, are who shew will Lord the morrow to Even saying, company, his all unto and Korah unto spake he And
face: his upon fell he it, heard Moses when And
? Lord the of congregation the above yourselves up ye lift then wherefore them: among is Lord the and them, of one every holy, are congregation the all seeing you, upon much too take Ye them, unto said and Aaron, against and Moses against together themselves gathered they And
renown: of men congregation, the in famous assembly, the of princes fifty and hundred two Israel, of children the of certain with Moses, before up rose they And
men: took Reuben, of sons Peleth, of son the On, and Eliab, of sons the Abiram, and Dathan and Levi, of son the Kohath, of son the Izhar, of son the Korah, Now
God. your Lord the am I God: your be to Egypt, of land the of out you brought which God, your Lord the am I
God. your unto holy be and commandments, my all do and remember, may ye That
whoring: a go to use ye which after eyes, own your and heart own your after not seek ye that and ; them do and , Lord the of commandments the all remember and it, upon look may ye that fringe, a for you unto be shall it And
blue: of ribband a borders the of fringe the upon put they that and generations, their throughout garments their of borders the in fringes them make they that them bid and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
Moses. commanded Lord the as died; he and stones, with him stoned and camp, the without him brought congregation the all And
camp. the without stones with him stone shall congregation the all death: to put surely be shall man The Moses, unto said Lord the And
him. to done be should what declared not was it because ward, in him put they And
congregation. the all unto and Aaron, and Moses unto him brought sticks gathering him found that they And
day. sabbath the upon sticks gathered that man a found they wilderness, the in were Israel of children the while And
him. upon be shall iniquity his off; cut be utterly shall soul that commandment, his broken hath and , Lord the of word the despised hath he Because
people. his among from off cut be shall soul that and ; Lord the reproacheth same the stranger, a or land, the in born be he whether presumptuously, ought doeth that soul the But
them. among sojourneth that stranger the for and Israel, of children the among born is that him for both ignorance, through sinneth that him for law one have shall Ye
him. forgiven be shall it and him; for atonement an make to , Lord the before ignorance by sinneth he when ignorantly, sinneth that soul the for atonement an make shall priest the And
offering. sin a for year first the of goat she a bring shall he then ignorance, through sin soul any if And
ignorance. in were people the all seeing them; among sojourneth that stranger the and Israel, of children the of congregation the all forgiven be shall it And
ignorance: their for , Lord the before offering sin their and , Lord the unto fire by made sacrifice a offering, their bring shall they and ignorance: is it for them; forgiven be shall it and Israel, of children the of congregation the all for atonement an make shall priest the And
offering. sin a for goats the of kid one and manner, the to according offering, drink his and offering, meat his with , Lord the unto savour sweet a for offering, burnt a for bullock young one offer shall congregation the all that congregation, the of knowledge the without ignorance by committed be ought if be, shall it Then
generations; your among henceforward and Moses, commanded Lord the that day the from Moses, of hand the by you commanded hath Lord the that all Even
Moses, unto spoken hath Lord the which commandments, these all observed not and erred, have ye if And
generations. your in offering heave an Lord the unto give shall ye dough your of first the Of
it. heave ye shall so threshingfloor, the of offering heave the do ye as offering: heave an for dough your of first the of cake a up offer shall Ye
. Lord the unto offering heave an up offer shall ye land, the of bread the of eat ye when that, be, shall it Then
you, bring I whither land the into come ye When them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
you. with sojourneth that stranger the for and you, for be shall manner one and law One
. Lord the before be stranger the shall so are, ye as generations: your in ever for ordinance an you, with sojourneth that stranger the for also and congregation, the of you for both be shall ordinance One
do. shall he so do, ye as ; Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made offering an offer will and generations, your in you among be whosoever or you, with sojourn stranger a if And
. Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made offering an offering in manner, this after things these do shall country the of born are that All
number. their to according one every to do ye shall so prepare, shall ye that number the to According
kid. a or lamb, a for or ram, one for or bullock, one for done be it shall Thus
. Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made offering an for wine, of hin an half offering drink a for bring shalt thou And
oil. of hin an half with mingled flour of deals tenth three of offering meat a bullock a with bring he shall Then
: Lord the unto offerings peace or vow, a performing in sacrifice a for or offering, burnt a for bullock a preparest thou when And
. Lord the unto savour sweet a for wine, of hin an of part third the offer shalt thou offering drink a for And
oil. of hin an of part third the with mingled flour of deals tenth two offering meat a for prepare shalt thou ram, a for Or
lamb. one for sacrifice, or offering burnt the with prepare thou shalt offering drink a for wine of hin an of part fourth the And
oil. of hin an of part fourth the with mingled flour of deal tenth a of offering meat a bring Lord the unto offering his offereth that he shall Then
flock: the of or herd the of , Lord the unto savour sweet a make to feasts, solemn your in or offering, freewill a in or vow, a performing in sacrifice a or offering, burnt a , Lord the unto fire by offering an make will And
you, unto give I which habitations, your of land the into come be ye When them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
Hormah. unto even them, discomfited and them, smote and hill, that in dwelt which Canaanites the and down, came Amalekites the Then
camp. the of out not departed Moses, and , Lord the of covenant the of ark the nevertheless top: hill the unto up go to presumed they But
you. with be not will Lord the therefore , Lord the from away turned are ye because sword: the by fall shall ye and you, before there are Canaanites the and Amalekites the For
enemies. your before smitten not be ye that you; among not is Lord the for up, not Go
prosper. not shall it but ? Lord the of commandment the transgress ye do now Wherefore said, Moses And
sinned. have we for promised: hath Lord the which place the unto up go will and here, be we Lo, saying, mountain, the of top the into up them gat and morning, the in early up rose they And
greatly. mourned people the and Israel: of children the all unto sayings these told Moses And
still. lived land, the search to went that men the of were which Jephunneh, of son the Caleb and Nun, of son the Joshua But
. Lord the before plague the by died land, the upon report evil the up bring did that men those Even
land, the upon slander a up bringing by him, against murmur to congregation the all made and returned, who land, the search to sent Moses which men, the And
die. shall they there and consumed, be shall they wilderness this in me: against together gathered are that congregation, evil this all unto it do surely will I said, have Lord the I
promise. of breach my know shall ye and years, forty even iniquities, your bear ye shall year, a for day each days, forty even land, the searched ye which in days the of number the After
wilderness. the in wasted be carcases your until whoredoms, your bear and years, forty wilderness the in wander shall children your And
wilderness. this in fall shall they carcases, your you, for as But
despised. have ye which land the know shall they and in, bring I will them prey, a be should said ye which ones, little your But
Nun. of son the Joshua and Jephunneh, of son the Caleb save therein, dwell you make to sware I which concerning land, the into come not shall ye Doubtless
me. against murmured have which upward and old years twenty from number, whole your to according you, of numbered were that all and wilderness; this in fall shall carcases Your
you: to do I will so ears, mine in spoken have ye as , Lord the saith live, I as truly As them, unto Say
me. against murmur they which Israel, of children the of murmurings the heard have I me? against murmur which congregation, evil this with bear I shall long How
saying, Aaron, unto and Moses unto spake Lord the And
sea. Red the of way the by wilderness the into you get and you, turn Tomorrow valley.) the in dwelt Canaanites the and Amalekites the (Now
it. possess shall seed his and went; he whereinto land the into bring I will him fully, me followed hath and him, with spirit another had he because Caleb, servant my But
it: see me provoked that them of any shall neither fathers, their unto sware I which land the see not shall they Surely
voice; my to hearkened not have and times, ten these now me tempted have and wilderness, the in and Egypt in did I which miracles, my and glory, my seen have which men those all Because
. Lord the of glory the with filled be shall earth the all live, I as truly as But
word: thy to according pardoned have I said, Lord the And
now. until even Egypt from people, this forgiven hast thou as and mercy, thy of greatness the unto according people this of iniquity the thee, beseech I Pardon,
generation. fourth and third the unto children the upon fathers the of iniquity the visiting guilty, the clearing means no by and transgression, and iniquity forgiving mercy, great of and longsuffering, is Lord The
saying, spoken, hast thou as according great, be lord my of power the let thee, beseech I now, And
wilderness. the in them slain hath he therefore them, unto sware he which land the into people this bring to able not was Lord the Because
saying, speak, will thee of fame the heard have which nations the then man, one as people this all kill shalt thou if Now
night. by fire of pillar a in and cloud, a of pillar a in time day by them, before goest thou that and them, over standeth cloud thy that and face, to face seen art Lord thou that people, this among art Lord thou that heard have they for land: this of inhabitants the to it tell will they And
them;) among from might thy in people this up broughtest thou (for it, hear shall Egyptians the Then , Lord the unto said Moses And
they. than mightier and nation greater a thee of make will and them, disinherit and pestilence, the with them smite will I
them? among shewed have I which signs the all for me, believe they ere be it will long how and me? provoke people this will long How Moses, unto said Lord the And
Israel. of children the all before congregation the of tabernacle the in appeared Lord the of glory the And stones. with them stone bade congregation the all But
not. them fear us: with is Lord the and them, from departed is defence their us: for bread are they for land; the of people the ye fear neither , Lord the against ye not rebel Only
honey. and milk with floweth which land a us; it give and land, this into us bring will he then us, in delight Lord the If
land. good exceeding an is it, search to through passed we which land, The saying, Israel, of children the of company the all unto spake they And
clothes: their rent land, the searched that them of were which Jephunneh, of son the Caleb and Nun, of son the Joshua And
Israel. of children the of congregation the of assembly the all before faces their on fell Aaron and Moses Then
Egypt. into return us let and captain, a make us Let another, to one said they And
Egypt? into return to us for better not it were prey? a be should children our and wives our that sword, the by fall to land, this unto us brought Lord the hath wherefore And
wilderness! this in died had we God would or Egypt! of land the in died had we that God Would them, unto said congregation whole the and Aaron: against and Moses against murmured Israel of children the all And
night. that wept people the and cried; and voice, their up lifted congregation the all And
sight. their in were we so and grasshoppers, as sight own our in were we and giants: the of come which Anak, of sons the giants, the saw we there And
stature. great a of men are it in saw we that people the all and thereof; inhabitants the up eateth that land a is it, search to gone have we which through land, The saying, Israel, of children the unto searched had they which land the of report evil an up brought they And
we. than stronger are they for people; the against up go to able not be We said, him with up went that men the But
it. overcome to able well are we for it; possess and once, at up go us Let said, and Moses, before people the stilled Caleb And
Jordan. of coast the by and sea, the by dwell Canaanites the and mountains: the in dwell Amorites, the and Jebusites, the and Hittites, the and south: the of land the in dwell Amalekites The
there. Anak of children the saw we moreover and great: very and walled, are cities the and land, the in dwell that strong be people the Nevertheless
it. of fruit the is this and honey; and milk with floweth it surely and us, sentest thou whither land the unto came We said, and him, told they And
land. the of fruit the them shewed and congregation, the all unto and them, unto word back brought and Kadesh; to Paran, of wilderness the unto Israel, of children the of congregation the all to and Aaron, to and Moses, to came and went they And
days. forty after land the of searching from returned they And
thence. from down cut Israel of children the which grapes of cluster the of because Eshcol, brook the called was place The
figs. the of and pomegranates, the of brought they and staff; a upon two between it bare they and grapes, of cluster one with branch a thence from down cut and Eshcol, of brook the unto came they And
Egypt.) in Zoan before years seven built was Hebron (Now were. Anak, of children the Talmai, and Sheshai, Ahiman, where Hebron; unto came and south, the by ascended they And
Hamath. to come men as Rehob, unto Zin of wilderness the from land the searched and up, went they So
grapes. firstripe the of time the was time the Now land. the of fruit the of bring and courage, good of ye be And not. or therein, wood be there whether lean, or fat be it whether is, land the what And
holds; strong in or tents, in whether in, dwell they that be they cities what and bad; or good be it whether in, dwell they that is land the what And
many; or few weak, or strong be they whether therein, dwelleth that people the and is, it what land, the see And
mountain: the into up go and southward, way this up you Get them, unto said and Canaan, of land the out spy to them sent Moses And
Jehoshua. Nun of son the Oshea called Moses And land. the out spy to sent Moses which men the of names the are These
Machi. of son the Geuel Gad, of tribe the Of
Vophsi. of son the Nahbi Naphtali, of tribe the Of
Michael. of son the Sethur Asher, of tribe the Of
Gemalli. of son the Ammiel Dan, of tribe the Of
Susi. of son the Gaddi Manasseh, of tribe the of namely, Joseph, of tribe the Of
Sodi. of son the Gaddiel Zebulun, of tribe the Of
Raphu. of son the Palti Benjamin, of tribe the Of
Nun. of son the Oshea Ephraim, of tribe the Of
Joseph. of son the Igal Issachar, of tribe the Of
Jephunneh. of son the Caleb Judah, of tribe the Of
Hori. of son the Shaphat Simeon, of tribe the Of
Zaccur. of son the Shammua Reuben, of tribe the of names: their were these And
Israel. of children the of heads were men those all Paran: of wilderness the from them sent Lord the of commandment the by Moses And
them. among ruler a one every man, a send ye shall fathers their of tribe every of Israel: of children the unto give I which Canaan, of land the search may they that men, thou Send
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
Paran. of wilderness the in pitched and Hazeroth, from removed people the afterward And
again. in brought was Miriam till not journeyed people the and days: seven camp the from out shut was Miriam And
again. in received be her let that after and days, seven camp the from out shut be her let days? seven ashamed be not she should face, her in spit but had father her If Moses, unto said Lord the And
thee. beseech I God, O now, her Heal saying, , Lord the unto cried Moses And
womb. mother's his of out cometh he when consumed half is flesh the whom of dead, one as be not her Let
sinned. have we wherein and foolishly, done have we wherein us, upon sin the not lay thee, beseech I lord, my Alas, Moses, unto said Aaron And
leprous. was she behold, and, Miriam, upon looked Aaron and snow: as white leprous, became Miriam behold, and, tabernacle; the off from departed cloud the And
departed. he and them; against kindled was Lord the of anger the And
Moses? servant my against speak to afraid not ye were then wherefore behold: he shall Lord the of similitude the and speeches; dark in not and apparently, even mouth, to mouth speak I will him With
house. mine all in faithful is who so, not is Moses servant My
dream. a in him unto speak will and vision, a in him unto known myself make will Lord the I you, among prophet a be there If words: my now Hear said, he And
forth. came both they and Miriam: and Aaron called and tabernacle, the of door the in stood and cloud, the of pillar the in down came Lord the And
out. came three they And congregation. the of tabernacle the unto three ye out Come Miriam, unto and Aaron, unto and Moses, unto suddenly spake Lord the And
earth.) the of face the upon were which men the all above meek, very was Moses man the (Now
it. heard Lord the And us? by also spoken not he hath Moses? by only spoken indeed Lord the Hath said, they And
woman. Ethiopian an married had he for married: had he whom woman Ethiopian the of because Moses against spake Aaron and Miriam And
Hazeroth. at abode and Hazeroth; unto Kibrothhattaavah from journeyed people the And
lusted. that people the buried they there because Kibrothhattaavah: place that of name the called he And
plague. great very a with people the smote Lord the and people, the against kindled was Lord the of wrath the chewed, was it ere teeth, their between yet was flesh the while And
camp. the about round themselves for abroad all them spread they and homers: ten gathered least gathered that he quails: the gathered they and day, next the all and night, that all and day, that all up stood people the And
earth. the of face the upon high cubits two were it as and camp, the about round side, other the on journey day's a were it as and side, this on journey day's a were it as camp, the by fall them let and sea, the from quails brought and , Lord the from wind a forth went there And
Israel. of elders the and he camp, the into him gat Moses And
them! upon spirit his put would Lord the that and prophets, were people 'S Lord the all that God would sake? my for thou Enviest him, unto said Moses And
them. forbid Moses, lord My said, and answered men, young his of one Moses, of servant the Nun, of son the Joshua And
camp. the in prophesy do Medad and Eldad said, and Moses, told and man, young a ran there And
camp. the in prophesied they and tabernacle: the unto out not went but written, were that them of were they and them; upon rested spirit the and Medad: other the of name the and Eldad, was one the of name the camp, the in men the of two remained there But
cease. not did and prophesied, they them, upon rested spirit the when that, pass, to came it and elders: seventy the unto it gave and him, upon was that spirit the of took and him, unto spake and cloud, a in down came Lord the And
tabernacle. the about round them set and people, the of elders the of men seventy the gathered and , Lord the of words the people the told and out, went Moses And
not. or thee unto pass to come shall word my whether now see shalt thou short? waxed hand 'S Lord the Is Moses, unto said Lord the And
them? suffice to them, for together gathered be sea the of fish the all shall or them? suffice to them, for slain be herds the and flocks the Shall
month. whole a eat may they that flesh, them give will I said, hast thou and footmen; thousand hundred six are am, I whom among people, The said, Moses And
Egypt? of out forth we came Why saying, him, before wept have and you, among is which Lord the despised have ye that because you: unto loathsome be it and nostrils, your at out come it until month, whole a even But
days; twenty nor days, ten neither days, five nor days, two nor day, one eat not shall Ye
eat. shall ye and flesh, you give will Lord the therefore Egypt: in us with well was it for eat? to flesh us give shall Who saying, , Lord the of ears the in wept have ye for flesh: eat shall ye and morrow, to against yourselves Sanctify people, the unto thou say And
alone. thyself not it bear thou that thee, with people the of burden the bear shall they and them; upon it put will and thee, upon is which spirit the of take will I and there: thee with talk and down come will I And
thee. with there stand may they that congregation, the of tabernacle the unto them bring and them; over officers and people, the of elders the be to knowest thou whom Israel, of elders the of men seventy me unto Gather Moses, unto said Lord the And
wretchedness. my see not me let and sight; thy in favour found have I if hand, of out thee, pray I me, kill me, with thus deal thou if And
me. for heavy too is it because alone, people this all bear to able not am I
eat. may we that flesh, us Give saying, me, unto weep they for people? this all unto give to flesh have I should Whence
fathers? their unto swarest thou which land the unto child, sucking the beareth father nursing a as bosom, thy in them Carry me, unto say shouldest thou that them, begotten I have people? this all conceived I Have
me? upon people this all of burden the layest thou that sight, thy in favour found not I have wherefore and servant? thy afflicted thou hast Wherefore , Lord the unto said Moses And
displeased. was also Moses greatly; kindled was Lord the of anger the and tent: his of door the in man every families, their throughout weep people the heard Moses Then
it. upon fell manna the night, the in camp the upon fell dew the when And
oil. fresh of taste the as was it of taste the and it: of cakes made and pans, in it baked and mortar, a in it beat or mills, in it ground and it, gathered and about, went people the And
bdellium. of colour the as thereof colour the and seed, coriander as was manna the And
eyes. our before manna, this beside all, at nothing is there away: dried is soul our now But
garlick: the and onions, the and leeks, the and melons, the and cucumbers, the freely; Egypt in eat did we which fish, the remember We
eat? to flesh us give shall Who said, and again, wept also Israel of children the and lusting: a fell them among was that multitude mixt the And
them. among burnt Lord the of fire the because Taberah: place the of name the called he And
quenched. was fire the , Lord the unto prayed Moses when and Moses; unto cried people the And
camp. the of parts uttermost the in were that them consumed and them, among burnt Lord the of fire the and kindled; was anger his and it; heard Lord the and : Lord the displeased it complained, people the when And
Israel. of thousands many the unto , Lord O Return, said, he rested, it when And
thee. before flee thee hate that them let and scattered; be enemies thine let and , Lord up, Rise said, Moses that forward, set ark the when pass, to came it And
camp. the of out went they when day, by them upon was Lord the of cloud the And
them. for place resting a out search to journey, days' three the in them before went Lord the of covenant the of ark the and journey: days' three Lord the of mount the from departed they And
thee. unto do we will same the us, unto do shall Lord the goodness what that be, shall it yea, us, with go thou if be, shall it And
eyes. of instead us to be mayest thou and wilderness, the in encamp to are we how knowest thou as forasmuch thee; pray I not, us Leave said, he And
kindred. my to and land, own mine to depart will I but go; not will I him, unto said he And
Israel. concerning good spoken hath Lord the for good: thee do will we and us, with thou come you: it give will I said, Lord the which of place the unto journeying are We law, in father Moses' Midianite, the Raguel of son the Hobab, unto said Moses And
forward. set they when armies, their to according Israel of children the of journeyings the were Thus
Enan. of son the Ahira was Naphtali of children the of tribe the of host the over And
Ocran. of son the Pagiel was Asher of children the of tribe the of host the over And
Ammishaddai. of son the Ahiezer was host his over and hosts: their throughout camps the all of rereward the was which forward, set Dan of children the of camp the of standard the And
Gideoni. of son the Abidan was Benjamin of children the of tribe the of host the over And
Pedahzur. of son the Gamaliel was Manasseh of children the of tribe the of host the over And
Ammihud. of son the Elishama was host his over and armies: their to according forward set Ephraim of children the of camp the of standard the And
came. they against tabernacle the up set did other the and sanctuary: the bearing forward, set Kohathites the And
Deuel. of son the Eliasaph was Gad of children the of tribe the of host the over And
Zurishaddai. of son the Shelumiel was Simeon of children the of tribe the of host the over And
Shedeur. of son the Elizur was host his over and armies: their to according forward set Reuben of camp the of standard the And
tabernacle. the bearing forward, set Merari of sons the and Gershon of sons the and down; taken was tabernacle the And
Helon. of son the Eliab was Zebulun of children the of tribe the of host the over And
Zuar. of son the Nethaneel was Issachar of children the of tribe the of host the over And
Amminadab. of son the Nahshon was host his over and armies: their to according Judah of children the of camp the of standard the went place first the In
Moses. of hand the by Lord the of commandment the to according journey their took first they And
Paran. of wilderness the in rested cloud the and Sinai; of wilderness the of out journeys their took Israel of children the And
testimony. the of tabernacle the off from up taken was cloud the that year, second the in month, second the of day twentieth the on pass to came it And
God. your Lord the am I God: your before memorial a for you to be may they that offerings; peace your of sacrifices the over and offerings, burnt your over trumpets the with blow shall ye months, your of beginnings the in and days, solemn your in and gladness, your of day the in Also
enemies. your from saved be shall ye and God, your Lord the before remembered be shall ye and trumpets; the with alarm an blow shall ye then you, oppresseth that enemy the against land your in war to go ye if And
generations. your throughout ever for ordinance an for you to be shall they and trumpets; the with blow shall priests, the Aaron, of sons the And
alarm. an sound not shall ye but blow, shall ye together, gathered be to is congregation the when But
journeys. their for alarm an blow shall they journey: their take shall side south the on lie that camps the then time, second the alarm an blow ye When
forward. go shall parts east the on lie that camps the then alarm, an blow ye When
thee. unto themselves gather shall Israel, of thousands the of heads are which princes, the then trumpet, one with but blow they if And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the at thee to themselves assemble shall assembly the all them, with blow shall they when And
camps. the of journeying the for and assembly, the of calling the for them use mayest thou that them: make thou shalt piece whole a of silver; of trumpets two thee Make
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
Moses. of hand the by Lord the of commandment the at , Lord the of charge the kept they journeyed: they Lord the of commandment the at and tents, the in rested they Lord the of commandment the At
journeyed. they up, taken was it when but not: journeyed and tents, their in abode Israel of children the thereon, remaining tabernacle, the upon tarried cloud the that year, a or month, a or days, two were it whether Or
journeyed. they up, taken was cloud the that night by or day by was it whether journeyed: they then morning, the in up taken was cloud the that and morning, the unto even from abode cloud the when was, it so And
journeyed. they Lord the of commandment the to according and tents, their in abode they Lord the of commandment the to according tabernacle; the upon days few a was cloud the when was, it so And
not. journeyed and , Lord the of charge the kept Israel of children the then days, many tabernacle the upon long tarried cloud the when And
tents. their in rested they tabernacle the upon abode cloud the as long as pitched: they Lord the of commandment the at and journeyed, Israel of children the Lord the of commandment the At
tents. their pitched Israel of children the there abode, cloud the where place the in and journeyed: Israel of children the that after then tabernacle, the from up taken was cloud the when And
night. by fire of appearance the and day, by it covered cloud the alway: was it So
morning. the until fire, of appearance the were it as tabernacle the upon was there even at and testimony: the of tent the namely, tabernacle, the covered cloud the up reared was tabernacle the that day the on And
land. the in born was that him for and stranger, the for both ordinance, one have shall ye do: he shall so thereof, manner the to according and passover, the of ordinance the to according ; Lord the unto passover the keep will and you, among sojourn shall stranger a if And
sin. his bear shall man that season, appointed his in Lord the of offering the not brought he because people: his among from off cut be shall soul same the even passover, the keep to forbeareth and journey, a in not is and clean, is that man the But
it. keep shall they passover the of ordinances the all to according it: of bone any break nor morning, the unto it of none leave shall They
herbs. bitter and bread unleavened with it eat and it, keep shall they even at month second the of day fourteenth The
. Lord the unto passover the keep shall he yet off, afar journey a in be or body, dead a of reason by unclean be shall posterity your of or you of man any If saying, Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
you. concerning command will Lord the what hear will I and still, Stand them, unto said Moses And
Israel? of children the among season appointed his in Lord the of offering an offer not may we that back, kept we are wherefore man: a of body dead the by defiled are We him, unto said men those And
day: that on Aaron before and Moses before came they and day: that on passover the keep not could they that man, a of body dead the by defiled were who men, certain were there And
Israel. of children the did so Moses, commanded Lord the that all to according Sinai: of wilderness the in even at month first the of day fourteenth the on passover the kept they And
passover. the keep should they that Israel, of children the unto spake Moses And
it. keep ye shall thereof, ceremonies the all to according and it, of rites the all to according season: appointed his in it keep shall ye even, at month, this of day fourteenth the In
season. appointed his at passover the keep also Israel of children the Let
saying, Egypt, of land the of out come were they after year second the of month first the in Sinai, of wilderness the in Moses unto spake Lord the And
charge. their touching Levites the unto do thou shalt Thus service. no do shall and charge, the keep to congregation, the of tabernacle the in brethren their with minister shall But
more: no serve shall and thereof, service the upon waiting cease shall they years fifty of age the from And
congregation: the of tabernacle the of service the upon wait to in go shall they upward and old years five and twenty from Levites: the unto belongeth that it is This
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
them. unto they did so Levites, the concerning Moses commanded had Lord the as sons: his before and Aaron, before congregation the of tabernacle the in service their do to in Levites the went that after And
them. cleanse to them for atonement an made Aaron and ; Lord the before offering an as them offered Aaron and clothes; their washed they and purified, were Levites the And
them. unto Israel of children the did so Levites, the concerning Moses commanded Lord the that all unto according Levites the to did Israel, of children the of congregation the all and Aaron, and Moses, And
sanctuary. the unto nigh come Israel of children the when Israel, of children the among plague no be there that Israel: of children the for atonement an make to and congregation, the of tabernacle the in Israel of children the of service the do to Israel, of children the among from sons his to and Aaron to gift a as Levites the given have I And
Israel. of children the of firstborn the all for Levites the taken have I And
myself. for them sanctified I Egypt of land the in firstborn every smote I that day the on beast: and man both mine, are Israel of children the of firstborn the all For
me. unto them taken I have Israel, of children the all of firstborn the of instead even womb, every open as such of instead Israel; of children the among from me unto given wholly are they For
offering. an for them offer and them, cleanse shalt thou and congregation: the of tabernacle the of service the do to in go Levites the shall that after And
mine. be shall Levites the and Israel: of children the among from Levites the separate thou shalt Thus
. Lord the unto offering an for them offer and sons, his before and Aaron, before Levites the set shalt thou And
Levites. the for atonement an make to , Lord the unto offering, burnt a for other the and offering, sin a for one the offer shalt thou and bullocks: the of heads the upon hands their lay shall Levites the And
. Lord the of service the execute may they that Israel, of children the of offering an for Lord the before Levites the offer shall Aaron And
Levites: the upon hands their put shall Israel of children the and : Lord the before Levites the bring shalt thou And
together: Israel of children the of assembly whole the gather shalt thou and congregation: the of tabernacle the before Levites the bring shalt thou And
offering. sin a for take thou shalt bullock young another and oil, with mingled flour fine even offering, meat his with bullock young a take them let Then
clean. themselves make so and clothes, their wash them let and flesh, their all shave them let and them, upon purifying of water Sprinkle them: cleanse to them, unto do thou shalt thus And
them. cleanse and Israel, of children the among from Levites the Take
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
candlestick. the made he so Moses, shewed had Lord the which pattern the unto according work: beaten was thereof, flowers the unto thereof, shaft the unto gold, beaten of was candlestick the of work this And
Moses. commanded Lord the as candlestick, the against over thereof lamps the lighted he so; did Aaron And
candlestick. the against over light give shall lamps seven the lamps, the lightest thou When him, unto say and Aaron unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
him. unto spake he and cherubims: two the between from testimony, of ark the upon was that seat mercy the off from him unto speaking one of voice the heard he then him, with speak to congregation the of tabernacle the into gone was Moses when And
anointed. was it that after altar, the of dedication the was This sixty. year first the of lambs the sixty, goats he the sixty, rams the bullocks, four and twenty were offerings peace the of sacrifice the for oxen the all And
twelve. offering sin for goats the of kids the and offering: meat their with twelve, year first the of lambs the twelve, rams the bullocks, twelve were offering burnt the for oxen the All
shekels. twenty and hundred an was spoons the of gold the all sanctuary: the of shekel the after apiece, shekels ten weighing incense, of full twelve, were spoons golden The
sanctuary: the of shekel the after shekels, hundred four and thousand two weighed vessels silver the all seventy: bowl each shekels, thirty and hundred an weighing silver of charger Each
gold: of spoons twelve bowls, silver twelve silver, of chargers twelve Israel: of princes the by anointed, was it when day the in altar, the of dedication the was This
Enan. of son the Ahira of offering the was this year: first the of lambs five goats, he five rams, five oxen, two offerings, peace of sacrifice a for And
offering: sin a for goats the of kid One
offering: burnt a for year, first the of lamb one ram, one bullock, young One
incense: of full shekels, ten of spoon golden One
offering: meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of full them of both sanctuary; the of shekel the after shekels, seventy of bowl silver one shekels, thirty and hundred an was whereof weight the charger, silver one was offering His
offered: Naphtali, of children the of prince Enan, of son the Ahira day twelfth the On
Ocran. of son the Pagiel of offering the was this year: first the of lambs five goats, he five rams, five oxen, two offerings, peace of sacrifice a for And
offering: sin a for goats the of kid One
offering: burnt a for year, first the of lamb one ram, one bullock, young One
incense: of full shekels, ten of spoon golden One
offering: meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of full them of both sanctuary; the of shekel the after shekels, seventy of bowl silver one shekels, thirty and hundred an was whereof weight the charger, silver one was offering His
offered: Asher, of children the of prince Ocran, of son the Pagiel day eleventh the On
Ammishaddai. of son the Ahiezer of offering the was this year: first the of lambs five goats, he five rams, five oxen, two offerings, peace of sacrifice a for And
offering: sin a for goats the of kid One
offering: burnt a for year, first the of lamb one ram, one bullock, young One
incense: of full shekels, ten of spoon golden One
offering: meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of full them of both sanctuary; the of shekel the after shekels, seventy of bowl silver one shekels, thirty and hundred an was whereof weight the charger, silver one was offering His
offered: Dan, of children the of prince Ammishaddai, of son the Ahiezer day tenth the On
Gideoni. of son the Abidan of offering the was this year: first the of lambs five goats, he five rams, five oxen, two offerings, peace of sacrifice a for And
offering: sin a for goats the of kid One
offering: burnt a for year, first the of lamb one ram, one bullock, young One
incense: of full shekels, ten of spoon golden One
offering: meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of full them of both sanctuary; the of shekel the after shekels, seventy of bowl silver one shekels, thirty and hundred an was whereof weight the charger, silver one was offering His
offered: Benjamin, of children the of prince Gideoni, of son the Abidan day ninth the On
Pedahzur. of son the Gamaliel of offering the was this year: first the of lambs five goats, he five rams, five oxen, two offerings, peace of sacrifice a for And
offering: sin a for goats the of kid One
offering: burnt a for year, first the of lamb one ram, one bullock, young One
incense: of full shekels, ten of spoon golden One
offering: meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of full them of both sanctuary; the of shekel the after shekels, seventy of bowl silver one shekels, thirty and hundred an of weight the of charger silver one was offering His
Manasseh: of children the of prince Pedahzur, of son the Gamaliel offered day eighth the On
Ammihud. of son the Elishama of offering the was this year: first the of lambs five goats, he five rams, five oxen, two offerings, peace of sacrifice a for And
offering: sin a for goats the of kid One
offering: burnt a for year, first the of lamb one ram, one bullock, young One
incense: of full shekels, ten of spoon golden One
offering: meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of full them of both sanctuary; the of shekel the after shekels, seventy of bowl silver one shekels, thirty and hundred an was whereof weight the charger, silver one was offering His
offered: Ephraim, of children the of prince Ammihud, of son the Elishama day seventh the On
Deuel. of son the Eliasaph of offering the was this year: first the of lambs five goats, he five rams, five oxen, two offerings, peace of sacrifice a for And
offering: sin a for goats the of kid One
offering: burnt a for year, first the of lamb one ram, one bullock, young One
incense: of full shekels, ten of spoon golden One
offering: meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of full them of both sanctuary; the of shekel the after shekels, seventy of bowl silver a shekels, thirty and hundred an of weight the of charger silver one was offering His
offered: Gad, of children the of prince Deuel, of son the Eliasaph day sixth the On
Zurishaddai. of son the Shelumiel of offering the was this year: first the of lambs five goats, he five rams, five oxen, two offerings, peace of sacrifice a for And
offering: sin a for goats the of kid One
offering: burnt a for year, first the of lamb one ram, one bullock, young One
incense: of full shekels, ten of spoon golden One
offering: meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of full them of both sanctuary; the of shekel the after shekels, seventy of bowl silver one shekels, thirty and hundred an was whereof weight the charger, silver one was offering His
offer: did Simeon, of children the of prince Zurishaddai, of son the Shelumiel day fifth the On
Shedeur. of son the Elizur of offering the was this year: first the of lambs five goats, he five rams, five oxen, two offerings, peace of sacrifice a for And
offering: sin a for goats the of kid One
offering: burnt a for year, first the of lamb one ram, one bullock, young One
incense: of full shekels, ten of spoon golden One
offering: meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of full them of both sanctuary; the of shekel the after shekels, seventy of bowl silver one shekels, thirty and hundred an of weight the of charger silver one was offering His
offer: did Reuben, of children the of prince Shedeur, of son the Elizur day fourth the On
Helon. of son the Eliab of offering the was this year: first the of lambs five goats, he five rams, five oxen, two offerings, peace of sacrifice a for And
offering: sin a for goats the of kid One
offering: burnt a for year, first the of lamb one ram, one bullock, young One
incense: of full shekels, ten of spoon golden One
offering: meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of full them of both sanctuary; the of shekel the after shekels, seventy of bowl silver one shekels, thirty and hundred an was whereof weight the charger, silver one was offering His
offer: did Zebulun, of children the of prince Helon, of son the Eliab day third the On
Zuar. of son the Nethaneel of offering the was this year: first the of lambs five goats, he five rams, five oxen, two offerings, peace of sacrifice a for And
offering: sin a for goats the of kid One
offering: burnt a for year, first the of lamb one ram, one bullock, young One
incense: of full shekels, ten of gold of spoon One
offering: meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of full them of both sanctuary; the of shekel the after shekels, seventy of bowl silver one shekels, thirty and hundred an was whereof weight the charger, silver one offering his for offered He
offer: did Issachar, of prince Zuar, of son the Nethaneel day second the On
Amminadab. of son the Nahshon of offering the was this year: first the of lambs five goats, he five rams, five oxen, two offerings, peace of sacrifice a for And
offering: sin a for goats the of kid One
offering: burnt a for year, first the of lamb one ram, one bullock, young One
incense: of full gold, of shekels ten of spoon One
offering: meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of full were them of both sanctuary; the of shekel the after shekels, seventy of bowl silver one shekels, thirty and hundred an was thereof weight the charger, silver one was offering his And
Judah: of tribe the of Amminadab, of son the Nahshon was day first the offering his offered that he And
altar. the of dedicating the for day, his on prince each offering, their offer shall They Moses, unto said Lord the And
altar. the before offering their offered princes the even anointed, was it that day the in altar the of dedicating for offered princes the And
shoulders. their upon bear should they that was them unto belonging sanctuary the of service the because none: gave he Kohath of sons the unto But
priest. the Aaron of son the Ithamar of hand the under service, their unto according Merari, of sons the unto gave he oxen eight and wagons four And
service: their to according Gershon, of sons the unto gave he oxen four and wagons Two
Levites. the unto them gave and oxen, the and wagons the took Moses And
service. his to according man every to Levites, the unto them give shalt thou and congregation; the of tabernacle the of service the do to be may they that them, of it Take
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
tabernacle. the before them brought they and ox: an one each for and princes, the of two for wagon a oxen; twelve and wagons, covered six , Lord the before offering their brought they And
offered: numbered, were that them over were and tribes, the of princes the were who fathers, their of house the of heads Israel, of princes the That
them; sanctified and them, anointed had and thereof, vessels the all and altar the both thereof, instruments the all and it, sanctified and it, anointed had and tabernacle, the up set fully had Moses that day the on pass to came it And
them. bless will I and Israel, of children the upon name my put shall they And
peace. thee give and thee, upon countenance his up lift Lord The
thee: unto gracious be and thee, upon shine face his make Lord The
thee: keep and thee, bless Lord The
them, unto saying Israel, of children the bless shall ye wise this On saying, sons, his unto and Aaron unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
separation. his of law the after do must he so vowed, he which vow the to according get: shall hand his that that beside separation, his for Lord the unto offering his of and vowed, hath who Nazarite the of law the is This
wine. drink may Nazarite the that after and shoulder: heave and breast wave the with priest, the for holy is this : Lord the before offering wave a for them wave shall priest the And
shaven: is separation his of hair the after Nazarite, the of hands the upon them put shall and wafer, unleavened one and basket, the of out cake unleavened one and ram, the of shoulder sodden the take shall priest the And
offerings. peace the of sacrifice the under is which fire the in it put and separation, his of head the of hair the take shall and congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the at separation his of head the shave shall Nazarite the And
offering. drink his and offering, meat his also offer shall priest the bread: unleavened of basket the with , Lord the unto offerings peace of sacrifice a for ram the offer shall he And
offering: burnt his and offering, sin his offer shall and , Lord the before them bring shall priest the And
offerings. drink their and offering, meat their and oil, with anointed bread unleavened of wafers and oil, with mingled flour fine of cakes bread, unleavened of basket a And
offerings, peace for blemish without ram one and offering, sin a for blemish without year first the of lamb ewe one and offering, burnt a for blemish without year first the of lamb he one , Lord the unto offering his offer shall he And
congregation: the of tabernacle the of door the unto brought be shall he fulfilled: are separation his of days the when Nazarite, the of law the is this And
defiled. was separation his because lost, be shall before were that days the but offering: trespass a for year first the of lamb a bring shall and separation, his of days the Lord the unto consecrate shall he And
day. same that head his hallow shall and dead, the by sinned he that for him, for atonement an make and offering, burnt a for other the and offering, sin a for one the offer shall priest the And
congregation: the of tabernacle the of door the to priest, the to pigeons, young two or turtles, two bring shall he day eighth the on And
it. shave he shall day seventh the on cleansing, his of day the in head his shave shall he then consecration; his of head the defiled hath he and him, by suddenly very die man any if And
. Lord the unto holy is he separation his of days the All
head. his upon is God his of consecration the because die: they when sister, his for or brother, his for mother, his for or father, his for unclean himself make not shall He
body. dead no at come shall he Lord the unto himself separateth he that days the All
grow. head his of hair the of locks the let shall and holy, be shall he , Lord the unto himself separateth he which the in fulfilled, be days the until head: his upon come razor no shall there separation his of vow the of days the All
husk. the to even kernels the from tree, vine the of made is that nothing eat he shall separation his of days the All
dried. or grapes, moist eat nor grapes, of liquor any drink he shall neither drink, strong of vinegar or wine, of vinegar no drink shall and drink, strong and wine from himself separate shall He
: Lord the unto themselves separate to Nazarite, a of vow a vow to themselves separate shall woman or man either When them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
iniquity. her bear shall woman this and iniquity, from guiltless be man the shall Then
law. this all her upon execute shall priest the and , Lord the before woman the set shall and wife, his over jealous be he and him, upon cometh jealousy of spirit the when Or
defiled; is and husband, her of instead another to aside goeth wife a when jealousies, of law the is This
seed. conceive shall and free, be shall she then clean; be but defiled, not be woman the if And
people. her among curse a be shall woman the and rot: shall thigh her and swell, shall belly her and bitter, become and her, into enter shall curse the causeth that water the that husband, her against trespass done have and defiled, be she if that, pass, to come shall it then water, the drink to her made hath he when And
water. the drink to woman the cause shall afterward and altar, the upon it burn and thereof, memorial the even offering, the of handful an take shall priest the And
altar: the upon it offer and , Lord the before offering the wave shall and hand, woman's the of out offering jealousy the take shall priest the Then
bitter. become and her, into enter shall curse the causeth that water the and curse: the causeth that water bitter the drink to woman the cause shall he And
water: bitter the with out them blot shall he and book, a in curses these write shall priest the And
amen. Amen, say, shall woman the And rot: to thigh thy and swell, to belly thy make to bowels, thy into go shall curse the causeth that water this And
swell; to belly thy and rot, to thigh thy make doth Lord the when people, thy among oath an and curse a thee make Lord The woman, the unto say shall priest the and cursing, of oath an with woman the charge shall priest the Then
husband: thine beside thee with lain have man some and defiled, be thou if and husband, thy of instead another to aside gone hast thou if But
curse: the causeth that water bitter this from free thou be husband, thy of instead another with uncleanness to aside gone not hast thou if and thee, with lain have man no If woman, the unto say and oath, an by her charge shall priest the And
curse: the causeth that water bitter the hand his in have shall priest the and offering: jealousy the is which hands, her in memorial of offering the put and head, woman's the uncover and , Lord the before woman the set shall priest the And
water: the into it put and take, shall priest the tabernacle the of floor the in is that dust the of and vessel; earthen an in water holy take shall priest the And
: Lord the before her set and near, her bring shall priest the And
remembrance. to iniquity bringing memorial, of offering an jealousy, of offering an is it for thereon; frankincense put nor it, upon oil no pour shall he meal; barley of ephah an of part tenth the her, for offering her bring shall he and priest, the unto wife his bring man the shall Then
defiled: not be she and wife, his of jealous be he and him, upon come jealousy of spirit the if or defiled: be she and wife, his of jealous be he and him, upon come jealousy of spirit the And
manner; the with taken be she neither her, against witness no be there and defiled, be she and close, kept be and husband, her of eyes the from hid be it and carnally, her with lie man a And
him, against trespass a commit and aside, go wife man's any If them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
his. be shall it priest, the giveth man any whatsoever his: be shall things hallowed man's every And
his. be shall priest, the unto bring they which Israel, of children the of things holy the all of offering every And
him. for made be shall atonement an whereby atonement, the of ram the beside priest; the to even , Lord the unto recompensed be trespass the let unto, trespass the recompense to kinsman no have man the if But
trespassed. hath he whom against him unto it give and thereof, part fifth the it unto add and thereof, principal the with trespass his recompense shall he and done: have they which sin their confess shall they Then
guilty; be person that and , Lord the against trespass a do to commit, men that sin any commit shall woman or man a When Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
Israel. of children the did so Moses, unto spake Lord the as camp: the without out them put and so, did Israel of children the And
dwell. I whereof midst the in camps, their not defile they that them; put ye shall camp the without out, put ye shall female and male Both
dead: the by defiled is whosoever and issue, an hath that one every and leper, every camp the of out put they that Israel, of children the Command
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
Moses. commanded Lord the as him, of numbered they were thus burden: his to according and service, his to according one every Moses, of hand the by numbered were they Lord the of commandment the to According
fourscore, and hundred five and thousand eight were them, of numbered were that those Even
congregation. the of tabernacle the in burden the of service the and ministry, the of service the do to came that one every old, years fifty unto even upward and old years thirty From
fathers, their of house the after and families, their after numbered, Israel of chief the and Aaron and Moses whom Levites, the of numbered were that those All
Moses. of hand the by Lord the of word the to according numbered Aaron and Moses whom Merari, of sons the of families the of numbered were that those be These
hundred. two and thousand three were families, their after them of numbered were that those Even
congregation, the of tabernacle the in work the for service, the into entereth that one every old, years fifty unto even upward and old years thirty From
fathers, their of house the by families, their throughout Merari, of sons the of families the of numbered were that those And
. Lord the of commandment the to according number did Aaron and Moses whom congregation, the of tabernacle the in service do might that all of Gershon, of sons the of families the of numbered were that they are These
thirty. and hundred six and thousand two were fathers, their of house the by families, their throughout them, of numbered were that those Even
congregation, the of tabernacle the in work the for service, the into entereth that one every old, years fifty unto even upward and old years thirty From
fathers, their of house the by and families, their throughout Gershon, of sons the of numbered were that those And
Moses. of hand the by Lord the of commandment the to according number did Aaron and Moses which congregation, the of tabernacle the in service do might that all Kohathites, the of families the of numbered were that they were These
fifty. and hundred seven thousand two were families their by them of numbered were that those And
congregation: the of tabernacle the in work the for service, the into entereth that one every old, years fifty unto even upward and old years thirty From
fathers, their of house the after and families, their after Kohathites the of sons the numbered congregation the of chief the and Aaron and Moses And
priest. the Aaron of son the Ithamar of hand the under congregation, the of tabernacle the in service, their all to according Merari, of sons the of families the of service the is This
burden. their of charge the of instruments the reckon shall ye name by and service: their all with and instruments, their all with cords, their and pins, their and sockets, their and about, round court the of pillars the And
thereof, sockets and thereof, pillars the and thereof, bars the and tabernacle, the of boards the congregation; the of tabernacle the in service their all to according burden, their of charge the is this And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of work the do to service, the into entereth that one every them, number thou shalt old years fifty unto even upward and old years thirty From
fathers; their of house the by families, their after them number shalt thou Merari, of sons the for As
priest. the Aaron of son the Ithamar of hand the under be shall charge their and congregation: the of tabernacle the in Gershon of sons the of families the of service the is This
burdens. their all charge in them unto appoint shall ye and service: their all in and burdens, their all in Gershonites, the of sons the of service the all be shall sons his and Aaron of appointment the At
serve. they shall so them: for made is that all and service, their of instruments the all and cords, their and about, round altar the by and tabernacle the by is which court, the of gate the of door the for hanging the and court, the of hangings the And
congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the for hanging the and it, upon above is that skins badgers' the of covering the and covering, his congregation, the of tabernacle the and tabernacle, the of curtains the bear shall they And
burdens: for and serve, to Gershonites, the of families the of service the is This
congregation. the of tabernacle the in work the do to service, the perform to in enter that all them; number thou shalt old years fifty until upward and old years thirty From
families; their by fathers, their of houses the throughout Gershon, of sons the of sum the also Take
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
die. they lest covered, are things holy the when see to in go not shall they But
burden: his to and service his to one every them appoint and in, go shall sons his and Aaron things: holy most the unto approach they when die, not and live, may they that them, unto do thus But
Levites: the among from Kohathites the of families the of tribe the off not ye Cut
saying, Aaron unto and Moses unto spake Lord the And
thereof. vessels the in and sanctuary, the in is, therein that all of and tabernacle, the all of oversight the and oil, anointing the and offering, meat daily the and incense, sweet the and light, the for oil the pertaineth priest the Aaron of son the Eleazar of office the to And
congregation. the of tabernacle the in Kohath of sons the of burden the are things These die. they lest thing, holy any touch not shall they but it: bear to come shall Kohath of sons the that, after forward; set to is camp the as sanctuary, the of vessels the all and sanctuary, the covering of end an made have sons his and Aaron when And
it. of staves the to put and skins, badgers' of covering a it upon spread shall they and altar; the of vessels the all basons, the and shovels, the and fleshhooks, the censers, the even it, about minister they wherewith thereof, vessels the all it upon put shall they And
thereon: cloth purple a spread and altar, the from ashes the away take shall they And
bar: a on them put shall and skins, badgers' of covering a with them cover and blue, of cloth a in them put and sanctuary, the in minister they wherewith ministry, of instruments the all take shall they And
thereof: staves the to put shall and skins, badgers' of covering a with it cover and blue, of cloth a spread shall they altar golden the upon And
bar. a upon it put shall and skins, badgers' of covering a within thereof vessels the all and it put shall they And
it: unto minister they wherewith thereof, vessels oil the all and snuffdishes, his and tongs, his and lamps, his and light, the of candlestick the cover and blue, of cloth a take shall they And
thereof. staves the in put shall and skins, badgers' of covering a with same the cover and scarlet, of cloth a them upon spread shall they And
thereon: be shall bread continual the and withal: cover to covers and bowls, the and spoons, the and dishes, the thereon put and blue, of cloth a spread shall they shewbread of table the upon And
thereof. staves the in put shall and blue, of wholly cloth a it over spread shall and skins, badgers' of covering the thereon put shall And
it: with testimony of ark the cover and vail, covering the down take shall they and sons, his and come, shall Aaron forward, setteth camp the when And
things: holy most the about congregation, the of tabernacle the in Kohath of sons the of service the be shall This
congregation. the of tabernacle the in work the do to host, the into enter that all old, years fifty until even upward and old years thirty From
fathers, their of house the by families, their after Levi, of sons the among from Kohath of sons the of sum the Take
saying, Aaron, unto and Moses unto spake Lord the And
Moses. commanded Lord the as , Lord the of word the to according sons, his to and Aaron unto redeemed were that them of money the gave Moses And
sanctuary: the of shekel the after shekels, five and threescore and hundred three thousand a money; the he took Israel of children the of firstborn the Of
Levites: the by redeemed were that them above and over were that them of money redemption the took Moses And
sons. his to and Aaron unto redeemed, be to is them of number odd the wherewith money, the give shalt thou And
gerahs:) twenty is shekel (the them: take thou shalt sanctuary the of shekel the after poll, the by apiece shekels five take even shalt Thou
Levites; the than more are which Israel, of children the of firstborn the of thirteen and threescore and hundred two the of redeemed be to are that those for And
. Lord the am I mine: be shall Levites the and cattle; their of instead Levites the of cattle the and Israel, of children the among firstborn the all of instead Levites the Take
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
thirteen. and threescore and hundred two thousand two and twenty were them, of numbered were that those of upward, and old month a from names, of number the by males firstborn the all And
Israel. of children the among firstborn the all him, commanded Lord the as numbered, Moses And
Israel. of children the of cattle the among firstlings the all of instead Levites the of cattle the and Israel; of children the among firstborn the all of instead ) Lord the am (I me for Levites the take shalt thou And
names. their of number the take and upward, and old month a from Israel of children the of males the of firstborn the all Number Moses, unto said Lord the And
thousand. two and twenty were upward, and old month a from males the all families, their throughout , Lord the of commandment the at numbered Aaron and Moses which Levites, the of numbered were that All
death. to put be shall nigh cometh that stranger the and Israel; of children the of charge the for sanctuary the of charge the keeping sons, his and Aaron and Moses, be shall eastward, congregation the of tabernacle the before even east, the toward tabernacle the before encamp that those But
cords. their and pins, their and sockets, their and about, round court the of pillars the And
thereto, serveth that all and thereof, vessels the all and thereof, sockets the and thereof, pillars the and thereof, bars the and tabernacle, the of boards the be shall Merari of sons the of charge and custody the under And
northward. tabernacle the of side the on pitch shall these Abihail: of son the Zuriel was Merari of families the of father the of house the of chief the And
hundred. two and thousand six were upward, and old month a from males, the all of number the to according them, of numbered were that those And
Merari. of families the are these Mushites: the of family the and Mahlites, the of family the was Merari Of
sanctuary. the of charge the keep that them of oversight the have and Levites, the of chief the over chief be shall priest the Aaron of son the Eleazar And
thereof. service the all and hanging, the and minister, they wherewith sanctuary the of vessels the and altars, the and candlestick, the and table, the and ark, the be shall charge their And
Uzziel. of son the Elizaphan be shall Kohathites the of families the of father the of house the of chief the And
southward. tabernacle the of side the on pitch shall Kohath of sons the of families The
sanctuary. the of charge the keeping hundred, six and thousand eight were upward, and old month a from males, the all of number the In
Kohathites. the of families the are these Uzzielites: the of family the and Hebronites, the of family the and Izeharites, the of family the and Amramites, the of family the was Kohath of And
thereof. service the all for it of cords the and about, round altar the by and tabernacle, the by is which court, the of door the for curtain the and court, the of hangings the And
congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the for hanging the and thereof, covering the tent, the and tabernacle, the be shall congregation the of tabernacle the in Gershon of sons the of charge the And
Lael. of son the Eliasaph be shall Gershonites the of father the of house the of chief the And
westward. tabernacle the behind pitch shall Gershonites the of families The
hundred. five and thousand seven were them of numbered were that those even upward, and old month a from males, the all of number the to according them, of numbered were that Those
Gershonites. the of families the are these Shimites: the of family the and Libnites, the of family the was Gershon Of
fathers. their of house the to according Levites the of families the are These Mushi. and Mahli, families; their by Merari of sons the And
Uzziel. and Hebron, Izehar, and Amram, families; their by Kohath of sons the And
Shimei. and Libni, families; their by Gershon of sons the of names the are these And
Merari. and Kohath, and Gershon, names; their by Levi of sons the were these And
commanded. was he as , Lord the of word the to according them numbered Moses And
them. number thou shalt upward and old month a from male every families: their by fathers, their of house the after Levi of children the Number
saying, Sinai, of wilderness the in Moses unto spake Lord the And
. Lord the am I be: they shall mine beast: and man both Israel, in firstborn the all me unto hallowed I Egypt of land the in firstborn the all smote I that day the on for mine; are firstborn the all Because
mine; be shall Levites the therefore Israel: of children the among matrix the openeth that firstborn the all of instead Israel of children the among from Levites the taken have I behold, I, And
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
death. to put be shall nigh cometh that stranger the and office: priest's their on wait shall they and sons, his and Aaron appoint shalt thou And
Israel. of children the of out him unto given wholly are they sons: his to and Aaron unto Levites the give shalt thou And
tabernacle. the of service the do to Israel, of children the of charge the and congregation, the of tabernacle the of instruments the all keep shall they And
tabernacle. the of service the do to congregation, the of tabernacle the before congregation whole the of charge the and charge, his keep shall they And
him. unto minister may they that priest, the Aaron before them present and near, Levi of tribe the Bring
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
father. their Aaron of sight the in office priest's the in ministered Ithamar and Eleazar and children: no had they and Sinai, of wilderness the in , Lord the before fire strange offered they when , Lord the before died Abihu and Nadab And
office. priest's the in minister to consecrated he whom anointed, were which priests the Aaron, of sons the of names the are These
Ithamar. and Eleazar, Abihu, and firstborn, the Nadab Aaron; of sons the of names the are these And
Sinai. mount in Moses with spake Lord the that day the in Moses and Aaron of generations the are also These
fathers. their of house the to according families, their after one every forward, set they so and standards, their by pitched they so Moses: commanded Lord the that all to according did Israel of children the And
Moses. commanded Lord the as Israel; of children the among numbered not were Levites the But
fifty. and hundred five and thousand three and thousand hundred six were hosts their throughout camps the of numbered were that those all fathers: their of house the by Israel of children the of numbered were which those are These
standards. their with hindmost go shall They hundred. six and thousand seven and fifty and thousand hundred an were Dan of camp the in numbered were that they All
hundred. four and thousand three and fifty were them, of numbered were that those and host, his And
Enan. of son the Ahira be shall Naphtali of children the of captain the and Naphtali: of tribe the Then
hundred. five and thousand one and forty were them, of numbered were that those and host, his And
Ocran. of son the Pagiel be shall Asher of children the of captain the and Asher: of tribe the be shall him by encamp that those And
hundred. seven and thousand two and threescore were them, of numbered were that those and host, his And
Ammishaddai. of son the Ahiezer be shall Dan of children the of captain the and armies: their by side north the on be shall Dan of camp the of standard The
rank. third the in forward go shall they And armies. their throughout hundred, an and thousand eight and thousand hundred an were Ephraim of camp the of numbered were that All
hundred. four and thousand five and thirty were them, of numbered were that those and host, his And
Gideoni. of son the Abidan be shall Benjamin of sons the of captain the and Benjamin: of tribe the Then
hundred. two and thousand two and thirty were them, of numbered were that those and host, his And
Pedahzur. of son the Gamaliel be shall Manasseh of children the of captain the and Manasseh: of tribe the be shall him by And
hundred. five and thousand forty were them, of numbered were that those and host, his And
Ammihud. of son the Elishama be shall Ephraim of sons the of captain the and armies: their to according Ephraim of camp the of standard the be shall side west the On
standards. their by place his in man every forward, set they shall so encamp, they as camp: the of midst the in Levites the of camp the with forward set shall congregation the of tabernacle the Then
rank. second the in forth set shall they And armies. their throughout fifty, and hundred four and thousand one and fifty and thousand hundred an were Reuben of camp the in numbered were that All
fifty. and hundred six and thousand five and forty were them, of numbered were that those and host, his And
Reuel. of son the Eliasaph be shall Gad of sons the of captain the and Gad: of tribe the Then
hundred. three and thousand nine and fifty were them, of numbered were that those and host, his And
Zurishaddai. of son the Shelumiel be shall Simeon of children the of captain the and Simeon: of tribe the be shall him by pitch which those And
hundred. five and thousand six and forty were thereof, numbered were that those and host, his And
Shedeur. of son the Elizur be shall Reuben of children the of captain the and armies: their to according Reuben of camp the of standard the be shall side south the On
forth. set first shall These armies. their throughout hundred, four and thousand six and thousand fourscore and thousand hundred an were Judah of camp the in numbered were that All
hundred. four and thousand seven and fifty were thereof, numbered were that those and host, his And
Zebulun. of children the of captain be shall Helon of son the Eliab and Zebulun: of tribe the Then
hundred. four and thousand four and fifty were thereof, numbered were that those and host, his And
Issachar. of children the of captain be shall Zuar of son the Nethaneel and Issachar: of tribe the be shall him unto next pitch do that those And
hundred. six and thousand fourteen and threescore were them, of numbered were that those and host, his And
Judah. of children the of captain be shall Amminadab of son the Nahshon and armies: their throughout pitch Judah of camp the of standard the of they shall sun the of rising the toward side east the on And
pitch. they shall congregation the of tabernacle the about off far house: father's their of ensign the with standard, own his by pitch shall Israel of children the of man Every
saying, Aaron, unto and Moses unto spake Lord the And
they. did so Moses, commanded Lord the that all to according did Israel of children the And
testimony. of tabernacle the of charge the keep shall Levites the and Israel: of children the of congregation the upon wrath no be there that testimony, of tabernacle the about round pitch shall Levites the But
hosts. their throughout standard, own his by man every and camp, own his by man every tents, their pitch shall Israel of children the And
death. to put be shall nigh cometh that stranger the and up: it set shall Levites the pitched, be to is tabernacle the when and down: it take shall Levites the forward, setteth tabernacle the when And
tabernacle. the about round encamp shall and it, unto minister shall they and thereof; vessels the all and tabernacle, the bear shall they it: to belong that things all over and thereof, vessels the all over and testimony, of tabernacle the over Levites the appoint shalt thou But
Israel: of children the among them of sum the take neither Levi, of tribe the number not shalt thou Only
saying, Moses, unto spoken had Lord the For
them. among numbered not were fathers their of tribe the after Levites the But
fifty. and hundred five and thousand three and thousand hundred six were numbered were that they all Even
Israel; in war to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from fathers, their of house the by Israel, of children the of numbered were that those all were So
fathers. his of house the for was one each men: twelve being Israel, of princes the and numbered, Aaron and Moses which numbered, were that those are These
hundred. four and thousand three and fifty were Naphtali, of tribe the of even them, of numbered were that Those
war; to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from names, the of number the to according fathers, their of house the by families, their after generations, their throughout Naphtali, of children the Of
hundred. five and thousand one and forty were Asher, of tribe the of even them, of numbered were that Those
war; to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from names, the of number the to according fathers, their of house the by families, their after generations, their by Asher, of children the Of
hundred. seven and thousand two and threescore were Dan, of tribe the of even them, of numbered were that Those
war; to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from names, the of number the to according fathers, their of house the by families, their after generations, their by Dan, of children the Of
hundred. four and thousand five and thirty were Benjamin, of tribe the of even them, of numbered were that Those
war; to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from names, the of number the to according fathers, their of house the by families, their after generations, their by Benjamin, of children the Of
hundred. two and thousand two and thirty were Manasseh, of tribe the of even them, of numbered were that Those
war; to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from names, the of number the to according fathers, their of house the by families, their after generations, their by Manasseh, of children the Of
hundred. five and thousand forty were Ephraim, of tribe the of even them, of numbered were that Those
war; to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from names, the of number the to according fathers, their of house the by families, their after generations, their by Ephraim, of children the of namely, Joseph, of children the Of
hundred. four and thousand seven and fifty were Zebulun, of tribe the of even them, of numbered were that Those
war; to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from names, the of number the to according fathers, their of house the by families, their after generations, their by Zebulun, of children the Of
hundred. four and thousand four and fifty were Issachar, of tribe the of even them, of numbered were that Those
war; to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from names, the of number the to according fathers, their of house the by families, their after generations, their by Issachar, of children the Of
hundred. six and thousand fourteen and threescore were Judah, of tribe the of even them, of numbered were that Those
war; to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from names, the of number the to according fathers, their of house the by families, their after generations, their by Judah, of children the Of
fifty. and hundred six thousand five and forty were Gad, of tribe the of even them, of numbered were that Those
war; to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from names, the of number the to according fathers, their of house the by families, their after generations, their by Gad, of children the Of
hundred. three and thousand nine and fifty were Simeon, of tribe the of even them, of numbered were that Those
war; to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from male every polls, their by names, the of number the to according them, of numbered were that those fathers, their of house the by families, their after generations, their by Simeon, of children the Of
hundred. five and thousand six and forty were Reuben, of tribe the of even them, of numbered were that Those
war; to forth go to able were that all upward, and old years twenty from male every polls, their by names, the of number the to according fathers, their of house the by families, their after generations, their by son, eldest Israel's Reuben, of children the And
Sinai. of wilderness the in them numbered he so Moses, commanded Lord the As
polls. their by upward, and old years twenty from names, the of number the to according fathers, their of house the by families, their after pedigrees their declared they and month, second the of day first the on together congregation the all assembled they And
names: their by expressed are which men these took Aaron and Moses And
Israel. in thousands of heads fathers, their of tribes the of princes congregation, the of renowned the were These
Enan. of son the Ahira Naphtali; Of
Deuel. of son the Eliasaph Gad; Of
Ocran. of son the Pagiel Asher; Of
Ammishaddai. of son the Ahiezer Dan; Of
Gideoni. of son the Abidan Benjamin; Of
Pedahzur. of son the Gamaliel Manasseh; of Ammihud: of son the Elishama Ephraim; of Joseph: of children the Of
Helon. of son the Eliab Zebulun; Of
Zuar. of son the Nethaneel Issachar; Of
Amminadab. of son the Nahshon Judah; Of
Zurishaddai. of son the Shelumiel Simeon; Of
Shedeur. of son the Elizur Reuben; of tribe the of you: with stand shall that men the of names the are these And
fathers. his of house the of head one every tribe; every of man a be shall there you with And
armies. their by them number shall Aaron and thou Israel: in war to forth go to able are that all upward, and old years twenty From
polls; their by male every names, their of number the with fathers, their of house the by families, their after Israel, of children the of congregation the all of sum the ye Take
saying, Egypt, of land the of out come were they after year second the in month, second the of day first the on congregation, the of tabernacle the in Sinai, of wilderness the in Moses unto spake Lord the And
Numbers
Sinai. mount in Israel of children the for Moses commanded Lord the which commandments, the are These
redeemed. be not shall it holy; be shall thereof change the and it both then all, at it change he if and it: change he shall neither bad, or good be it whether search not shall He
. Lord the unto holy be shall tenth the rod, the under passeth whatsoever of even flock, the of or herd, the of tithe the concerning And
thereof. part fifth the thereto add shall he tithes, his of ought redeem all at will man a if And
. Lord the unto holy is it 's: Lord the is tree, the of fruit the of or land, the of seed the of whether land, the of tithe the all And
death. to put be surely shall but redeemed; be shall men, of devoted be shall which devoted, None
. Lord the unto holy most is thing devoted every redeemed: or sold be shall possession, his of field the of and beast, and man of both hath, he that all of Lord the unto devote shall man a that thing, devoted no Notwithstanding
estimation. thy to according sold be shall it then redeemed, not be it if or thereto: it of part fifth a add shall and estimation, thine to according it redeem shall he then beast, unclean an of be it if And
's. Lord the is it sheep: or ox, be it whether it; sanctify shall man no firstling, 's Lord the be should which beasts, the of firstling the Only
shekel. the be shall gerahs twenty sanctuary: the of shekel the to according be shall estimations thy all And
belong. did land the of possession the whom to him to even bought, was it whom of him unto return shall field the jubile the of year the In
. Lord the unto thing holy a as day, that in estimation thine give shall he and jubile: the of year the unto even estimation, thy of worth the him unto reckon shall priest the Then
possession; his of fields the of not is which bought, hath he which field a Lord the unto sanctify man a if And
priest's. the be shall thereof possession the devoted; field a as , Lord the unto holy be shall jubile, the in out goeth it when field, the But
more. any redeemed be not shall it man, another to field the sold have he if or field, the redeem not will he if And
him. to assured be shall it and it, unto estimation thy of money the of part fifth the add shall he then it, redeem wise any in will field the sanctified that he if And
estimation. thy from abated be shall it and jubile, the of year the unto even remain, that years the to according money the him unto reckon shall priest the then jubile, the after field his sanctify he if But
stand. shall it estimation thy to according jubile, of year the from field his sanctify he If
silver. of shekels fifty at valued be shall seed barley of homer an thereof: seed the to according be shall estimation thy then possession, his of field a of part some Lord the unto sanctify shall man a if And
his. be shall it and it, unto estimation thy of money the of part fifth the add shall he then house, his redeem will it sanctified that he if And
stand. it shall so it, estimate shall priest the as bad: or good be it whether it, estimate shall priest the then , Lord the unto holy be to house his sanctify shall man a when And
estimation. thy unto thereof part fifth a add shall he then it, redeem all at will he if But
be. it shall so priest, the art who it, valuest thou as bad: or good be it whether it, value shall priest the And
priest: the before beast the present shall he then , Lord the unto sacrifice a offer not do they which of beast, unclean any be it if And
holy. be shall thereof exchange the and it then beast, for beast change all at shall he if and good: a for bad a or bad, a for good a it, change nor it, alter not shall He
holy. be shall Lord the unto such of giveth man any that all , Lord the unto offering an bring men whereof beast, a be it if And
him. value priest the shall vowed that ability his to according him; value shall priest the and priest, the before himself present shall he then estimation, thy than poorer be he if But
shekels. ten female the for and shekels, fifteen be shall estimation thy then male, a be it if above; and old years sixty from be it if And
silver. of shekels three be shall estimation thy female the for and silver, of shekels five male the of be shall estimation thy then old, years five unto even old month a from be it if And
shekels. ten female the for and shekels, twenty male the of be shall estimation thy then old, years twenty unto even old years five from be it if And
shekels. thirty be shall estimation thy then female, a be it if And
sanctuary. the of shekel the after silver, of shekels fifty be shall estimation thy even old, years sixty unto even old years twenty from male the of be shall estimation thy And
estimation. thy by Lord the for be shall persons the vow, singular a make shall man a When them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
Moses. of hand the by Sinai mount in Israel of children the and him between made Lord the which laws, and judgments and statutes the are These
. Lord the am I God: their be might I that heathen, the of sight the in Egypt of land the of out forth brought I whom ancestors, their of covenant the remember sakes their for will I But
God. their Lord the am I for them: with covenant my break to and utterly, them destroy to them, abhor I will neither away, them cast not will I enemies, their of land the in be they when that, all for yet And
statutes. my abhorred soul their because and judgments, my despised they because even because, iniquity: their of punishment the of accept shall they and them: without desolate lieth she while sabbaths, her enjoy shall and them, of left be shall also land The
land. the remember will I and remember; I will Abraham with covenant my also and Isaac, with covenant my also and Jacob, with covenant my remember I will Then
iniquity: their of punishment the of accept then they and humbled, be hearts uncircumcised their then if enemies; their of land the into them brought have and them, unto contrary walked have also I that And
me; unto contrary walked have they also that and me, against trespassed they which trespass their with fathers, their of iniquity the and iniquity, their confess shall they If
them. with away pine they shall fathers their of iniquities the in also and lands; enemies' your in iniquity their in away pine shall you of left are that they And
up. you eat shall enemies your of land the and heathen, the among perish shall ye And
enemies. your before stand to power no have shall ye and pursueth: none when sword, a before were it as another, upon one fall shall they And
pursueth. none when fall shall they and sword; a from fleeing as flee, shall they and them; chase shall leaf shaken a of sound the and enemies; their of lands the in hearts their into faintness a send will I you of alive left are that them upon And
it. upon dwelt ye when sabbaths, your in rest not did it because rest; shall it desolate lieth it as long As
sabbaths. her enjoy and rest, land the shall then even land; enemies' your in be ye and desolate, lieth it as long as sabbaths, her enjoy land the shall Then
waste. cities your and desolate, be shall land your and you: after sword a out draw will and heathen, the among you scatter will I And
it. at astonished be shall therein dwell which enemies your and desolation: into land the bring will I And
odours. sweet your of savour the smell not will I and desolation, unto sanctuaries your bring and waste, cities your make will I And
you. abhor shall soul my and idols, your of carcases the upon carcases your cast and images, your down cut and places, high your destroy will I And
eat. ye shall daughters your of flesh the and sons, your of flesh the eat shall ye And
sins. your for times seven you chastise will I, even I, and fury; in also you unto contrary walk will I Then
me; unto contrary walk but me, unto hearken this all for not will ye if And
satisfied. be not and eat, shall ye and weight: by again bread your you deliver shall they and oven, one in bread your bake shall women ten bread, your of staff the broken have I when And
enemy. the of hand the into delivered be shall ye and you; among pestilence the send will I cities, your within together gathered are ye when and covenant: my of quarrel the avenge shall that you, upon sword a bring will I And
sins. your for times seven yet you punish will and you, unto contrary walk also I will Then
me; unto contrary walk will but things, these by me by reformed be not will ye if And
desolate. be shall ways high your and number; in few you make and cattle, your destroy and children, your of you rob shall which you, among beasts wild send also will I
sins. your to according you upon plagues more times seven bring will I me; unto hearken not will and me, unto contrary walk ye if And
fruits. their yield land the of trees the shall neither increase, her yield not shall land your for vain: in spent be shall strength your And
brass: as earth your and iron, as heaven your make will I and power; your of pride the break will I And
sins. your for more times seven you punish will I then me, unto hearken this all for yet not will ye if And
you. pursueth none when flee shall ye and you; over reign shall you hate that they enemies: your before slain be shall ye and you, against face my set will I And
it. eat shall enemies your for vain, in seed your sow shall ye and heart: of sorrow cause and eyes, the consume shall that ague, burning the and consumption, terror, you over appoint even will I you; unto this do will also I
covenant: my break ye that but commandments, my all do not will ye that so judgments, my abhor soul your if or statutes, my despise shall ye if And
commandments; these all do not will and me, unto hearken not will ye if But
upright. go you made and yoke, your of bands the broken have I and bondmen; their be not should ye that Egypt, of land the of out forth you brought which God, your Lord the am I
people. my be shall ye and God, your be will and you, among walk will I And
you. abhor not shall soul my and you: among tabernacle my set I And
new. the of because old the forth bring and store, old eat shall ye And
you. with covenant my establish and you, multiply and fruitful, you make and you, unto respect have will I For
sword. the by you before fall shall enemies your and flight: to thousand ten put shall you of hundred an and hundred, an chase shall you of five And
sword. the by you before fall shall they and enemies, your chase shall ye And
land. your through go sword the shall neither land, the of out beasts evil rid will I and afraid: you make shall none and down, lie shall ye and land, the in peace give will I And
safely. land your in dwell and full, the to bread your eat shall ye and time: sowing the unto reach shall vintage the and vintage, the unto reach shall threshing your And
fruit. their yield shall field the of trees the and increase, her yield shall land the and season, due in rain you give will I Then
them; do and commandments, my keep and statutes, my in walk ye If
. Lord the am I sanctuary: my reverence and sabbaths, my keep shall Ye
God. your Lord the am I for it: unto down bow to land, your in stone of image any up set ye shall neither image, standing a up you rear neither image, graven nor idols no you make shall Ye
God. your Lord the am I Egypt: of land the of out forth brought I whom servants my are they servants; are Israel of children the me unto For
him. with children his and he, both jubile, of year the in out go shall he then years, these in redeemed not be he if And
sight. thy in him over rigour with rule not shall other the and him: with be he shall servant hired yearly a as And
redemption. his of price the again him give he shall years his unto according and him, with count shall he then jubile, of year the unto years few but remain there if And
for. bought was he that money the of out redemption his of price the again give shall he them unto according behind, years many yet be there If
him. with be it shall servant hired an of time the to according years, of number the unto according be shall sale his of price the and jubile: of year the unto him to sold was he that year the from him bought that him with reckon shall he And
himself. redeem may he able, be he if or him; redeem may family his of him unto kin of nigh is that any or him, redeem may son, uncle's his or uncle, his Either
him: redeem may brethren his of one again; redeemed be may he sold is he that After
family: stranger's the of stock the to or thee, by sojourner or stranger the unto himself sell and poor, wax him by dwelleth that brother thy and thee, by rich wax stranger or sojourner a if And
rigour. with another over one rule not shall ye Israel, of children the brethren your over but ever: for bondmen your be shall they possession; a for them inherit to you, after children your for inheritance an as them take shall ye And
possession. your be shall they and land: your in begat they which you, with are that families their of and buy, ye shall them of you, among sojourn do that strangers the of children the of Moreover
bondmaids. and bondmen buy ye shall them of you; about round are that heathen the of be shall have, shalt thou which bondmaids, thy and bondmen, thy Both
God. thy fear shalt but rigour; with him over rule not shalt Thou
bondmen. as sold be not shall they Egypt: of land the of out forth brought I which servants, my are they For
return. he shall fathers his of possession the unto and family, own his unto return shall and him, with children his and he both thee, from depart he shall then And
jubile. of year the unto thee serve shall and thee, with be shall he sojourner, a as and servant, hired an as But
bondservant: a as serve to him compel not shalt thou thee; unto sold be and poor, waxen be thee by dwelleth that brother thy if And
God. your be to and Canaan, of land the you give to Egypt, of land the of out forth you brought which God, your Lord the am I
increase. for victuals thy him lend nor usury, upon money thy him give not shalt Thou
thee. with live may brother thy that God; thy fear but increase: or him, of usury no thou Take
thee. with live may he that sojourner; a or stranger, a be he though yea, him: relieve shalt thou then thee; with decay in fallen and poor, waxen be brother thy if And
possession. perpetual their is it for sold; be not may cities their of suburbs the of field the But
Israel. of children the among possession their are Levites the of cities the of houses the for jubile: of year the in out go shall possession, his of city the and sold, was that house the then Levites, the of purchase man a if And
time. any at redeem Levites the may possession, their of cities the of houses the and Levites, the of cities the Notwithstanding
jubile. the in out go shall they and redeemed, be may they country: the of fields the as counted be shall them about round wall no have which villages the of houses the But
jubile. the in out go not shall it generations: his throughout it bought that him to ever for established be shall city walled the in is that house the then year, full a of space the within redeemed not be it if And
it. redeem he may year full a within sold; is it after year whole a within it redeem may he then city, walled a in house dwelling a sell man a if And
possession. his unto return shall he and out, go shall it jubile the in and jubile: of year the until it bought hath that him of hand the in remain shall sold is which that then him, to it restore to able not be he if But
possession. his unto return may he that it; sold he whom to man the unto overplus the restore and thereof, sale the of years the count him let Then
it; redeem to able be himself and it, redeem to none have man the if And
sold. brother his which that redeem he shall then it, redeem to come kin his of any if and possession, his of some away sold hath and poor, waxen be brother thy If
land. the for redemption a grant shall ye possession your of land the all in And
me. with sojourners and strangers are ye for mine, is land the for ever: for sold be not shall land The
store. old the of eat shall ye in come fruits her until year; ninth the until fruit old of yet eat and year, eighth the sow shall ye And
years. three for fruit forth bring shall it and year, sixth the in you upon blessing my command will I Then
increase: our in gather nor sow, not shall we behold, year? seventh the eat we shall What say, shall ye if And
safety. in therein dwell and fill, your eat shall ye and fruit, her yield shall land the And
safety. in land the in dwell shall ye and them; do and judgments, my keep and statutes, my do shall ye Wherefore
God. your Lord the am I God:for thy fear shalt thou but another; one oppress therefore not shall Ye
thee. unto sell he doth fruits the of years the of number the to according for it: of price the diminish shalt thou years of fewness the to according and thereof, price the increase shalt thou years of multitude the to According
thee: unto sell shall he fruits the of years of number the unto according and neighbour, thy of buy shalt thou jubile the after years of number the to According
another: one oppress not shall ye hand, neighbour's thy of ought buyest or neighbour, thy unto ought sell thou if And
possession. his unto man every return shall ye jubile this of year the In
field. the of out thereof increase the eat shall ye you: unto holy be shall it jubile; the is it For
undressed. vine thy of it in grapes the gather nor it, in itself of groweth which that reap neither sow, not shall ye you: unto be year fiftieth that shall jubile A
family. his unto man every return shall ye and possession, his unto man every return shall ye and you; unto jubile a be shall it thereof: inhabitants the all unto land the all throughout liberty proclaim and year, fiftieth the hallow shall ye And
land. your all throughout sound trumpet the make ye shall atonement of day the in month, seventh the of day tenth the on sound to jubile the of trumpet the cause thou shalt Then
years. nine and forty thee unto be shall years of sabbaths seven the of space the and years; seven times seven thee, unto years of sabbaths seven number shalt thou And
meat. be thereof increase the all shall land, thy in are that beast the for and cattle, thy for And
thee. with sojourneth that stranger thy for and servant, hired thy for and maid, thy for and servant, thy for and thee, for you; for meat be shall land the of sabbath the And
land. the unto rest of year a is it for undressed: vine thy of grapes the gather neither reap, not shalt thou harvest thy of accord own its of groweth which That
vineyard. thy prune nor field, thy sow neither shalt thou : Lord the for sabbath a land, the unto rest of sabbath a be shall year seventh the in But
thereof; fruit the in gather and vineyard, thy prune shalt thou years six and field, thy sow shalt thou years Six
. Lord the unto sabbath a keep land the shall then you, give I which land the into come ye When them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Sinai, mount in Moses unto spake Lord the And
Moses. commanded Lord the as did Israel of children the And stones. with him stone and camp, the of out cursed had that him forth bring should they that Israel, of children the to spake Moses And
God. your Lord the am I for country: own your of one for as stranger, the for well as law, of manner one have shall Ye
death. to put be shall he man, a killeth that he and it: restore shall he beast, a killeth that he And
again. him to done be it shall so man, a in blemish a caused hath he as tooth: for tooth eye, for eye breach, for Breach
him; to done be it shall so done, hath he as neighbour; his in blemish a cause man a if And
beast. for beast good; it make shall beast a killeth that he And
death. to put be surely shall man any killeth that he And
death. to put be shall Lord, the of name the blasphemeth he when land, the in born is that he as stranger, the well as him: stone certainly shall congregation the all and death, to put be surely shall he , Lord the of name the blasphemeth that he And
sin. his bear shall God his curseth Whosoever saying, Israel, of children the unto speak shalt thou And
him. stone congregation the all let and head, his upon hands their lay him heard that all let and camp; the without cursed hath that him forth Bring
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
them. shewed be might Lord the of mind the that ward, in him put they And
Dan:) of tribe the of Dibri, of daughter the Shelomith, was name mother's his (and Moses: unto him brought they And cursed. and Lord, the of name the blasphemed son woman's Israelitish the And
camp; the in together strove Israel of man a and woman Israelitish the of son this and Israel: of children the among out went Egyptian, an was father whose woman, Israelitish an of son the And
statute. perpetual a by fire by made Lord the of offerings the of him unto holy most is it for place: holy the in it eat shall they and sons'; his and Aaron's be shall it And
covenant. everlasting an by Israel of children the from taken being continually, Lord the before order in it set shall he sabbath Every
. Lord the unto fire by made offering an even memorial, a for bread the on be may it that row, each upon frankincense pure put shalt thou And
. Lord the before table pure the upon row, a on six rows, two in them set shalt thou And
cake. one in be shall deals tenth two thereof: cakes twelve bake and flour, fine take shalt thou And
continually. Lord the before candlestick pure the upon lamps the order shall He
generations. your in ever for statute a be shall it continually: Lord the before morning the unto evening the from it order Aaron shall congregation, the of tabernacle the in testimony, the of vail the Without
continually. burn to lamps the cause to light, the for beaten olive oil pure thee unto bring they that Israel, of children the Command
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
. Lord the of feasts the Israel of children the unto declared Moses And
God. your Lord the am I Egypt: of land the of out them brought I when booths, in dwell to Israel of children the made I that know may generations your That
booths: in dwell shall born Israelites are that all days; seven booths in dwell shall Ye
month. seventh the in it celebrate shall ye generations: your in ever for statute a be shall It year. the in days seven Lord the unto feast a it keep shall ye And
days. seven God your Lord the before rejoice shall ye and brook; the of willows and trees, thick of boughs the and trees, palm of branches trees, goodly of boughs the day first the on you take shall ye And
sabbath. a be shall day eighth the on and sabbath, a be shall day first the on days: seven Lord the unto feast a keep shall ye land, the of fruit the in gathered have ye when month, seventh the of day fifteenth the in Also
. Lord the unto give ye which offerings, freewill your all beside and vows, your all beside and gifts, your beside and , Lord the of sabbaths the Beside
day: his upon thing every offerings, drink and sacrifice, a offering, meat a and offering, burnt a , Lord the unto fire by made offering an offer to convocations, holy be to proclaim shall ye which , Lord the of feasts the are These
therein. work servile no do shall ye and assembly; solemn a is it : Lord the unto fire by made offering an offer shall ye and you; unto convocation holy an be shall day eighth the on : Lord the unto fire by made offering an offer shall ye days Seven
therein. work servile no do shall ye convocation: holy an be shall day first the On
. Lord the unto days seven for tabernacles of feast the be shall month seventh this of day fifteenth The saying, Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
sabbath. your celebrate ye shall even, unto even from even, at month the of day ninth the in souls: your afflict shall ye and rest, of sabbath a you unto be shall It
dwellings. your all in generations your throughout ever for statute a be shall it work: of manner no do shall Ye
people. his among from destroy I will soul same the day, same that in work any doeth that be it soul whatsoever And
people. his among from off cut be shall he day, same that in afflicted be not shall that be it soul whatsoever For
God. your Lord the before you for atonement an make to atonement, of day a is it for day: same that in work no do shall ye And
. Lord the unto fire by made offering an offer and souls, your afflict shall ye and you; unto convocation holy an be shall it atonement: of day a be shall there month seventh this of day tenth the on Also
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
. Lord the unto fire by made offering an offer shall ye but therein: work servile no do shall Ye
convocation. holy an trumpets, of blowing of memorial a sabbath, a have ye shall month, the of day first the in month, seventh the In saying, Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
God. your Lord the am I stranger: the to and poor, the unto them leave shalt thou harvest: thy of gleaning any gather thou shalt neither reapest, thou when field thy of corners the of riddance clean make not shalt thou land, your of harvest the reap ye when And
generations. your throughout dwellings your all in ever for statute a be shall it therein: work servile no do shall ye you: unto convocation holy an be may it that day, selfsame the on proclaim shall ye And
priest. the for Lord the to holy be shall they lambs: two the with , Lord the before offering wave a for firstfruits the of bread the with them wave shall priest the And
offerings. peace of sacrifice a for year first the of lambs two and offering, sin a for goats the of kid one sacrifice shall ye Then
. Lord the unto savour sweet of fire, by made offering an even offerings, drink their and offering, meat their with , Lord the unto offering burnt a for be shall they rams: two and bullock, young one and year, first the of blemish without lambs seven bread the with offer shall ye And
. Lord the unto firstfruits the are they leaven; with baken be shall they flour; fine of be shall they deals; tenth two of loaves wave two habitations your of out bring shall Ye
. Lord the unto offering meat new a offer shall ye and days; fifty number ye shall sabbath seventh the after morrow the unto Even
complete: be shall sabbaths seven offering; wave the of sheaf the brought ye that day the from sabbath, the after morrow the from you unto count shall ye And
dwellings. your all in generations your throughout ever for statute a be shall it God: your unto offering an brought have ye that day selfsame the until ears, green nor corn, parched nor bread, neither eat shall ye And
hin. an of part fourth the wine, of be shall thereof offering drink the and savour: sweet a for Lord the unto fire by made offering an oil, with mingled flour fine of deals tenth two be shall thereof offering meat the And
. Lord the unto offering burnt a for year first the of blemish without lamb he an sheaf the wave ye when day that offer shall ye And
it. wave shall priest the sabbath the after morrow the on you: for accepted be to , Lord the before sheaf the wave shall he And
priest: the unto harvest your of firstfruits the of sheaf a bring shall ye then thereof, harvest the reap shall and you, unto give I which land the into come be ye When them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
therein. work servile no do shall ye convocation: holy an is day seventh the in days: seven Lord the unto fire by made offering an offer shall ye But
therein. work servile no do shall ye convocation: holy an have shall ye day first the In
bread. unleavened eat must ye days seven : Lord the unto bread unleavened of feast the is month same the of day fifteenth the on And
passover. 's Lord the is even at month first the of day fourteenth the In
seasons. their in proclaim shall ye which convocations, holy even , Lord the of feasts the are These
dwellings. your all in Lord the of sabbath the is it therein: work no do shall ye convocation; holy an rest, of sabbath the is day seventh the but done: be work shall days Six
feasts. my are these even convocations, holy be to proclaim shall ye which , Lord the of feasts the Concerning them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
. Lord the am I God: your be to Egypt, of land the of out you brought That
you, hallow which Lord the am I Israel: of children the among hallowed be will I but name; holy my profane ye shall Neither
. Lord the am I them: do and commandments, my keep ye shall Therefore
. Lord the am I morrow: the until it of none leave shall ye up; eaten be shall it day same the On
will. own your at it offer , Lord the unto thanksgiving of sacrifice a offer will ye when And
day. one in both young her and it kill not shall ye ewe, or cow, be it whether And
. Lord the unto fire by made offering an for accepted be shall it thenceforth and day eighth the from and dam; the under days seven be shall it then forth, brought is goat, a or sheep, a or bullock, a When
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
you. for accepted be not shall they them: in be blemishes and them, in is corruption their because these; of any of God your of bread the offer ye shall hand stranger's a from Neither
land. your in thereof offering any make ye shall neither cut; or broken, or crushed, or bruised, is which that Lord the unto offer not shall Ye
accepted. be not shall it vow a for but offering; freewill a for offer thou mayest that parts, his in lacking or superfluous thing any hath that lamb a or bullock a Either
. Lord the unto altar the upon them of fire by offering an make nor , Lord the unto these offer not shall ye scabbed, or scurvy, or wen, a having or maimed, or broken, or Blind,
therein. blemish no be shall there accepted; be to perfect be shall it sheep, or beeves in offering freewill a or vow, his accomplish to Lord the unto offerings peace of sacrifice a offereth whosoever And
you. for acceptable be not shall it for offer: not ye shall that blemish, a hath whatsoever But
goats. the of or sheep, the of beeves, the of blemish, without male a will own your at offer shall Ye
offering; burnt a for Lord the unto offer will they which offerings, freewill his all for and vows, his all for oblation his offer will that Israel, in strangers the of or Israel, of house the of be he Whatsoever them, unto say and Israel, of children the all unto and sons, his to and Aaron, unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
them. sanctify do Lord the I for things: holy their eat they when trespass, of iniquity the bear to them suffer Or
; Lord the unto offer they which Israel, of children the of things holy the profane not shall they And
thing. holy the with priest the unto it give shall and it, unto thereof part fifth the put shall he then unwittingly, thing holy the of eat man a if And
thereof. eat stranger no be shall there but meat: father's her of eat shall she youth, her in as house, father's her unto returned is and child, no have and divorced, or widow, a be daughter priest's the if But
things. holy the of offering an of eat not may she stranger, a unto married be also daughter priest's the If
meat. his of eat shall they house: his in born is that he and it, of eat shall he money, his with soul any buy priest the if But
thing. holy the of eat not shall servant, hired an or priest, the of sojourner a thing: holy the of eat stranger no shall There
them. sanctify do Lord the I it: profane they if therefore, die and it, for sin bear they lest ordinance, mine keep therefore shall They
. Lord the am I therewith; himself defile to eat not shall he beasts, with torn is or itself, of dieth which That
food. his is it because things; holy the of eat afterward shall and clean, be shall he down, is sun the when And
water. with flesh his wash he unless things, holy the of eat not shall and even, until unclean be shall such any touched hath which soul The
hath; he uncleanness whatsoever uncleanness, take may he whom of man a or unclean, made be may he whereby thing, creeping any toucheth whosoever Or
him; from goeth seed whose man a or dead, the by unclean is that thing any toucheth whoso And clean. be he until things, holy the of eat not shall he issue; running a hath or leper, a is Aaron of seed the of soever man What
. Lord the am I presence: my from off cut be shall soul that him, upon uncleanness his having , Lord the unto hallow Israel of children the which things, holy the unto goeth that generations, your among seed your all of be he Whosoever them, unto Say
. Lord the am I me: unto hallow they which things those in name holy my not profane they that and Israel, of children the of things holy the from themselves separate they that sons, his to and Aaron unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
Israel. of children the all unto and sons, his to and Aaron, unto it told Moses And
them. sanctify do Lord the I for sanctuaries: my not profane he that blemish; a hath he because altar, the unto nigh come nor vail, the unto in go not shall he Only
holy. the of and holy, most the of both God, his of bread the eat shall He
God. his of bread the offer to nigh come not shall he blemish; a hath he fire: by made Lord the of offerings the offer to nigh come shall priest the Aaron of seed the of blemish a hath that man No
broken; stones his hath or scabbed, or scurvy, be or eye, his in blemish a hath that or dwarf, a or crookbackt, Or
brokenhanded, or brokenfooted, is that man a Or
superfluous, thing any or nose, flat a hath that he or lame, a or man, blind a approach: not shall he blemish, a hath that be he man whatsoever For
God. his of bread the offer to approach not him let blemish, any hath that generations their in seed thy of be he Whosoever saying, Aaron, unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
him. sanctify do Lord the I for people: his among seed his profane he shall Neither
wife. to people own his of virgin a take shall he but take: not he shall these harlot, an or profane, or woman, divorced a or widow, A
virginity. her in wife a take shall he And
. Lord the am I him: upon is God his of oil anointing the of crown the for God; his of sanctuary the profane nor sanctuary, the of out go he shall Neither
mother; his for or father, his for himself defile nor body, dead any to in go he shall Neither
clothes; his rend nor head, his uncover not shall garments, the on put to consecrated is that and poured, was oil anointing the head whose upon brethren, his among priest high the is that he And
fire. with burnt be shall she father: her profaneth she whore, the playing by herself profane she if priest, any of daughter the And
holy. am you, sanctify which , Lord the I for thee: unto holy be shall he God: thy of bread the offereth he for therefore; him sanctify shalt Thou
God. his unto holy is he for husband: her from away put woman a take they shall neither profane; or whore, a is that wife a take not shall They
holy. be shall they therefore offer: do they God, their of bread the and fire, by made Lord the of offerings the for God: their of name the profane not and God, their unto holy be shall They
flesh. their in cuttings any make nor beard, their of corner the off shave they shall neither head, their upon baldness make not shall They
himself. profane to people, his among man chief a being himself, defile not shall he But
defiled. be he may her for husband; no had hath which him, unto nigh is that virgin, a sister his for And
brother. his for and daughter, his for and son, his for and father, his for and mother, his for is, that him, unto near is that kin, his for But
people: his among dead the for defiled be none shall There them, unto say and Aaron, of sons the priests the unto Speak Moses, unto said Lord the And
them. upon be shall blood their stones: with them stone shall they death: to put be surely shall wizard, a is that or spirit, familiar a hath that woman or also man A
mine. be should ye that people, other from you severed have and holy, am Lord the I for me: unto holy be shall ye And
unclean. as you from separated have I which ground, the on creepeth that thing living of manner any by or fowl, by or beast, by abominable souls your make not shall ye and clean: and fowls unclean between and unclean, and beasts clean between difference put therefore shall Ye
people. other from you separated have which God, your Lord the am I honey: and milk with floweth that land a it, possess to you unto it give will I and land, their inherit shall Ye you, unto said have I But
them. abhorred I therefore and things, these all committed they for you: before out cast I which nation, the of manners the in walk not shall ye And
out. not you spue therein, dwell to you bring I whither land, the that them: do and judgments, my all and statutes, my all keep therefore shall Ye
childless. be shall they nakedness; brother's his uncovered hath he thing: unclean an is it wife, brother's his take shall man a if And
childless. die shall they sin; their bear shall they nakedness: uncle's his uncovered hath he wife, uncle's his with lie shall man a if And
iniquity. their bear shall they kin: near his uncovereth he for sister: father's thy of nor sister, mother's thy of nakedness the uncover not shalt thou And
people. their among from off cut be shall them of both and blood: her of fountain the uncovered hath she and fountain, her discovered hath he nakedness; her uncover shall and sickness, her having woman a with lie shall man a if And
iniquity. his bear shall he nakedness; sister's his uncovered hath he people: their of sight the in off cut be shall they and thing; wicked a is it nakedness; his see she and nakedness, her see and daughter, mother's his or daughter, father's his sister, his take shall man a if And
them. upon be shall blood their death; to put be surely shall they beast: the and woman, the kill shalt thou thereto, down lie and beast, any unto approach woman a if And
beast. the slay shall ye and death: to put be surely shall he beast, a with lie man a if And
you. among wickedness no be there that they; and he both fire, with burnt be shall they wickedness: is it mother, her and wife a take man a if And
them. upon be shall blood their death; to put be surely shall they abomination: an committed have them of both woman, a with lieth he as mankind, with lie also man a If
them. upon be shall blood their confusion; wrought have they death: to put be surely shall them of both law, in daughter his with lie man a if And
them. upon be shall blood their death; to put be surely shall them of both nakedness: father's his uncovered hath wife father's his with lieth that man the And
death. to put be surely shall adulteress the and adulterer the wife, neighbour's his with adultery committeth that he even wife, man's another with adultery committeth that man the And
him. upon be shall blood his mother; his or father his cursed hath he death: to put surely be shall mother his or father his curseth that one every For
you. sanctify which Lord the am I them: do and statutes, my keep shall ye And
God. your Lord the am I for holy: ye be and therefore, yourselves Sanctify
people. his among from off him cut will and soul, that against face my set even will I them, after whoring a go to wizards, after and spirits, familiar have as such after turneth that soul the And
people. their among from Molech, with whoredom commit to him, after whoring a go that all and off, him cut will and family, his against and man, that against face my set will I Then
not: him kill and Molech, unto seed his of giveth he when man, the from eyes their hide ways any do land the of people the if And
name. holy my profane to and sanctuary, my defile to Molech, unto seed his of given hath he because people; his among from off him cut will and man, that against face my set will I And
stones. with him stone shall land the of people the death: to put be surely shall he Molech; unto seed his of any giveth that Israel, in sojourn that strangers the of or Israel, of children the of be he Whosoever Israel, of children the to say shalt thou Again,
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
. Lord the am I them: do and judgments, my all and statutes, my all observe ye shall Therefore
Egypt. of land the of out you brought which God, your Lord the am I have: ye shall hin, just a and ephah, just a weights, just balances, Just
measure. in or weight, in meteyard, in judgment, in unrighteousness no do shall Ye
God. your Lord the am I Egypt: of land the in strangers were ye for thyself; as him love shalt thou and you, among born one as you unto be shall you with dwelleth that stranger the But
him. vex not shall ye land, your in thee with sojourn stranger a if And
. Lord the am I God: thy fear and man, old the of face the honour and head, hoary the before up rise shalt Thou
God. your Lord the am I them: by defiled be to wizards, after seek neither spirits, familiar have that them not Regard
. Lord the am I sanctuary: my reverence and sabbaths, my keep shall Ye
wickedness. of full become land the and whoredom, to fall land the lest whore; a be to her cause to daughter, thy prostitute not Do
. Lord the am I you: upon marks any print nor dead, the for flesh your in cuttings any make not shall Ye
beard. thy of corners the mar thou shalt neither heads, your of corners the round not shall Ye
times. observe nor enchantment, use ye shall neither blood: the with thing any eat not shall Ye
God. your Lord the am I thereof: increase the you unto yield may it that thereof, fruit the of eat ye shall year fifth the in And
withal. Lord the praise to holy be shall thereof fruit the all year fourth the in But
of. eaten be not shall it you: unto uncircumcised as be it shall years three uncircumcised: as thereof fruit the count shall ye then food, for trees of manner all planted have shall and land, the into come shall ye when And
him. forgiven be shall done hath he which sin the and done: hath he which sin his for Lord the before offering trespass the of ram the with him for atonement an make shall priest the And
offering. trespass a for ram a even congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the unto , Lord the unto offering trespass his bring shall he And
free. not was she because death, to put be not shall they scourged; be shall she her; given freedom nor redeemed, all at not and husband, an to betrothed bondmaid, a is that woman, a with carnally lieth whosoever And
thee. upon come woollen and linen of mingled garment a shall neither seed: mingled with field thy sow not shalt thou kind: diverse a with gender cattle thy let not shalt Thou statutes. my keep shall Ye
. Lord the am I thyself: as neighbour thy love shalt thou but people, thy of children the against grudge any bear nor avenge, not shalt Thou
him. upon sin suffer not and neighbour, thy rebuke wise any in shalt thou heart: thine in brother thy hate not shalt Thou
. Lord the am I neighbour; thy of blood the against stand thou shalt neither people: thy among talebearer a as down and up go not shalt Thou
neighbour. thy judge thou shalt righteousness in but mighty: the of person the honor nor poor, the of person the respect not shalt thou judgment: in unrighteousness no do shall Ye
. Lord the am I God: thy fear shalt but blind, the before stumblingblock a put nor deaf, the curse not shalt Thou
morning. the until night all thee with abide not shall hired is that him of wages the him: rob neither neighbour, thy defraud not shalt Thou
. Lord the am I God: thy of name the profane thou shalt neither falsely, name my by swear not shall ye And
another. to one lie neither falsely, deal neither steal, not shall Ye
God. your Lord the am I stranger: and poor the for them leave shalt thou vineyard; thy of grape every gather thou shalt neither vineyard, thy glean not shalt thou And
harvest. thy of gleanings the gather thou shalt neither field, thy of corners the reap wholly not shalt thou land, your of harvest the reap ye when And
people. his among from off cut be shall soul that and : Lord the of thing hallowed the profaned hath he because iniquity, his bear shall it eateth that one every Therefore
accepted. be not shall it abominable; is it day, third the on all at eaten be it if And
fire. the in burnt be shall it day, third the until remain ought if and morrow: the on and it, offer ye day same the eaten be shall It
will. own your at it offer shall ye , Lord the unto offerings peace of sacrifice a offer ye if And
God. your Lord the am I gods: molten yourselves to make nor idols, unto not ye Turn
God. your Lord the am I sabbaths: my keep and father, his and mother, his man every fear shall Ye
holy. am God your Lord the I for holy: be shall Ye them, unto say and Israel, of children the of congregation the all unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
God. your Lord the am I therein: yourselves not defile ye that and you, before committed were which customs, abominable these of one any not commit ye that ordinance, mine keep ye shall Therefore
people. their among from off cut be shall them commit that souls the even abominations, these of any commit shall whosoever For
you. before were that nations the out spued it as it, defile ye when also, out you not spue land the That
defiled;) is land the and you, before were which done, land the of men the have abominations these all (For
you: among sojourneth that stranger any nor nation, own your of any neither abominations; these of any commit not shall and judgments, my and statutes my keep therefore shall Ye
inhabitants. her out vomiteth itself land the and it, upon thereof iniquity the visit do I therefore defiled: is land the And
you: before out cast I which defiled are nations the these all in for things: these of any in yourselves ye not Defile
confusion. is it thereto: down lie to beast a before stand woman any shall neither therewith: thyself defile to beast any with lie thou shalt Neither
abomination. is it womankind: with as mankind, with lie not shalt Thou
. Lord the am I God: thy of name the profane thou shalt neither Molech, to fire the through pass seed thy of any let not shalt thou And
her. with thyself defile to wife, neighbour's thy with carnally lie not shalt thou Moreover
uncleanness. her for apart put is she as long as nakedness, her uncover to woman a unto approach not shalt thou Also
time. life her in other the beside nakedness, her uncover to her, vex to sister, her to wife a take thou shalt Neither
wickedness. is it kinswomen: near her are they for nakedness; her uncover to daughter, daughter's her or daughter, son's her take thou shalt neither daughter, her and woman a of nakedness the uncover not shalt Thou
nakedness. brother's thy is it wife: brother's thy of nakedness the uncover not shalt Thou
nakedness. her uncover not shalt thou wife; son's thy is she law: in daughter thy of nakedness the uncover not shalt Thou
aunt. thine is she wife: his to approach not shalt thou brother, father's thy of nakedness the uncover not shalt Thou
kinswoman. near mother's thy is she for sister: mother's thy of nakedness the uncover not shalt Thou
kinswoman. near father's thy is she sister: father's thy of nakedness the uncover not shalt Thou
nakedness. her uncover not shalt thou sister, thy is she father, thy of begotten daughter, wife's father's thy of nakedness The
nakedness. own thine is theirs for uncover: not shalt thou nakedness their even daughter, daughter's thy of or daughter, son's thy of nakedness The
uncover. not shalt thou nakedness their even abroad, born or home, at born be she whether mother, thy of daughter or father, thy of daughter the sister, thy of nakedness The
nakedness. father's thy is it uncover: not thou shalt wife father's thy of nakedness The
nakedness. her uncover not shalt thou mother; thy is she uncover: not thou shalt mother, thy of nakedness the or father, thy of nakedness The
. Lord the am I nakedness: their uncover to him, to kin of near is that any to approach shall you of None
. Lord the am I them: in live shall he do, man a if which judgments: my and statutes, my keep therefore shall Ye
God. your Lord the am I therein: walk to ordinances, mine keep and judgments, my do shall Ye
ordinances. their in walk ye shall neither do: not ye shall you, bring I whither Canaan, of land the of doings the after and do: not ye shall dwelt, ye wherein Egypt, of land the of doings the After
God. your Lord the am I them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
iniquity. his bear shall he then flesh; his bathe nor not, them wash he if But
clean. be he shall then even: the until unclean be and water, in himself bathe and clothes, his wash both shall he stranger, a or country, own your of one be it whether beasts, with torn was which that or itself, of died which that eateth that soul every And
off. cut be shall it eateth whosoever thereof: blood the is flesh all of life the for flesh: of manner no of blood the eat shall Ye Israel, of children the unto said I therefore thereof: life the for is it of blood the flesh; all of life the is it For
dust. with it cover and thereof, blood the out pour even shall he eaten; be may that fowl or beast any catcheth and hunteth which you, among sojourn that strangers the of or Israel, of children the of be there man whatsoever And
blood. eat you among sojourneth that stranger any shall neither blood, eat shall you of soul No Israel, of children the unto said I Therefore
soul. the for atonement an maketh that blood the is it for souls: your for atonement an make to altar the upon you to it given have I and blood: the in is flesh the of life the For
people. his among from off him cut will and blood, eateth that soul that against face my set even will I blood; of manner any eateth that you, among sojourn that strangers the of or Israel, of house the of be there man whatsoever And
people. his among from off cut be shall man that even ; Lord the unto it offer to congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the unto not it bringeth And
sacrifice, or offering burnt a offereth that you, among sojourn which strangers the of or Israel, of house the of be there man Whatsoever them, unto say shalt thou And
generations. their throughout them unto ever for statute a be shall This whoring. a gone have they whom after devils, unto sacrifices their offer more no shall they And
. Lord the unto savour sweet a for fat the burn and congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the at Lord the of altar the upon blood the sprinkle shall priest the And
. Lord the unto offerings peace for them offer and priest, the unto congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the unto , Lord the unto them bring may they that even field, open the in offer they which sacrifices, their bring may Israel of children the that end the To
people: his among from off cut be shall man that and blood; shed hath he man; that unto imputed be shall blood ; Lord the of tabernacle the before Lord the unto offering an offer to congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the unto not it bringeth And
camp, the of out it killeth that or camp, the in goat, or lamb, or ox, an killeth that Israel, of house the of be there soever man What
saying, commanded, hath Lord the which thing the is This them; unto say and Israel, of children the all unto and sons, his unto and Aaron, unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
Moses. commanded Lord the as did he And year. a once sins their all for Israel of children the for atonement an make to you, unto statute everlasting an be shall this And
congregation. the of people the all for and priests, the for atonement an make shall he and altar, the for and congregation, the of tabernacle the for atonement an make shall he and sanctuary, holy the for atonement an make shall he And
garments: holy the even clothes, linen the on put shall and atonement, the make shall stead, father's his in office priest's the in minister to consecrate shall he whom and anoint, shall he whom priest, the And
ever. for statute a by souls, your afflict shall ye and you, unto rest of sabbath a be shall It
. Lord the before sins your all from clean be may ye that you, cleanse to you, for atonement an make priest the shall day that on For
you: among sojourneth that stranger a or country, own your of one be it whether all, at work no do and souls, your afflict shall ye month, the of day tenth the on month, seventh the in that you: unto ever for statute a be shall this And
camp. the into come shall he afterward and water, in flesh his bathe and clothes, his wash shall them burneth that he And
dung. their and flesh, their and skins, their fire the in burn shall they and camp; the without forth carry one shall place, holy the in atonement make to in brought was blood whose offering, sin the for goat the and offering, sin the for bullock the And
camp. the into come afterward and water, in flesh his bathe and clothes, his wash shall scapegoat the for goat the go let that he And
altar. the upon burn he shall offering sin the of fat the And
people. the for and himself, for atonement an make and people, the of offering burnt the and offering, burnt his offer and forth, come and garments, his on put and place, holy the in water with flesh his wash shall he And
there: them leave shall and place, holy the into went he when on put he which garments, linen the off put shall and congregation, the of tabernacle the into come shall Aaron And
wilderness. the in goat the go let shall he and inhabited: not land a unto iniquities their all him upon bear shall goat the And
wilderness: the into man fit a of hand the by away him send shall and goat, the of head the upon them putting sins, their all in transgressions their all and Israel, of children the of iniquities the all him over confess and goat, live the of head the upon hands his both lay shall Aaron And
goat: live the bring shall he altar, the and congregation, the of tabernacle the and place, holy the reconciling of end an made hath he when And
Israel. of children the of uncleanness the from it hallow and it, cleanse and times, seven finger his with it upon blood the of sprinkle shall he And
about. round altar the of horns the upon it put and goat, the of blood the of and bullock, the of blood the of take shall and it; for atonement an make and , Lord the before is that altar the unto out go shall he And
Israel. of congregation the all for and household, his for and himself, for atonement an made have and out, come he until place, holy the in atonement an make to in goeth he when congregation the of tabernacle the in man no be shall there And
uncleanness. their of midst the in them among remaineth that congregation, the of tabernacle the for do he shall so and sins: their all in transgressions their of because and Israel, of children the of uncleanness the of because place, holy the for atonement an make shall he And
seat: mercy the before and seat, mercy the upon it sprinkle and bullock, the of blood the with did he as blood that with do and vail, the within blood his bring and people, the for is that offering, sin the of goat the kill he shall Then
times. seven finger his with blood the of sprinkle he shall seat mercy the before and eastward; seat mercy the upon finger his with it sprinkle and bullock, the of blood the of take shall he And
not: die he that testimony, the upon is that seat mercy the cover may incense the of cloud the that , Lord the before fire the upon incense the put shall he And
vail: the within it bring and small, beaten incense sweet of full hands his and , Lord the before altar the off from fire of coals burning of full censer a take shall he And
himself: for is which offering sin the of bullock the kill shall and house, his for and himself, for atonement an make shall and himself, for is which offering, sin the of bullock the bring shall Aaron And
wilderness. the into scapegoat a for go him let to and him, with atonement an make to , Lord the before alive presented be shall scapegoat, the be to fell lot the which on goat, the But
offering. sin a for him offer and fell, lot 's Lord the which upon goat the bring shall Aaron And
scapegoat. the for lot other the and , Lord the for lot one goats; two the upon lots cast shall Aaron And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the at Lord the before them present and goats, two the take shall he And
house. his for and himself, for atonement an make and himself, for is which offering, sin the of bullock his offer shall Aaron And
offering. burnt a for ram one and offering, sin a for goats the of kids two Israel of children the of congregation the of take shall he And
on. them put so and water, in flesh his wash he shall therefore garments; holy are these attired: be he shall mitre linen the with and girdle, linen a with girded be shall and flesh, his upon breeches linen the have shall he and coat, linen holy the on put shall He
offering. burnt a for ram a and offering, sin a for bullock young a with place: holy the into come Aaron shall Thus
seat. mercy the upon cloud the in appear will I for not: die he that ark; the upon is which seat, mercy the before vail the within place holy the into times all at not come he that brother, thy Aaron unto Speak Moses, unto said Lord the And
died; and , Lord the before offered they when Aaron, of sons two the of death the after Moses unto spake Lord the And
unclean. is that her with lieth that him of and woman, the of and man, the of issue, an hath that him of and flowers, her of sick is that her of And
therewith; defiled is and him, from goeth seed whose him of and issue, an hath that him of law the is This
them. among is that tabernacle my defile they when uncleanness, their in not die they that uncleanness; their from Israel of children the separate ye shall Thus
uncleanness. her of issue the for Lord the before her for atonement an make shall priest the and offering; burnt a for other the and offering, sin a for one the offer shall priest the And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the to priest, the unto them bring and pigeons, young two or turtles, two her unto take shall she day eighth the on And
clean. be shall she that after and days, seven herself to number shall she then issue, her of cleansed be she if But
even. the until unclean be and water, in himself bathe and clothes, his wash shall and unclean, be shall things those toucheth whosoever And
separation. her of uncleanness the as unclean, be shall upon sitteth she whatsoever and separation: her of bed the as her unto be shall issue her of days the all lieth she whereon bed Every
unclean. be shall she separation: her of days the as be shall uncleanness her of issue the of days the all separation; her of time the beyond run it if or separation, her of time the of out days many blood her of issue an have woman a if And
unclean. be shall lieth he whereon bed the all and days; seven unclean be shall he him, upon be flowers her and all, at her with lie man any if And
even. the until unclean be shall he it, toucheth he when sitteth, she whereon thing any on or bed, her on be it if And
even. the until unclean be and water, in himself bathe and clothes, his wash shall upon sat she that thing any toucheth whosoever And
even. the until unclean be and water, in himself bathe and clothes, his wash shall bed her toucheth whosoever And
unclean. be shall upon sitteth she that also thing every unclean: be shall separation her in upon lieth she that thing every And
even. the until unclean be shall her toucheth whosoever and days: seven apart put be shall she blood, be flesh her in issue her and issue, an have woman a if And
even. the until unclean be and water, in themselves bathe both shall they copulation, of seed with lie shall man whom with also woman The
even. the until unclean be and water, with washed be shall copulation, of seed the is whereon skin, every and garment, every And
even. the until unclean be and water, in flesh his all wash shall he then him, from out go copulation of seed man's any if And
issue. his for Lord the before him for atonement an make shall priest the and offering; burnt a for other the and offering, sin a for one the them, offer shall priest the And
priest: the unto them give and congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the unto Lord the before come and pigeons, young two or turtledoves, two him to take shall he day eighth the on And
clean. be shall and water, running in flesh his bathe and clothes, his wash and cleansing, his for days seven himself to number shall he then issue; his of cleansed is issue an hath that he when And
water. in rinsed be shall wood of vessel every and broken: be shall issue, the hath which toucheth he that earth, of vessel the And
even. the until unclean be and water, in himself bathe and clothes, his wash shall he water, in hands his rinsed not hath and issue, the hath that toucheth he whomsoever And
even. the until unclean be and water, in himself bathe and clothes, his wash shall things those of any beareth that he and even: the until unclean be shall him under was that thing any toucheth whosoever And
unclean. be shall issue the hath that upon rideth he soever saddle what And
even. the until unclean be and water, in himself bathe and clothes, his wash shall he then clean; is that him upon spit issue the hath that he if And
even. the until unclean be and water, in himself bathe and clothes, his wash shall issue the hath that him of flesh the toucheth that he And
even. the until unclean be and water, in himself bathe and clothes, his wash shall issue the hath that sat he whereon thing any on sitteth that he And
even. the until unclean be and water, in himself bathe and clothes, his wash shall bed his toucheth whosoever And
unclean. be shall sitteth, he whereon thing, every and unclean: is issue, the hath that lieth he whereon bed, Every
uncleanness. his is it issue, his from stopped be flesh his or issue, his with run flesh his whether issue: his in uncleanness his be shall this And
unclean. is he issue his of because flesh, his of out issue running a hath man any When them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Aaron, to and Moses unto spake Lord the And
leprosy. of law the is this clean: is it when and unclean, is it when teach To
spot: bright a for and scab, a for and rising, a for And
house, a of and garment, a of leprosy the for And
scall, and leprosy, of plague of manner all for law the is This
clean. be shall it and house: the for atonement an make and fields, open the into city the of out bird living the go let shall he But
scarlet: the with and hyssop, the with and wood, cedar the with and bird, living the with and water, running the with and bird, the of blood the with house the cleanse shall he And
times: seven house the sprinkle and water, running the in and bird, slain the of blood the in them dip and bird, living the and scarlet, the and hyssop, the and wood, cedar the take shall he And
water: running over vessel earthen an in birds the of one the kill shall he And
hyssop: and scarlet, and wood, cedar and birds, two house the cleanse to take shall he And
healed. is plague the because clean, house the pronounce shall priest the then plaistered: was house the after house, the in spread not hath plague the behold, and, it, upon look and in, come shall priest the if And
clothes. his wash shall house the in eateth that he and clothes; his wash shall house the in lieth that he And
even. the until unclean be shall up shut is it that while the all house the into goeth that he Moreover
place. unclean an into city the of out forth them carry shall he and house; the of morter the all and thereof, timber the and it, of stones the house, the down break shall he And
unclean. is it house; the in leprosy fretting a is it house, the in spread be plague the if behold, and, look, and come shall priest the Then
plaistered; is it after and house, the scraped hath he after and stones, the away taken hath he that after house, the in out break and again, come plague the if And
house. the plaister shall and morter, other take shall he and stones; those of place the in them put and stones, other take shall they And
place: unclean an into city the without off scrape they that dust the out pour shall they and about, round within scraped be to house the cause shall he And
city: the without place unclean an into them cast shall they and is, plague the which in stones the away take they that command shall priest the Then
house; the of walls the in spread be plague the if behold, and, look: shall and day, seventh the again come shall priest the And
days: seven house the up shut and house, the of door the to house the of out go shall priest the Then
wall; the than lower are sight in which reddish, or greenish strakes, hollow with house the of walls the in be plague the if behold, and, plague, the on look shall he And
house: the see to in go shall priest the afterward and unclean: made not be house the in is that all that plague, the see to it into go priest the before house, the empty they that command shall priest the Then
house: the in plague a were it as is there me to seemeth It saying, priest, the tell and come shall house the owneth that he And
possession; your of land the of house a in leprosy of plague the put I and possession, a for you to give I which Canaan, of land the into come be ye When
saying, Aaron, unto and Moses unto spake Lord the And
cleansing. his to pertaineth which that get to able not is hand whose leprosy, of plague the is whom in him of law the is This
. Lord the before cleansed be to is that him for atonement an make shall priest the and offering: meat the with offering, burnt a for other the and offering, sin a for one the get, to able is he as such Even
get; can he as such pigeons, young the of or turtledoves, the of one the offer shall he And
. Lord the before him for atonement an make to cleansed, be to is that him of head the upon put shall he hand priest's the in is that oil the of rest the And
offering: trespass the of blood the of place the upon foot, right his of toe great the upon and hand, right his of thumb the upon and cleansed, be to is that him of ear right the of tip the upon hand his in is that oil the of put shall priest the And
: Lord the before times seven hand left his in is that oil the of some finger right his with sprinkle shall priest the And
hand: left own his of palm the into oil the of pour shall priest the And
foot: right his of toe great the upon and hand, right his of thumb the upon and cleansed, be to is that him of ear right the of tip the upon it put and offering, trespass the of blood the of some take shall priest the and offering, trespass the of lamb the kill shall he And
: Lord the before offering wave a for them wave shall priest the and oil, of log the and offering, trespass the of lamb the take shall priest the And
. Lord the before congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the unto priest, the unto cleansing his for day eighth the on them bring shall he And
offering. burnt a other the and offering, sin a be shall one the and get; to able is he as such pigeons, young two or turtledoves, two And
oil; of log a and offering, meat a for oil with mingled flour fine of deal tenth one and him, for atonement an make to waved, be to offering trespass a for lamb one take shall he then much; so get cannot and poor, be he if And
clean. be shall he and him, for atonement an make shall priest the and altar: the upon offering meat the and offering burnt the offer shall priest the And
offering: burnt the kill shall he afterward and uncleanness; his from cleansed be to is that him for atonement an make and offering, sin the offer shall priest the And
. Lord the before him for atonement an make shall priest the and cleansed: be to is that him of head the upon pour shall he hand priest's the in is that oil the of remnant the And
offering: trespass the of blood the upon foot, right his of toe great the upon and hand, right his of thumb the upon and cleansed, be to is that him of ear right the of tip the upon put priest the shall hand his in is that oil the of rest the of And
: Lord the before times seven finger his with oil the of sprinkle shall and hand, left his in is that oil the in finger right his dip shall priest the And
hand: left own his of palm the into it pour and oil, of log the of some take shall priest the And
foot: right his of toe great the upon and hand, right his of thumb the upon and cleansed, be to is that him of ear right the of tip the upon it put shall priest the and offering, trespass the of blood the of some take shall priest the And
holy: most is it offering: trespass the is so priest's, the is offering sin the as for place: holy the in offering, burnt the and offering sin the kill shall he where place the in lamb the slay shall he And
: Lord the before offering wave a for them wave and oil, of log the and offering, trespass a for him offer and lamb, he one take shall priest the And
congregation: the of tabernacle the of door the at , Lord the before things, those and clean, made be to is that man the present shall clean him maketh that priest the And
oil. of log one and oil, with mingled offering, meat a for flour fine of deals tenth three and blemish, without year first the of lamb ewe one and blemish, without lambs he two take shall he day eighth the on And
clean. be shall he and water, in flesh his wash shall he also clothes, his wash shall he and off: shave shall he hair his all even eyebrows, his and beard his and head his off hair his all shave shall he that day, seventh the on be shall it But
days. seven tent his of out abroad tarry shall and camp, the into come shall he that after and clean: be may he that water, in himself wash and hair, his all off shave and clothes, his wash shall cleansed be to is that he And
field. open the into loose bird living the let shall and clean, him pronounce shall and times, seven leprosy the from cleansed be to is that him upon sprinkle shall he And
water: running the over killed was that bird the of blood the in bird living the and them dip shall and hyssop, the and scarlet, the and wood, cedar the and it, take shall he bird, living the for As
water: running over vessel earthen an in killed be birds the of one that command shall priest the And
hyssop: and scarlet, and wood, cedar and clean, and alive birds two cleansed be to is that him for take to command priest the shall Then
leper; the in healed be leprosy of plague the if behold, and, look, shall priest the and camp; the of out forth go shall priest the And
priest: the unto brought be shall He cleansing: his of day the in leper the of law the be shall This
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
unclean. it pronounce to or clean, it pronounce to skins, of thing any or woof, or warp, the in either linen, or woollen of garment a in leprosy of plague the of law the is This
clean. be shall and time, second the washed be shall it then them, from departed be plague the if wash, shalt thou which be, it skin of thing whatsoever or woof, or warp, either garment, the And
fire. with is plague the wherein that burn shalt thou plague: spreading a is it skin; of thing any in or woof, the in or warp, the in either garment, the in still appear it if And
woof: the of out or warp, the of out or skin, the of out or garment, the of out it rend shall he then it; of washing the after dark somewhat be plague the behold, and, look, priest the if And
without. or within bare be it whether inward, fret is it fire; the in it burn shalt thou unclean; is it spread; not be plague the and colour, his changed not have plague the if behold, and, washed: is it that after plague, the on look shall priest the And
more: days seven up it shut shall he and is, plague the wherein thing the wash they that command shall priest the Then
skin; of thing any in or woof, the in or warp, the in either garment, the in spread not be plague the behold, and, look, shall priest the if And
fire. the in burnt be shall it leprosy; fretting a is it for is: plague the wherein skin, of thing any or linen, in or woollen in woof, or warp whether garment, that burn therefore shall He
unclean. is it leprosy; fretting a is plague the skin; of made is that work any in or skin, a in or woof, the in or warp, the in either garment, the in spread be plague the if day: seventh the on plague the on look shall he And
days: seven plague the hath that it up shut and plague, the upon look shall priest the And
priest: the unto shewed be shall and leprosy, of plague a is it skin; of thing any in or woof, the in or warp, the in either skin, the in or garment, the in reddish or greenish be plague the if And
skin; of made thing any in or skin, a in whether woollen; of or linen, of woof; or warp, the in be it Whether
garment; linen a or garment, woollen a be it whether in, is leprosy of plague the that also garment The
be. habitation his shall camp the without alone; dwell shall he unclean: is he defiled; be shall he him in be shall plague the wherein days the All
unclean. Unclean, cry, shall and lip, upper his upon covering a put shall he and bare, head his and rent, be shall clothes his is, plague the whom in leper the And
head. his in is plague his unclean; utterly him pronounce shall priest the unclean: is he man, leprous a is He
flesh; the of skin the in appeareth leprosy the as forehead, bald his in or head, bald his in reddish white be sore the of rising the if behold, and, it: upon look shall priest the Then
forehead. bald his or head, bald his in up sprung leprosy a is it sore; reddish white a forehead, bald or head, bald the in be there if And
clean. he is yet bald: forehead is he face, his toward head his of part the from off fallen hair his hath that he And
clean. he is yet bald; is he head, his off fallen is hair whose man the And
clean. is he skin; the in groweth that spot freckled a is it white; darkish be flesh their of skin the in spots bright the if behold, and, look: shall priest the Then
spots; bright white even spots, bright flesh their of skin the in have woman a or also man a If
clean. him pronounce shall priest the and clean: is he healed, is scall the therein; up grown hair black is there that and stay, a at sight his in be scall the if But
unclean. is he hair; yellow for seek not shall priest the skin, the in spread be scall the if behold, and, him: on look shall priest the Then
cleansing; his after skin the in much spread scall the if But
clean. be and clothes, his wash shall he and clean: him pronounce shall priest the then skin; the than deeper sight in be nor skin, the in spread not be scall the if behold, and, scall: the on look shall priest the day seventh the in And
more: days seven scall the hath that him up shut shall priest the and shave; not he shall scall the but shaven, be shall He
skin; the than deeper sight in not be scall the and hair, yellow no it in be there and not, spread scall the if behold, and, plague: the on look shall priest the day seventh the in And
days: seven scall the of plague the hath that him up shut shall priest the then it; in hair black no is there that and skin, the than deeper sight in not be it behold, and, scall, the of plague the on look priest the if And
beard. or head the upon leprosy a even scall, dry a is it unclean: him pronounce shall priest the then hair; thin yellow a it in be there and skin; the than deeper sight in be it if behold, and, plague: the see shall priest the Then
beard; the or head the upon plague a have woman or man a If
burning. the of inflammation an is it for clean: him pronounce shall priest the and burning, the of rising a is it dark; somewhat be it but skin, the in not spread and place, his in stay spot bright the if And
leprosy. of plague the is it unclean: him pronounce shall priest the then skin, the in abroad much spread be it if and day: seventh the him upon look shall priest the And
days: seven up him shut shall priest the then dark; somewhat be but skin, other the than lower no be it and spot, bright the in hair white no be there behold, and, it, on look priest the if But
leprosy. of plague the is it unclean: him pronounce shall priest the wherefore burning: the of out broken leprosy a is it skin; the than deeper sight in be it and white, turned be spot bright the in hair the if behold, and, it: upon look shall priest the Then
white; or reddish, somewhat spot, bright white a have burneth that flesh quick the and burning, hot a is there whereof skin the in flesh, any be there if Or
clean. him pronounce shall priest the and boil; burning a is it not, spread and place, his in stay spot bright the if But
plague. a is it unclean: him pronounce shall priest the then skin, the in abroad much spread it if And
days: seven up him shut shall priest the then dark; somewhat be but skin, the than lower not be it if and therein, hairs white no be there behold, and, it, on look priest the if But
boil. the of out broken leprosy of plague a is it unclean: him pronounce shall priest the white; turned be thereof hair the and skin, the than lower sight in be it behold, it, seeth priest the when if, And
priest; the to shewed be it and reddish, somewhat and white, spot, bright a or rising, white a be there boil the of place the in And
healed, is and boil, a was thereof, skin the in even which, in also, flesh The
clean. is he plague: the hath that clean him pronounce shall priest the then white; into turned be plague the if behold, and, him: see shall priest the And
priest; the unto come shall he white, unto changed be and again, turn flesh raw the if Or
leprosy. a is it unclean: is flesh raw the for unclean: be to him pronounce and flesh, raw the see shall priest the And
unclean. be shall he him, in appeareth flesh raw when But
clean. is he white: turned all is it plague: the hath that clean him pronounce shall he flesh, his all covered have leprosy the if behold, and, consider: shall priest the Then
looketh; priest the wheresoever foot, his to even head his from plague the hath that him of skin the all cover leprosy the and skin, the in abroad out break leprosy a if And
unclean. is he for up: him shut not shall and unclean, him pronounce shall priest the and flesh, his of skin the in leprosy old an is It
rising; the in flesh raw quick be there and white, hair the turned have it and skin, the in white be rising the if behold, and, him: see shall priest the And
priest; the unto brought be shall he then man, a in is leprosy of plague the When
leprosy. a is it unclean: him pronounce shall priest the then skin, the in spreadeth scab the behold, that, see priest the if And
again. priest the of seen be shall he cleansing, his for priest the of seen been hath he that after skin, the in abroad much spread scab the if But
clean. be and clothes, his wash shall he and scab: a but is it clean: him pronounce shall priest the skin, the in not spread plague the and dark, somewhat be plague the if behold, and, day: seventh the again him on look shall priest the And
more: days seven up him shut shall priest the then skin; the in not spread plague the and stay, a at be sight his in plague the if behold, and, day: seventh the him on look shall priest the And
days: seven plague the hath that him up shut shall priest the then white; turned not be thereof hair the and skin, the than deeper not be sight in and flesh, his of skin the in white be spot bright the If
unclean. him pronounce and him, on look shall priest the and leprosy: of plague a is it flesh, his of skin the than deeper be sight in plague the and white, turned is plague the in hair the when and flesh: the of skin the in plague the on look shall priest the And
priests: the sons his of one unto or priest, the Aaron unto brought be shall he then leprosy; of plague the like flesh his of skin the in be it and spot, bright or scab, a rising, a flesh his of skin the in have shall man a When
saying, Aaron, and Moses unto spake Lord the And
clean. be shall she and her, for atonement an make shall priest the and offering: sin a for other the and offering, burnt the for one the pigeons; young two or turtles, two bring shall she then lamb, a bring to able not be she if And
female. a or male a born hath that her for law the is This blood. her of issue the from cleansed be shall she and her; for atonement an make and , Lord the before it offer shall Who
priest: the unto congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the unto offering, sin a for turtledove, a or pigeon, young a and offering, burnt a for year first the of lamb a bring shall she daughter, a for or son, a for fulfilled, are purifying her of days the when And
days. six and threescore purifying her of blood the in continue shall she and separation: her in as weeks, two unclean be shall she then child, maid a bear she if But
fulfilled. be purifying her of days the until sanctuary, the into come nor thing, hallowed no touch shall she days; thirty and three purifying her of blood the in continue then shall she And
circumcised. be shall foreskin his of flesh the day eighth the in And
unclean. be she shall infirmity her for separation the of days the to according days; seven unclean be shall she then child: man a born and seed, conceived have woman a If saying, Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
eaten. be not may that beast the and eaten be may that beast the between and clean, the and unclean the between difference a make To
earth: the upon creepeth that creature every of and waters, the in moveth that creature living every of and fowl, the of and beasts, the of law the is This
holy. am I for holy, be therefore shall ye God: your be to Egypt, of land the of out up you bringeth that Lord the am I For
earth. the upon creepeth that thing creeping of manner any with yourselves defile ye shall neither holy: am I for holy; be shall ye and yourselves, sanctify therefore shall ye God: your Lord the am I For
thereby. defiled be should ye that them, with unclean yourselves make ye shall neither creepeth, that thing creeping any with abominable yourselves make not shall Ye
abomination. an are they for eat; not shall ye them earth, the upon creep that things creeping all among feet more hath whatsoever or four, all upon goeth whatsoever and belly, the upon goeth Whatsoever
eaten. be not shall it abomination; an be shall earth the upon creepeth that thing creeping every And
even. the until unclean be and clothes, his wash shall it of carcase the beareth that also he even: the until unclean be and clothes, his wash shall it of carcase the of eateth that he And
even. the until unclean be shall thereof carcase the toucheth that he die; eat, may ye which of beast, any if And
you. unto unclean be shall it thereon, fall carcase their of part any and seed, the upon put be water any if But
clean. be shall it sown, be to is which seed sowing any upon fall carcase their of part any if And
unclean. be shall carcase their toucheth which that but clean: be shall water, of plenty is there wherein pit, or fountain a Nevertheless
you. unto unclean be shall and unclean are they for down: broken be shall they pots, for ranges or oven, be it whether unclean; be shall falleth carcase their of part any whereupon thing every And
unclean. be shall vessel such every in drunk be may that drink all and unclean: be shall cometh water such which on that eaten, be may which meat all Of
it. break shall ye and unclean; be shall it in is whatsoever falleth, them of any whereinto vessel, earthen every And
cleansed. be shall it so even; the until unclean be shall it and water, into put be must it done, is work any wherein be, it vessel whatsoever sack, or skin, or raiment, or wood, of vessel any be it whether unclean; be shall it fall, doth dead, are they when them, of any whatsoever upon And
even. the until unclean be shall dead, be they when them, touch doth whosoever creep: that all among you to unclean are These
mole. the and snail, the and lizard, the and chameleon, the and ferret, the And
kind, his after tortoise the and mouse, the and weasel, the earth; the upon creep that things creeping the among you unto unclean be shall also These
you. unto unclean are they even: the until unclean be and clothes, his wash shall them of carcase the beareth that he And
even. the until unclean be shall carcase their toucheth whoso you: unto unclean are those four, all on go that beasts of manner all among paws, his upon goeth whatsoever And
unclean. be shall them toucheth that one every you: unto unclean are cud, the cheweth nor clovenfooted, not is and hoof, the divideth which beast every of carcases The
even. the until unclean be and clothes, his wash shall them of carcase the of ought beareth whosoever And
even. the until unclean be shall them of carcase the toucheth whosoever unclean: be shall ye these for And
you. unto abomination an be shall feet, four have which things, creeping flying other all But
kind. his after grasshopper the and kind, his after beetle the and kind, his after locust bald the and kind, his after locust the eat; may ye them of these Even
earth; the upon withal leap to feet, their above legs have which four, all upon goeth that thing creeping flying every of eat ye may these Yet
you. unto abomination an be shall four, all upon going creep, that fowls All
bat. the and lapwing, the and kind, her after heron the stork, the And
eagle, gier the and pelican, the and swan, the And
owl, great the and cormorant, the and owl, little the And
kind, his after hawk the and cuckow, the and hawk, night the and owl, the And
kind; his after raven Every
kind; his after kite the and vulture, the And
ospray, the and ossifrage, the and eagle, the abomination: an are they eaten, be not shall they fowls; the among abomination in have shall ye which they are these And
you. unto abomination an be shall that waters, the in scales nor fins no hath Whatsoever
abomination. in carcases their have shall ye but flesh, their of eat not shall ye you; unto abomination an even be shall They
you: unto abomination an be shall they waters, the in is which thing living any of and waters, the in move that all of rivers, the in and seas, the in scales and fins not have that all And
eat. ye shall them rivers, the in and seas, the in waters, the in scales and fins hath whatsoever waters: the in are that all of eat ye shall These
you. to unclean are they touch; not ye shall carcase their and eat, not ye shall flesh their Of
you. to unclean is he cud; the not cheweth he yet clovenfooted, be and hoof, the divide he though swine, the And
you. unto unclean is he hoof; the not divideth but cud, the cheweth he because hare, the And
you. unto unclean is he hoof; the not divideth but cud, the cheweth he because coney, the And
you. unto unclean is he hoof; the not divideth but cud, the cheweth he because camel, the as hoof: the divide that them of or cud, the chew that them of eat not ye shall these Nevertheless
eat. ye shall that beasts, the among cud, the cheweth and clovenfooted, is and hoof, the parteth Whatsoever
earth. the on are that beasts the all among eat shall ye which beasts the are These saying, Israel, of children the unto Speak
them, unto saying Aaron, to and Moses unto spake Lord the And
content. was he that, heard Moses when And
? Lord the of sight the in accepted been have it should day, to offering sin the eaten had I if and me: befallen have things such and ; Lord the before offering burnt their and offering sin their offered they have day this Behold, Moses, unto said Aaron And
commanded. I as place, holy the in it eaten have indeed should ye place: holy the within in brought not was it of blood the Behold,
? Lord the before them for atonement make to congregation, the of iniquity the bear to you it given hath God and holy, most is it seeing place, holy the in offering sin the eaten not ye have Wherefore
saying, alive, left were which Aaron of sons the Ithamar, and Eleazar with angry was he and burnt: was it behold, and, offering, sin the of goat the sought diligently Moses And
commanded. hath Lord the as ever; for statute a by thee, with sons' thy and thine, be shall it and ; Lord the before offering wave a for it wave to fat, the of fire by made offerings the with bring they shall breast wave the and shoulder heave The
Israel. of children the of offerings peace of sacrifices the of out given are which due, sons' thy and due, thy be they for thee: with daughters thy and sons, thy and thou, place; clean a in eat ye shall shoulder heave and breast wave the And
commanded. am I so for fire: by made Lord the of sacrifices the of due, sons' thy and due, thy is it because place, holy the in it eat shall ye And
holy: most is it for altar: the beside leaven without it eat and fire, by made Lord the of offerings the of remaineth that offering meat the Take left, were that sons his Ithamar, unto and Eleazar unto and Aaron, unto spake Moses And
Moses. of hand the by them unto spoken hath Lord the which statutes the all Israel of children the teach may ye that And
clean; and unclean between and unholy, and holy between difference put may ye that And
generations: your throughout ever for statute a be shall it die: ye lest congregation, the of tabernacle the into go ye when thee, with sons thy nor thou, drink, strong nor wine drink not Do
saying, Aaron, unto spake Lord the And
Moses. of word the to according did they And you. upon is Lord the of oil anointing the for die: ye lest congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the from out go not shall ye And
kindled. hath Lord the which burning the bewail Israel, of house whole the brethren, your let but people: the all upon come wrath lest and die, ye lest clothes; your rend neither heads, your not Uncover sons, his Ithamar, unto and Eleazar unto and Aaron, unto said Moses And
said. had Moses as camp; the of out coats their in them carried and near, went they So
camp. the of out sanctuary the before from brethren your carry near, Come them, unto said and Aaron, of uncle the Uzziel of sons the Elzaphan, and Mishael called Moses And
peace. his held Aaron And glorified. be will I people the all before and me, nigh come that them in sanctified be will I saying, spake, Lord the that it is This Aaron, unto said Moses Then
. Lord the before died they and them, devoured and , Lord the from fire out went there And
not. them commanded he which , Lord the before fire strange offered and thereon, incense put and therein, fire put and censer, his them of either took Aaron, of sons the Abihu, and Nadab And
faces. their on fell and shouted, they saw, people the all when which fat: the and offering burnt the altar the upon consumed and , Lord the before from out fire a came there And
people. the all unto appeared Lord the of glory the and people: the blessed and out, came and congregation, the of tabernacle the into went Aaron and Moses And
offerings. peace and offering, burnt the and offering, sin the of offering from down came and them, blessed and people, the toward hand his up lifted Aaron And
commanded. Moses as ; Lord the before offering wave a for waved Aaron shoulder right the and breasts the And
altar: the upon fat the burnt he and breasts, the upon fat the put they And
liver: the above caul the and kidneys, the and inwards, the covereth which that and rump, the ram, the of and bullock the of fat the And
about, round altar the upon sprinkled he which blood, the him unto presented sons Aaron's and people: the for was which offerings, peace of sacrifice a for ram the and bullock the also slew He
morning. the of sacrifice burnt the beside altar, the upon it burnt and thereof, handful an took and offering, meat the brought he And
manner. the to according it offered and offering, burnt the brought he And
first. the as sin, for it offered and it, slew and people, the for offering sin the was which goat, the took and offering, people's the brought he And
altar. the on offering burnt the upon them burnt and legs, the and inwards the wash did he And
altar. the upon them burnt he and head: the and thereof, pieces the with him, unto offering burnt the presented they And
altar. the upon about round sprinkled he which blood, the him unto presented sons Aaron's and offering; burnt the slew he And
camp. the without fire with burnt he hide the and flesh the And
Moses. commanded Lord the as altar; the upon burnt he offering, sin the of liver the above caul the and kidneys, the and fat, the But
altar: the of bottom the at blood the out poured and altar, the of horns the upon it put and blood, the in finger his dipped he and him: unto blood the brought Aaron of sons the And
himself. for was which offering, sin the of calf the slew and altar, the unto went therefore Aaron
commanded. Lord the as them; for atonement an make and people, the of offering the offer and people: the for and thyself, for atonement an make and offering, burnt thy and offering, sin thy offer and altar, the unto Go Aaron, unto said Moses And
you. unto appear shall Lord the of glory the and do: should ye that commanded Lord the which thing the is This said, Moses And
. Lord the before stood and near drew congregation the all and congregation: the of tabernacle the before commanded Moses which that brought they And
you. unto appear will Lord the day to for oil: with mingled offering meat a and ; Lord the before sacrifice to offerings, peace for ram a and bullock a Also
offering; burnt a for blemish, without year, first the of both lamb, a and calf a and offering; sin a for goats the of kid a ye Take saying, speak, shalt thou Israel of children the unto And
. Lord the before them offer and blemish, without offering, burnt a for ram a and offering, sin a for calf young a thee Take Aaron, unto said he And
Israel; of elders the and sons, his and Aaron called Moses that day, eighth the on pass to came it And
Moses. of hand the by commanded Lord the which things all did sons his and Aaron So
commanded. am I so for not: die ye that , Lord the of charge the keep and days, seven night and day congregation the of tabernacle the of door the at abide ye shall Therefore
you. for atonement an make to do, to commanded hath Lord the so day, this done hath he As
you. consecrate he shall days seven for end: an at be consecration your of days the until days, seven in congregation the of tabernacle the of door the of out go not shall ye And
fire. with burn ye shall bread the of and flesh the of remaineth which that And
it. eat shall sons his and Aaron saying, commanded, I as consecrations, of basket the in is that bread the with it eat there and congregation: the of tabernacle the of door the at flesh the Boil sons, his to and Aaron unto said Moses And
him. with garments sons' his and sons, his and garments, his and Aaron, sanctified and him; with garments sons' his upon and sons, his upon and garments, his upon and Aaron, upon it sprinkled and altar, the upon was which blood the of and oil, anointing the of took Moses And
Moses. commanded Lord the as part; Moses' was it consecration of ram the of for : Lord the before offering wave a for it waved and breast, the took Moses And
. Lord the unto fire by made offering an is it savour: sweet a for consecrations were they offering: burnt the upon altar the on them burnt and hands, their off from them took Moses And
. Lord the before offering wave a for them waved and hands, sons' his upon and hands, Aaron's upon all put he And
shoulder: right the upon and fat, the on them put and wafer, one and bread, oiled of cake a and cake, unleavened one took he , Lord the before was that bread, unleavened of basket the of out And
shoulder: right the and fat, their and kidneys, two the and liver, the above caul the and inwards, the upon was that fat the all and rump, the and fat, the took he And
about. round altar the upon blood the sprinkled Moses and feet: right their of toes great the upon and hands, right their of thumbs the upon and ear, right their of tip the upon blood the of put Moses and sons, Aaron's brought he And
foot. right his of toe great the upon and hand, right his of thumb the upon and ear, right Aaron's of tip the upon it put and it, of blood the of took Moses and it; slew he And
ram. the of head the upon hands their laid sons his and Aaron and consecration: of ram the ram, other the brought he And
Moses. commanded Lord the as ; Lord the unto fire by made offering an and savour, sweet a for sacrifice burnt a was it altar: the upon ram whole the burnt Moses and water; in legs the and inwards the washed he And
fat. the and pieces, the and head, the burnt Moses and pieces; into ram the cut he And
about. round altar the upon blood the sprinkled Moses and it; killed he And
ram. the of head the upon hands their laid sons his and Aaron and offering: burnt the for ram the brought he And
Moses. commanded Lord the as camp; the without fire with burnt he dung, his and flesh, his hide, his and bullock, the But
altar. the upon it burned Moses and fat, their and kidneys, two the and liver, the above caul the and inwards, the upon was that fat the all took he And
it. upon reconciliation make to it, sanctified and altar, the of bottom the at blood the poured and altar, the purified and finger, his with about round altar the of horns the upon it put and blood, the took Moses and it; slew he And
offering. sin the for bullock the of head the upon hands their laid sons his and Aaron and offering: sin the for bullock the brought he And
Moses. commanded Lord the as them; upon bonnets put and girdles, with them girded and them, upon coats put and sons, Aaron's brought Moses And
him. sanctify to him, anointed and head, Aaron's upon oil anointing the of poured he And
them. sanctify to foot, his and laver the both vessels, his all and altar the anointed and times, seven altar the upon thereof sprinkled he And
them. sanctified and therein, was that all and tabernacle the anointed and oil, anointing the took Moses And
Moses. commanded Lord the as crown; holy the plate, golden the put he did forefront, his upon even mitre, the upon also head; his upon mitre the put he And
Thummim. the and Urim the breastplate the in put he also him: upon breastplate the put he And
therewith. him unto it bound and ephod, the of girdle curious the with him girded he and him, upon ephod the put and robe, the with him clothed and girdle, the with him girded and coat, the him upon put he And
water. with them washed and sons, his and Aaron brought Moses And
done. be to commanded Lord the which thing the is This congregation, the unto said Moses And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the unto together gathered was assembly the and him; commanded Lord the as did Moses And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the unto together congregation the all thou gather And
bread; unleavened of basket a and rams, two and offering, sin the for bullock a and oil, anointing the and garments, the and him, with sons his and Aaron Take
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
Sinai. of wilderness the in , Lord the unto oblations their offer to Israel of children the commanded he that day the in Sinai, mount in Moses commanded Lord the Which
offerings; peace the of sacrifice the of and consecrations, the of and offering, trespass the of and offering, sin the of and offering, meat the of offering, burnt the of law the is This
generations. their throughout ever for statute a by them, anointed he that day the in Israel, of children the of them given be to commanded Lord the Which
office; priest's the in Lord the unto minister to them presented he when day the in fire, by made Lord the of offerings the of out sons, his of anointing the of and Aaron, of anointing the of portion the is This
Israel. of children the among from ever for statute a by sons his unto and priest the Aaron unto them given have and offerings, peace their of sacrifices the off from Israel of children the of taken I have shoulder heave the and breast wave the For
part. his for shoulder right the have shall fat, the and offerings, peace the of blood the offereth that Aaron, of sons the among He
offerings. peace your of sacrifices the of offering heave an for priest the unto give ye shall shoulder right the And
sons'. his and Aaron's be shall breast the but altar: the upon fat the burn shall priest the And
. Lord the before offering wave a for waved be may breast the that bring, he shall it breast, the with fat the fire, by made Lord the of offerings the bring shall hands own His
offerings. peace his of sacrifice the of Lord the unto oblation his bring shall Lord the unto offerings peace his of sacrifice the offereth that He saying, Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
people. his from off cut be shall soul that even blood, of manner any eateth that be it soul Whatsoever
dwellings. your of any in beast, of or fowl of be it whether blood, of manner no eat shall ye Moreover
people. his from off cut be shall it eateth that soul the even , Lord the unto fire by made offering an offer men which of beast, the of fat the eateth whosoever For
it. of eat wise no in shall ye but use: other any in used be may beasts, with torn is which that of fat the and itself, of dieth that beast the of fat the And
goat. of or sheep, of or ox, of fat, of manner no eat shall Ye saying, Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
people. his from off cut be shall soul that even , Lord the unto pertain which offerings, peace of sacrifice the of flesh the of eat and thing, unclean abominable any or beast, unclean any or man, of uncleanness the as thing, unclean any touch shall that soul the Moreover
people. his from off cut be shall soul that even him, upon uncleanness his having , Lord the unto pertain that offerings, peace of sacrifice the of flesh the of eateth that soul the But
thereof. eat shall clean be that all flesh, the for as and fire: with burnt be shall it eaten; be not shall thing unclean any toucheth that flesh the And
iniquity. his bear shall it of eateth that soul the and abomination, an be shall it it: offereth that him unto imputed be it shall neither accepted, be not shall it day, third the on all at eaten be offerings peace his of sacrifice the of flesh the of any if And
fire. with burnt be shall day third the on sacrifice the of flesh the of remainder the But
eaten: be shall it of remainder the also morrow the on and sacrifice: his offereth he that day same the eaten be shall it offering, voluntary a or vow, a be offering his of sacrifice the if But
morning. the until it of any leave not shall he offered; is it that day same the eaten be shall thanksgiving for offerings peace his of sacrifice the of flesh the And
offerings. peace the of blood the sprinkleth that priest's the be shall it and , Lord the unto offering heave an for oblation whole the of out one offer shall he it of And
offerings. peace his of thanksgiving of sacrifice the with bread leavened offering his for offer shall he cakes, the Besides
fried. flour, fine of oil, with mingled cakes and oil, with anointed wafers unleavened and oil, with mingled cakes unleavened thanksgiving of sacrifice the with offer shall he then thanksgiving, a for it offer he If
. Lord the unto offer shall he which offerings, peace of sacrifice the of law the is this And
another. as much as one have, Aaron of sons the all shall dry, and oil, with mingled offering, meat every And
it. offereth that priest's the be shall pan, the in and fryingpan, the in dressed is that all and oven, the in baken is that offering meat the all And
offered. hath he which offering burnt the of skin the himself to have shall priest the even offering, burnt man's any offereth that priest the And
it. have shall therewith atonement maketh that priest the them: for law one is there offering: trespass the is so is, offering sin the As
holy. most is it place: holy the in eaten be shall it thereof: eat shall priests the among male Every
offering. trespass a is it : Lord the unto fire by made offering an for altar the upon them burn shall priest the And
away: take he shall it kidneys, the with liver, the above is that caul the and flanks, the by is which them, on is that fat the and kidneys, two the And
inwards, the covereth that fat the and rump, the thereof; fat the all it of offer shall he And
altar. the upon about round sprinkle he shall thereof blood the and offering: trespass the kill they shall offering burnt the kill they where place the In
holy. most is it offering: trespass the of law the is this Likewise
fire. the in burnt be shall it eaten: be shall place, holy the in withal reconcile to congregation the of tabernacle the into brought is blood the of any whereof offering, sin no And
holy. most is it thereof: eat shall priests the among males the All
water. in rinsed and scoured, both be shall it pot, brasen a in sodden be it if and broken: be shall sodden is it wherein vessel earthen the But
place. holy the in sprinkled was it whereon that wash shalt thou garment, any upon thereof blood the of sprinkled is there when and holy: be shall thereof flesh the touch shall Whatsoever
congregation. the of tabernacle the of court the in eaten, be it shall place holy the in it: eat shall sin for it offereth that priest The
holy. most is it : Lord the before killed be offering sin the shall killed is offering burnt the where place the In offering: sin the of law the is This saying, sons, his to and Aaron unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
eaten. be not shall it burnt: wholly be shall priest the for offering meat every For
burnt. wholly be shall it ; Lord the unto ever for statute a is it it: offer shall stead his in anointed is that sons his of priest the And
. Lord the unto savour sweet a for offer thou shalt offering meat the of pieces baken the and in: it bring shalt thou baken, is it when and oil; with made be shall it pan a In
night. at thereof half and morning, the in it of half perpetual, offering meat a for flour fine of ephah an of part tenth the anointed; is he when day the in Lord the unto offer shall they which sons, his of and Aaron of offering the is This
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
holy. be shall them toucheth that one every fire: by made Lord the of offerings the concerning generations your in ever for statute a be shall It it. of eat shall Aaron of children the among males the All
offering. trespass the as and offering, sin the is as holy, most is it fire; by made offerings my of portion their for them unto it given have I leaven. with baken be not shall It
it. eat shall they congregation the of tabernacle the of court the in place; holy the in eaten be it shall bread unleavened with eat: sons his and Aaron shall thereof remainder the And
. Lord the unto it, of memorial the even savour, sweet a for altar the upon it burn shall and offering, meat the upon is which frankincense the all and thereof, oil the of and offering, meat the of flour the of handful, his it of take shall he And
altar. the before , Lord the before it offer shall Aaron of sons the offering: meat the of law the is this And
out. go never shall it altar; the upon burning be ever shall fire The
offerings. peace the of fat the thereon burn shall he and it; upon order in offering burnt the lay and morning, every it on wood burn shall priest the and out: put be not shall it it; in burning be shall altar the upon fire the And
place. clean a unto camp the without ashes the forth carry and garments, other on put and garments, his off put shall he And
altar. the beside them put shall he and altar, the on offering burnt the with consumed hath fire the which ashes the up take and flesh, his upon put he shall breeches linen his and garment, linen his on put shall priest the And
it. in burning be shall altar the of fire the and morning, the unto night all altar the upon burning the of because offering, burnt the is It offering: burnt the of law the is This saying, sons, his and Aaron Command
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
therein. trespassing in done hath he that all of thing any for him forgiven be shall it and : Lord the before him for atonement an make shall priest the And
priest: the unto offering, trespass a for estimation, thy with flock, the of out blemish without ram a , Lord the unto offering trespass his bring shall he And
offering. trespass his of day the in appertaineth, it whom to him unto it give and thereto, more part fifth the add shall and principal, the in it restore even shall he falsely; sworn hath he which about that all Or
found, he which thing lost the or keep, to him delivered was which that or gotten, deceitfully hath he which thing the or away, violently took he which that restore shall he that guilty, is and sinned, hath he because be, shall it Then
therein: sinning doeth, man a that these all of any in falsely; sweareth and it, concerning lieth and lost, was which that found have Or
neighbour; his deceived hath or violence, by away taken thing a in or fellowship, in or keep, to him delivered was which that in neighbour his unto lie and , Lord the against trespass a commit and sin, soul a If
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
. Lord the against trespassed certainly hath he offering: trespass a is It
him. forgiven be shall it and not, it wist and erred he wherein ignorance his concerning him for atonement an make shall priest the and priest: the unto offering, trespass a for estimation, thy with flock, the of out blemish without ram a bring shall he And
iniquity. his bear shall and guilty, he is yet not, it wist he though ; Lord the of commandments the by done be to forbidden are which things these of any commit and sin, soul a if And
him. forgiven be shall it and offering, trespass the of ram the with him for atonement an make shall priest the and priest: the unto it give and thereto, part fifth the add shall and thing, holy the in done hath he that harm the for amends make shall he And
offering. trespass a for sanctuary, the of shekel the after silver, of shekels by estimation thy with flocks, the of out blemish without ram a Lord the unto trespass his for bring shall he then ; Lord the of things holy the in ignorance, through sin and trespass, a commit soul a If
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
offering. meat a as priest's, the be shall remnant the and him: forgiven be shall it and these, of one in sinned hath he that sin his touching as him for atonement an make shall priest the And
offering. sin a is it : Lord the unto fire by made offerings the to according altar, the on it burn and thereof, memorial a even it, of handful his take shall priest the and priest, the to it bring he shall Then
offering. sin a is it for thereon: frankincense any put he shall neither it, upon oil no put shall he offering; sin a for flour fine of ephah an of part tenth the offering his for bring shall sinned that he then pigeons, young two or turtledoves, two bring to able not be he if But
him. forgiven be shall it and sinned, hath he which sin his for him for atonement an make shall priest the and manner: the to according offering, burnt a for second the offer shall he And
offering. sin a is it altar: the of bottom the at out wrung be shall blood the of rest the and altar; the of side the upon offering sin the of blood the of sprinkle shall he And
asunder: it divide not shall but neck, his from head his off wring and first, offering sin the for is which that offer shall who priest, the unto them bring shall he And
offering. burnt a for other the and offering, sin a for one ; Lord the unto pigeons, young two or turtledoves, two committed, hath he which trespass, his for bring shall he then lamb, a bring to able not be he if And
sin. his concerning him for atonement an make shall priest the and offering; sin a for goats, the of kid a or lamb a flock, the from female a sinned, hath he which sin his for Lord the unto offering trespass his bring shall he And
thing: that in sinned hath he that confess shall he that things, these of one in guilty be shall he when be, shall it And
these. of one in guilty be shall he then it, of knoweth he when him; from hid be it and oath, an with pronounce shall man a that be it whatsoever good, do to or evil, do to lips his with pronouncing swear, soul a if Or
guilty. be shall he then it, of knoweth he when him; from hid be it and withal, defiled be shall man a that be it uncleanness whatsoever man, of uncleanness the touch he if Or
guilty. and unclean, be shall also he him; from hidden be it if and things, creeping unclean of carcase the or cattle, unclean of carcase a or beast, unclean an of carcase a be it whether thing, unclean any touch soul a if Or
iniquity. his bear shall he then it, utter not do he if it; of known or seen hath he whether witness, a is and swearing, of voice the hear and sin, soul a if And
him. forgiven be shall it and committed, hath he that sin his for atonement an make shall priest the and : Lord the unto fire by made offerings the to according altar, the upon them burn shall priest the and offerings; peace the of sacrifice the from away taken is lamb the of fat the as thereof, fat the all away take shall he And
altar: the of bottom the at thereof blood the all out pour shall and offering, burnt of altar the of horns the upon it put and finger, his with offering sin the of blood the of take shall priest the And
offering. burnt the kill they where place the in offering sin a for it slay and offering, sin the of head the upon hand his lay shall he And
blemish. without female a it bring shall he offering, sin a for lamb a bring he if And
him. forgiven be shall it and him, for atonement an make shall priest the and ; Lord the unto savour sweet a for altar the upon it burn shall priest the and offerings; peace of sacrifice the off from away taken is fat the as thereof, fat the all away take shall he And
altar. the of bottom the at thereof blood the all out pour shall and offering, burnt of altar the of horns the upon it put and finger, his with thereof blood the of take shall priest the And
offering. burnt the of place the in offering sin the slay and offering, sin the of head the upon hand his lay shall he And
sinned. hath he which sin his for blemish, without female a goats, the of kid a offering, his bring shall he then knowledge: his to come sinned, hath he which sin, his if Or
guilty; be and done, be to not ought which things concerning Lord the of commandments the of any against somewhat doeth he while ignorance, through sin people common the of one any if And
him. forgiven be shall it and sin, his concerning as him for atonement an make shall priest the and offerings: peace of sacrifice the of fat the as altar, the upon fat his all burn shall he And
offering. burnt of altar the of bottom the at blood his out pour shall and offering, burnt of altar the of horns the upon it put and finger, his with offering sin the of blood the of take shall priest the And
offering. sin a is it : Lord the before offering burnt the kill they where place the in it kill and goat, the of head the upon hand his lay shall he And
blemish: without male a goats, the of kid a offering, his bring shall he knowledge; his to come sinned, hath he wherein sin, his if Or
guilty; is and done, be not should which things concerning God his Lord the of commandments the of any against ignorance through somewhat done and sinned, hath ruler a When
congregation. the for offering sin a is it bullock: first the burned he as him burn and camp, the without bullock the forth carry shall he And
them. forgiven be shall it and them, for atonement an make shall priest the and this: with do he shall so offering, sin a for bullock the with did he as bullock the with do shall he And
altar. the upon it burn and him, from fat his all take shall he And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the at is which offering, burnt the of altar the of bottom the at blood the all out pour shall and congregation, the of tabernacle the in is that , Lord the before is which altar the of horns the upon blood the of some put shall he And
vail. the before even , Lord the before times seven it sprinkle and blood, the of some in finger his dip shall priest the And
congregation: the of tabernacle the to blood bullock's the of bring shall anointed is that priest the And
. Lord the before killed be shall bullock the and : Lord the before bullock the of head the upon hands their lay shall congregation the of elders the And
congregation. the of tabernacle the before him bring and sin, the for bullock young a offer shall congregation the then known, is it, against sinned have they which sin, the When
guilty; are and done, be not should which things concerning Lord the of commandments the of any against somewhat done have they and assembly, the of eyes the from hid be thing the and ignorance, through sin Israel of congregation whole the if And
burnt. be he shall out poured are ashes the where fire: with wood the on him burn and out, poured are ashes the where place, clean a unto camp the without forth carry he shall bullock whole the Even
dung, his and inwards, his and legs, his with and head, his with flesh, his all and bullock, the of skin the And
offering. burnt the of altar the upon them burn shall priest the and offerings: peace of sacrifice the of bullock the from off taken was it As
away, take he shall it kidneys, the with liver, the above caul the and flanks, the by is which them, upon is that fat the and kidneys, two the And
inwards, the upon is that fat the all and inwards, the covereth that fat the offering; sin the for bullock the of fat the all it from off take shall he And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the at is which offering, burnt the of altar the of bottom the at bullock the of blood the all pour shall and congregation; the of tabernacle the in is which , Lord the before incense sweet of altar the of horns the upon blood the of some put shall priest the And
sanctuary. the of vail the before , Lord the before times seven blood the of sprinkle and blood, the in finger his dip shall priest the And
congregation: the of tabernacle the to it bring and blood, bullock's the of take shall anointed is that priest the And
. Lord the before bullock the kill and head, bullock's the upon hand his lay shall and ; Lord the before congregation the of tabernacle the of door the unto bullock the bring shall he And
offering. sin a for Lord the unto blemish without bullock young a sinned, hath he which sin, his for bring him let then people; the of sin the to according sin do anointed is that priest the If
them: of any against do shall and done, be to not ought which things concerning Lord the of commandments the of any against ignorance through sin shall soul a If saying, Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
blood. nor fat neither eat ye that dwellings, your all throughout generations your for statute perpetual a be shall It
's. Lord the is fat the all savour: sweet a for fire by made offering the of food the is it altar: the upon them burn shall priest the And
away. take he shall it kidneys, the with liver, the above caul the and flanks, the by is which them, upon is that fat the and kidneys, two the And
inwards, the upon is that fat the all and inwards, the covereth that fat the ; Lord the unto fire by made offering an even offering, his thereof offer shall he And
about. round altar the upon thereof blood the sprinkle shall Aaron of sons the and congregation: the of tabernacle the before it kill and it, of head the upon hand his lay shall he And
. Lord the before it offer shall he then goat, a be offering his if And
. Lord the unto fire by made offering the of food the is it altar: the upon it burn shall priest the And
away. take he shall it kidneys, the with liver, the above caul the and flanks, the by is which them, upon is that fat the and kidneys, two the And
inwards, the upon is that fat the all and inwards, the covereth that fat the and backbone; the by hard off take he shall it rump, whole the and thereof, fat the ; Lord the unto fire by made offering an offering peace the of sacrifice the of offer shall he And
altar. the upon about round thereof blood the sprinkle shall sons Aaron's and congregation: the of tabernacle the before it kill and offering, his of head the upon hand his lay shall he And
. Lord the before it offer he shall then offering, his for lamb a offer he If
blemish. without it offer shall he female, or male flock; the of be Lord the unto offering peace of sacrifice a for offering his if And
. Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made offering an is it fire: the on is that wood the upon is which sacrifice, burnt the upon altar the on it burn shall sons Aaron's And
away. take he shall it kidneys, the with liver, the above caul the and flanks, the by is which them, on is that fat the and kidneys, two the And
inwards, the upon is that fat the all and inwards, the covereth that fat the ; Lord the unto fire by made offering an offering peace the of sacrifice the of offer shall he And
about. round altar the upon blood the sprinkle shall priests the sons Aaron's and congregation: the of tabernacle the of door the at it kill and offering, his of head the upon hand his lay shall he And
. Lord the before blemish without it offer shall he female, or male a be it whether herd; the of it offer he if offering, peace of sacrifice a be oblation his if And
. Lord the unto fire by made offering an is it thereof: frankincense the all with thereof, oil the of part and thereof, corn beaten the of part it, of memorial the burn shall priest the And
offering. meat a is it thereon: frankincense lay and it, upon oil put shalt thou And
ears. full of out beaten corn even fire, the by dried corn of ears green firstfruits thy of offering meat the for offer shalt thou , Lord the unto firstfruits thy of offering meat a offer thou if And
salt. offer shalt thou offerings thine all with offering: meat thy from lacking be to God thy of covenant the of salt the suffer thou shalt neither salt; with season thou shalt offering meat thy of oblation every And
savour. sweet a for altar the on burnt be not shall they but : Lord the unto them offer shall ye firstfruits, the of oblation the for As
fire. by made Lord the of offering any in honey, any nor leaven, no burn shall ye for leaven: with made be shall , Lord the unto bring shall ye which offering, meat No
fire. by made Lord the of offerings the of holy most thing a is it sons': his and Aaron's be shall offering meat the of left is which that And
. Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made offering an is it altar: the upon it burn shall and thereof, memorial a offering meat the from take shall priest the And
altar. the unto it bring shall he priest, the unto presented is it when and : Lord the unto things these of made is that offering meat the bring shalt thou And
oil. with flour fine of made be shall it fryingpan, the in baken offering meat a be oblation thy if And
offering. meat a is it thereon: oil pour and pieces, in it part shalt Thou
oil. with mingled unleavened, flour fine of be shall it pan, a in baken offering meat a be oblation thy if And
oil. with anointed wafers unleavened or oil, with mingled flour fine of cakes unleavened be shall it oven, the in baken offering meat a of oblation an bring thou if And
fire. by made Lord the of offerings the of holy most thing a is it sons': his and Aaron's be shall offering meat the of remnant the And
: Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made offering an be to altar, the upon it of memorial the burn shall priest the and thereof; frankincense the all with thereof, oil the of and thereof, flour the of handful his thereout take shall he and priests: the sons Aaron's to it bring shall he And
thereon: frankincense put and it, upon oil pour shall he and flour; fine of be shall offering his , Lord the unto offering meat a offer will any when And
. Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made offering an sacrifice, burnt a is it fire: the upon is that wood the upon altar, the upon it burn shall priest the and asunder: it divide not shall but thereof, wings the with it cleave shall he And
ashes: the of place the by part, east the on altar the beside it cast and feathers, his with crop his away pluck shall he And
altar: the of side the at out wrung be shall thereof blood the and altar; the on it burn and head, his off wring and altar, the unto it bring shall priest the And
pigeons. young of or turtledoves, of offering his bring shall he then fowls, of be Lord the to offering his for sacrifice burnt the if And
. Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made offering an sacrifice, burnt a is it altar: the upon it burn and all, it bring shall priest the and water: with legs the and inwards the wash shall he But
altar: the upon is which fire the on is that wood the on order in them lay shall priest the and fat: his and head his with pieces, his into it cut shall he And
altar. the upon about round blood his sprinkle shall sons, Aaron's priests, the and : Lord the before northward altar the of side the on it kill shall he And
blemish. without male a it bring shall he sacrifice; burnt a for goats, the of or sheep, the of namely, flocks, the of be offering his if And
. Lord the unto savour sweet a of fire, by made offering an sacrifice, burnt a be to altar, the on all burn shall priest the and water: in wash he shall legs his and inwards his But
altar: the upon is which fire the on is that wood the upon order in fat, the and head, the parts, the lay shall sons, Aaron's priests, the And
fire: the upon order in wood the lay and altar, the upon fire put shall priest the Aaron of sons the And
pieces. his into it cut and offering, burnt the flay shall he And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the by is that altar the upon about round blood the sprinkle and blood, the bring shall sons, Aaron's priests, the and : Lord the before bullock the kill shall he And
him. for atonement make to him for accepted be shall it and offering; burnt the of head the upon hand his put shall he And
. Lord the before congregation the of tabernacle the of door the at will voluntary own his of it offer shall he blemish: without male a offer him let herd, the of sacrifice burnt a be offering his If
flock. the of and herd, the of even cattle, the of offering your bring shall ye , Lord the unto offering an bring you of man any If them, unto say and Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, congregation, the of tabernacle the of out him unto spake and Moses, unto called Lord the And
Leviticus
journeys. their all throughout Israel, of house the all of sight the in night, by it on was fire and day, by tabernacle the upon was Lord the of cloud the For
up. taken was it that day the till not journeyed they then up, taken not were cloud the if But
journeys: their all in onward went Israel of children the tabernacle, the over from up taken was cloud the when And
tabernacle. the filled Lord the of glory the and thereon, abode cloud the because congregation, the of tent the into enter to able not was Moses And
tabernacle. the filled Lord the of glory the and congregation, the of tent the covered cloud a Then
work. the finished Moses So gate. court the of hanging the up set and altar, the and tabernacle the about round court the up reared he And
Moses. commanded Lord the as washed; they altar, the unto near came they when and congregation, the of tent the into went they When
thereat: feet their and hands their washed sons his and Aaron and Moses And
withal. wash to there, water put and altar, the and congregation the of tent the between laver the set he And
Moses. commanded Lord the as offering; meat the and offering burnt the it upon offered and congregation, the of tent the of tabernacle the of door the by offering burnt of altar the put he And
tabernacle. the of door the at hanging the up set he And
Moses. commanded Lord the as thereon; incense sweet burnt he And
vail: the before congregation the of tent the in altar golden the put he And
Moses. commanded Lord the as ; Lord the before lamps the lighted he And
southward. tabernacle the of side the on table, the against over congregation, the of tent the in candlestick the put he And
Moses. commanded had Lord the as ; Lord the before it upon order in bread the set he And
vail. the without northward, tabernacle the of side the upon congregation, the of tent the in table the put he And
Moses. commanded Lord the as testimony; the of ark the covered and covering, the of vail the up set and tabernacle, the into ark the brought he And
ark: the upon above seat mercy the put and ark, the on staves the set and ark, the into testimony the put and took he And
Moses. commanded Lord the as it; upon above tent the of covering the put and tabernacle, the over tent the abroad spread he And
pillars. his up reared and thereof, bars the in put and thereof, boards the up set and sockets, his fastened and tabernacle, the up reared Moses And
up. reared was tabernacle the that month, the of day first the on year, second the in month first the in pass to came it And
he. did so him, commanded Lord the that all to according Moses: did Thus
generations. their throughout priesthood everlasting an be surely shall anointing their for office: priest's the in me unto minister may they that father, their anoint didst thou as them, anoint shalt thou And
coats: with them clothe and sons, his bring shalt thou And
office. priest's the in me unto minister may he that him; sanctify and him, anoint and garments, holy the Aaron upon put shalt thou And
water. with them wash and congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the unto sons his and Aaron bring shalt thou And
it. sanctify and foot, his and laver the anoint shalt thou And
holy. most altar an be shall it and altar: the sanctify and vessels, his all and offering, burnt the of altar the anoint shalt thou And
holy. be shall it and thereof: vessels the all and it, hallow shalt and therein, is that all and tabernacle, the anoint and oil, anointing the take shalt thou And
gate. court the at hanging the up hang and about, round court the up set shalt thou And
therein. water put shalt and altar, the and congregation the of tent the between laver the set shalt thou And
congregation. the of tent the of tabernacle the of door the before offering burnt the of altar the set shalt thou And
tabernacle. the to door the of hanging the put and testimony, the of ark the before incense the for gold of altar the set shalt thou And
thereof. lamps the light and candlestick, the in bring shalt thou and it; upon order in set be to are that things the order in set and table, the in bring shalt thou And
vail. the with ark the cover and testimony, the of ark the therein put shalt thou And
congregation. the of tent the of tabernacle the up set thou shalt month first the of day first the On
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
them. blessed Moses and it: done they had so even commanded, had Lord the as it done had they behold, and, work, the all upon look did Moses And
work. the all made Israel of children the so Moses, commanded Lord the that all to According
office. priest's the in minister to garments, sons' his and priest, the Aaron for garments holy the and place, holy the in service do to service of cloths The
congregation, the of tent the for tabernacle, the of service the of vessels the all and pins, his and cords, his gate, court the for hanging the and sockets, his and pillars, his court, the of hangings The
foot, his and laver the vessels, his all and staves, his brass, of grate his and altar, brasen The
door, tabernacle the for hanging the and incense, sweet the and oil, anointing the and altar, golden the And
light, for oil the and thereof, vessels the all and order, in set be to lamps the with even thereof, lamps the with candlestick, pure The
shewbread, the and thereof, vessels the all and table, The
seat, mercy the and thereof, staves the and testimony, the of ark The
covering, the of vail the and skins, badgers' of covering the and red, dyed skins rams' of covering the And
sockets, his and pillars, his and bars, his boards, his taches, his furniture, his all and tent, the Moses, unto tabernacle the brought they And
they. did so Moses, commanded Lord the that all to according did Israel of children the and finished: congregation the of tent the of tabernacle the of work the all was Thus
Moses. commanded Lord the as mitre; the upon high on it fasten to blue, of lace a it unto tied they And
. Lord The To Holiness signet, a of engravings the to like writing, a it upon wrote and gold, pure of crown holy the of plate the made they And
Moses. commanded Lord the as needlework; of scarlet, and purple, and blue, and linen, twined fine of girdle a And
linen, twined fine of breeches linen and linen, fine of bonnets goodly and linen, fine of mitre a And
sons, his for and Aaron, for work woven of linen fine of coats made they And
Moses. commanded Lord the as in; minister to robe the of hem the about round pomegranate, a and bell a pomegranate, a and bell A
pomegranates; the between about round robe, the of hem the upon pomegranates the between bells the put and gold, pure of bells made they And
linen. twined and scarlet, and purple, and blue, of pomegranates robe the of hems the upon made they And
rend. not should it that hole, the about round band a with habergeon, an of hole the as robe, the of midst the in hole an was there And
blue. of all work, woven of ephod the of robe the made he And
Moses. commanded Lord the as ephod; the from loosed be not might breastplate the that and ephod, the of girdle curious the above be might it that blue, of lace a with ephod the of rings the unto rings his by breastplate the bind did they And
ephod. the of girdle curious the above thereof, coupling other the against over it, of forepart the toward underneath, ephod the of sides two the on them put and rings, golden other two made they And
inward. ephod the of side the on was which it, of border the upon breastplate, the of ends two the on them put and gold, of rings two made they And
it. before ephod, the of shoulderpieces the on them put and ouches, two the in fastened they chains wreathen two the of ends two the And
breastplate. the of ends the on rings two the in gold of chains wreathen two the put they And
breastplate. the of ends two the in rings two the put and rings; gold two and gold, of ouches two made they And
gold. pure of work wreathen of ends, the at chains breastplate the upon made they And
tribes. twelve the to according name, his with one every signet, a of engravings the like names, their to according twelve, Israel, of children the of names the to according were stones the And
inclosings. their in gold of ouches in inclosed were they jasper: a and onyx, an beryl, a row, fourth the And
amethyst. an and agate, an ligure, a row, third the And
diamond. a and sapphire, a emerald, an row, second the And
row. first the was this carbuncle: a and topaz, a sardius, a was row first the stones: of rows four it in set they And
doubled. being thereof, breadth the span a and thereof, length the was span a double: breastplate the made they foursquare; was It
linen. twined fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, gold, of ephod; the of work the like work, cunning of breastplate the made he And
Moses. commanded Lord the as Israel; of children the to memorial a for stones be should they that ephod, the of shoulders the on them put he And
Israel. of children the of names the with graven, are signets as graven, gold, of ouches in inclosed stones onyx wrought they And
Moses. commanded Lord the as linen; twined fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, gold, of thereof; work the to according same, the of was it, upon was that ephod, his of girdle curious the And
together. coupled it was edges two the by together: it couple to it, for shoulderpieces made They
work. cunning with linen, fine the in and scarlet, the in and purple, the in and blue, the in it work to wires, into it cut and plates, thin into gold the beat did they And
linen. twined fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, gold, of ephod the made he And
Moses. commanded Lord the as Aaron; for garments holy the made and place, holy the in service do to service, of cloths made they scarlet, and purple, and blue, the of And
about. round court the of pins the all and tabernacle, the of pins the all and gate, court the of sockets the and about, round court the of sockets the And
altar, the of vessels the all and it, for grate brasen the and altar, brasen the and congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the to sockets the made he therewith And
shekels. hundred four and thousand two and talents, seventy was offering the of brass the And
them. filleted and chapiters, their overlaid and pillars, the for hooks made he shekels five and seventy hundred seven thousand the of And
socket. a for talent a talents, hundred the of sockets hundred an vail; the of sockets the and sanctuary, the of sockets the cast were silver of talents hundred the of And
men. fifty and hundred five and thousand three and thousand hundred six for upward, and old years twenty from numbered, be to went that one every for sanctuary, the of shekel the after shekel, a half is, that man, every for bekah A
sanctuary: the of shekel the after shekels, fifteen and threescore and hundred seven thousand a and talents, hundred an was congregation the of numbered were that them of silver the And
sanctuary. the of shekel the after shekels, thirty and hundred seven and talents, nine and twenty was offering, the of gold the even place, holy the of work the all in work the for occupied was that gold the All
linen. fine and scarlet, in and purple, in and blue, in embroiderer an and workman, cunning a and engraver, an Dan, of tribe the of Ahisamach, of son Aholiab, was him with And
Moses. commanded Lord the that all made Judah, of tribe the of Hur, of son the Uri, son the Bezaleel And
priest. the Aaron to son Ithamar, of hand the by Levites, the of service the for Moses, of commandment the to according counted, was it as testimony, of tabernacle the of even tabernacle, the of sum the is This
brass. of were about, round court the of and tabernacle, the of pins the all And
silver. of fillets their and chapiters their of overlaying the and silver, of hooks their four; brass of sockets their and four, were pillars their And
court. the of hangings the to answerable cubits, five was breadth the in height the and length, the was cubits twenty and linen: twined fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, of needlework, was court the of gate the for hanging the And
silver. with filleted were court the of pillars the all and silver; of chapiters their of overlaying the and silver; of fillets their and pillars the of hooks the brass; of were pillars the for sockets the And
linen. twined fine of were about round court the of hangings the All
three. sockets their and three, pillars their cubits; fifteen of hangings were hand, that and hand this on gate, court the of side other the for And
three. sockets their and three, pillars their cubits; fifteen were gate the of side one the of hangings The
cubits. fifty eastward side east the for And
silver. of fillets their and pillars the of hooks the ten; sockets their and ten, pillars their cubits, fifty of hangings were side west the for And
silver. of fillets their and pillars the of hooks the twenty; brass of sockets their and twenty, were pillars their cubits, hundred an were hangings the side north the for And
silver. of were fillets their and pillars the of hooks the twenty; sockets brasen their and twenty, were pillars Their
cubits: hundred an linen, twined fine of were court the of hangings the southward side south the on court: the made he And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the at assembled which assembling, women the of lookingglasses the of brass, of it of foot the and brass, of laver the made he And
boards. with hollow altar the made he withal; it bear to altar, the of sides the on rings the into staves the put he And
brass. with them overlaid and wood, shittim of staves the made he And
staves. the for places be to brass, of grate the of ends four the for rings four cast he And
it. of midst the unto beneath thereof compass the under network of grate brasen a altar the for made he And
brass. of he made thereof vessels the all firepans: the and fleshhooks, the and basons, the and shovels, the and pots, the altar, the of vessels the all made he And
brass. with it overlaid he and same: the of were thereof horns the it; of corners four the on thereof horns the made he And
thereof. height the cubits three and foursquare; was it thereof; breadth the cubits five and thereof, length the was cubits five wood: shittim of offering burnt of altar the made he And
apothecary. the of work the to according spices, sweet of incense pure the and oil, anointing holy the made he And
gold. with them overlaid and wood, shittim of staves the made he And
withal. it bear to staves the for places be to thereof, sides two the upon it, of corners two the by thereof, crown the under it for gold of rings two made he And
about. round gold of crown a it unto made he also it: of horns the and about, round thereof sides the and it, of top the both gold, pure with it overlaid he And
same. the of were thereof horns the it; of height the was cubits two and foursquare; was it cubit; a it of breadth the and cubit, a was it of length the wood: shittim of altar incense the made he And
thereof. vessels the all and it, he made gold pure of talent a Of
gold. pure of snuffdishes, his and snuffers, his and lamps, seven his made he And
gold. pure of work beaten one was it of all same: the of were branches their and knops Their
it. of out going branches six the to according same, the of branches two under knop a and same, the of branches two under knop a and same, the of branches two under knop a And
flowers: his and knops, his almonds, like made bowls four were candlestick the in And
candlestick. the of out going branches six the throughout so flower: a and knop a branch, another in almonds like made bowls three and flower; a and knop a branch, one in almonds of fashion the after made bowls Three
thereof: side other the of out candlestick the of branches three and thereof, side one the of out candlestick the of branches three thereof; sides the of out going branches six And
same: the of were flowers, his and knops, his bowls, his branch, his and shaft, his candlestick; the he made work beaten of gold: pure of candlestick the made he And
gold. pure of withal, cover to covers his and bowls, his and spoons, his and dishes, his table, the upon were which vessels the made he And
table. the bear to gold, with them overlaid and wood, shittim of staves the made he And
table. the bear to staves the for places the rings, the were border the against Over
thereof. feet four the in were that corners four the upon rings the put and gold, of rings four it for cast he And
about. round thereof border the for gold of crown a made and about; round handbreadth an of border a thereunto made he Also
about. round gold of crown a thereunto made and gold, pure with it overlaid he And
thereof: height the half a and cubit a and thereof, breadth the cubit a and thereof, length the was cubits two wood: shittim of table the made he And
cherubims. the of faces the were seatward mercy the to even another; to one faces their with seat, mercy the over wings their with covered and high, on wings their out spread cherubims the And
thereof. ends two the on cherubims the he made seat mercy the of out side: that on end other the on cherub another and side, this on end the on cherub One
seat; mercy the of ends two the on them, he made piece one of out beaten gold, of cherubims two made he And
thereof. breadth the half a and cubit one and thereof, length the was half a and cubits two gold: pure of seat mercy the made he And
ark. the bear to ark, the of sides the by rings the into staves the put he And
gold. with them overlaid and wood, shittim of staves made he And
it. of side other the upon rings two and it, of side one the upon rings two even it; of corners four the by set be to gold, of rings four it for cast he And
about. round it to gold of crown a made and without, and within gold pure with it overlaid he And
it: of height the half a and cubit a and it, of breadth the half a and cubit a and it, of length the was half a and cubits two wood: shittim of ark the made Bezaleel And
brass. of were sockets five their but gold: with fillets their and chapiters their overlaid he and hooks: their with it of pillars five the And
needlework; of linen, twined fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, of door tabernacle the for hanging an made he And
silver. of sockets four them for cast he and gold; of were hooks their gold: with them overlaid and wood, shittim of pillars four thereunto made he And
work. cunning of it he made cherubims with linen: twined fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, of vail a made he And
gold. with bars the overlaid and bars, the for places be to gold of rings their made and gold, with boards the overlaid he And
other. the to end one the from boards the through shoot to bar middle the made he And
westward. sides the for tabernacle the of boards the for bars five and tabernacle, the of side other the of boards the for bars five And
tabernacle, the of side one the of boards the for five wood; shittim of bars made he And
sockets. two board every under silver, of sockets sixteen were sockets their and boards; eight were there And
corners. the both in them of both to did he thus ring: one to thereof, head the at together coupled and beneath, coupled were they And
sides. two the in tabernacle the of corners the for he made boards two And
boards. six made he westward tabernacle the of sides the for And
board. another under sockets two and board, one under sockets two silver; of sockets forty their And
boards, twenty made he corner, north the toward is which tabernacle, the of side other the for And
tenons. two his for board another under sockets two and tenons, two his for board one under sockets two boards; twenty the under made he silver of sockets forty And
southward: side south the for boards twenty tabernacle; the for boards made he And
tabernacle. the of boards the all for make he did thus another: from one distant equally tenons, two had board One
half. a and cubit one board a of breadth the and cubits, ten was board a of length The
up. standing wood, shittim of tabernacle the for boards made he And
that. above skins badgers' of covering a and red, dyed skins rams' of tent the for covering a made he And
one. be might it that together, tent the couple to brass of taches fifty made he And
second. the coupleth which curtain the of edge the upon he made loops fifty and coupling, the in curtain the of edge uttermost the upon loops fifty made he And
themselves. by curtains six and themselves, by curtains five coupled he And
size. one of were curtains eleven the curtain: one of breadth the was cubits four and cubits, thirty was curtain one of length The
them. made he curtains eleven tabernacle: the over tent the for hair goats' of curtains made he And
tabernacle. one became it so taches: the with another unto one curtains the coupled and gold, of taches fifty made he And
another. to curtain one held loops the second: the of coupling the in was which curtain the of edge the in he made loops fifty and curtain, one in he made loops Fifty
second. the of coupling the in curtain, another of side uttermost the in made he likewise coupling: the in selvedge the from curtain one of edge the on blue of loops made he And
another. unto one coupled he curtains five other the and another: unto one curtains five the coupled he And
size. one of all were curtains the cubits: four curtain one of breadth the and cubits, eight and twenty was curtain one of length The
them. he made work cunning of cherubims with scarlet: and purple, and blue, and linen, twined fine of curtains ten made tabernacle the of work the wrought that them among man hearted wise every And
much. too and it, make to work the all for sufficient was had they stuff the For
bringing. from restrained were people the So sanctuary. the of offering the for work more any make woman nor man neither Let saying, camp, the throughout proclaimed be to it caused they and commandment, gave Moses And
make. to commanded Lord the which work, the of service the for enough than more much bring people The saying, Moses, unto spake they And
made; they which work his from man every came sanctuary, the of work the all wrought that men, wise the all And
morning. every offerings free him unto yet brought they And withal. it make to sanctuary, the of service the of work the for brought had Israel of children the which offering, the all Moses of received they And
it: do to work the unto come to up him stirred heart whose one every even wisdom, put had Lord the heart whose in man, hearted wise every and Aholiab, and Bezaleel called Moses And
commanded. had Lord the that all to according sanctuary, the of service the for work of manner all work to how know to understanding and wisdom put Lord the whom in man, hearted wise every and Aholiab, and Bezaleel wrought Then
work. cunning devise that those of and work, any do that them of even weaver, the of and linen, fine in and scarlet, in purple, in and blue, in embroiderer, the of and workman, cunning the of and engraver, the of work, of manner all work to heart, of wisdom with filled he hath Them
Dan. of tribe the of Ahisamach, of son the Aholiab, and he, both teach, may he that heart his in put hath he And
work. cunning of manner any make to wood, of carving in and them, set to stones, of cutting the in And
brass, in and silver, in and gold, in work to works, curious devise to And
workmanship; of manner all in and knowledge, in and understanding, in wisdom, in God, of spirit the with him filled hath he And
Judah; of tribe the of Hur, of son the Uri, of son the Bezaleel name by called hath Lord the See, Israel, of children the unto said Moses And
Moses. of hand the by made be to commanded had Lord the which work, of manner all for bring to willing them made heart whose woman, and man every , Lord the unto offering willing a brought Israel of children The
incense. sweet the for and oil, anointing the for and light, the for oil and spice, And
breastplate; the for and ephod, the for set, be to stones and stones, onyx brought rulers the And
hair. goats' spun wisdom in up them stirred heart whose women the all And
linen. fine of and scarlet, of and purple, of and blue, of both spun, had they which that brought and hands, their with spin did hearted wise were that women the all And
it. brought service, the of work any for wood shittim found was whom with man, every and offering: 's Lord the brought brass and silver of offering an offer did that one Every
them. brought skins, badgers' and rams, of skins red and hair, goats' and linen, fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, found was whom with man, every And
. Lord the unto gold of offering an offered offered that man every and gold: of jewels all tablets, and rings, and earrings, and bracelets, brought and hearted, willing were as many as women, and men both came, they And
garments. holy the for and service, his all for and congregation, the of tabernacle the of work the to offering 's Lord the brought they and willing, made spirit his whom one every and up, him stirred heart whose one every came, they And
Moses. of presence the from departed Israel of children the of congregation the all And
office. priest's the in minister to sons, his of garments the and priest, the Aaron for garments holy the place, holy the in service do to service, of cloths The
cords, their and court, the of pins the and tabernacle, the of pins The
court, the of door the for hanging the and sockets, their and pillars, his court, the of hangings The
foot, his and laver the vessels, his all and staves, his grate, brasen his with offering, burnt of altar The
tabernacle, the of in entering the at door the for hanging the and incense, sweet the and oil, anointing the and staves, his and altar, incense the And
light, the for oil the with lamps, his and furniture, his and light, the for also candlestick The
shewbread, the and vessels, his all and staves, his and table, The
covering, the of vail the and seat, mercy the with thereof, staves the and ark, The
sockets, his and pillars, his bars, his boards, his and taches, his covering, his and tent, his tabernacle, The
commanded; hath Lord the that all make and come, shall you among hearted wise every And
breastplate. the for and ephod, the for set be to stones and stones, onyx And
incense, sweet the for and oil, anointing for spices and light, the for oil And
wood, shittim and skins, badgers' and red, dyed skins rams' And
hair, goats' and linen, fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, And
brass, and silver, and gold, ; Lord the of offering an it, bring him let heart, willing a of is whosoever : Lord the unto offering an you among from ye Take
saying, commanded, Lord the which thing the is This saying, Israel, of children the of congregation the all unto spake Moses And
day. sabbath the upon habitations your throughout fire no kindle shall Ye
death. to put be shall therein work doeth whosoever : Lord the to rest of sabbath a day, holy an you to be shall there day seventh the on but done, be work shall days Six
them. do should ye that commanded, hath Lord the which words the are These them, unto said and together, Israel of children the of congregation the all gathered Moses And
him. with speak to in went he until again, face his upon vail the put Moses and shone: face Moses' of skin the that Moses, of face the saw Israel of children the And
commanded. was he which that Israel of children the unto spake and out, came he And out. came he until off, vail the took he him, with speak to Lord the before in went Moses when But
face. his on vail a put he them, with speaking done had Moses till And
Sinai. mount in him with spoken had Lord the that all commandment in them gave he and nigh: came Israel of children the all afterward And
them. with talked Moses and him: unto returned congregation the of rulers the all and Aaron and them; unto called Moses And
him. nigh come to afraid were they and shone; face his of skin the behold, Moses, saw Israel of children the all and Aaron when And
him. with talked he while shone face his of skin the that not wist Moses that mount, the from down came he when hand, Moses' in testimony of tables two the with Sinai mount from down came Moses when pass, to came it And
commandments. ten the covenant, the of words the tables the upon wrote he And water. drink nor bread, eat neither did he nights; forty and days forty Lord the with there was he And
Israel. with and thee with covenant a made have I words these of tenor the after for words: these thou Write Moses, unto said Lord the And
milk. mother's his in kid a seethe not shalt Thou God. thy Lord the of house the unto bring shalt thou land thy of firstfruits the of first The
morning. the unto left be passover the of feast the of sacrifice the shall neither leaven; with sacrifice my of blood the offer not shalt Thou
year. the in thrice God thy Lord the before appear to up go shalt thou when land, thy desire man any shall neither borders: thy enlarge and thee, before nations the out cast will I For
Israel. of God the God, Lord the before appear menchildren your all shall year the in Thrice
end. year's the at ingathering of feast the and harvest, wheat of firstfruits the of weeks, of feast the observe shalt thou And
rest. shalt thou harvest in and time earing in rest: shalt thou day seventh the on but work, shalt thou days Six
empty. me before appear shall none And redeem. shalt thou sons thy of firstborn the All neck. his break thou shalt then not, him redeem thou if and lamb: a with redeem shalt thou ass an of firstling the But
male. is that sheep, or ox whether cattle, thy among firstling every and mine; is matrix the openeth that All
Egypt. from out camest thou Abib month the in for Abib: month the of time the in thee, commanded I as bread, unleavened eat shalt thou days Seven keep. thou shalt bread unleavened of feast The
gods. molten no thee make shalt Thou
gods. their after whoring a go sons thy make and gods, their after whoring a go daughters their and sons, thy unto daughters their of take thou And
sacrifice; his of eat thou and thee, call one and gods, their unto sacrifice do and gods, their after whoring a go they and land, the of inhabitants the with covenant a make thou Lest
God: jealous a is Jealous, is name whose , Lord the for god: other no worship shalt thou For
groves: their down cut and images, their break altars, their destroy shall ye But
thee: of midst the in snare a for be it lest goest, thou whither land the of inhabitants the with covenant a make thou lest thyself, to heed Take
Jebusite. the and Hivite, the and Perizzite, the and Hittite, the and Canaanite, the and Amorite, the thee before out drive I behold, day: this thee command I which that thou Observe
thee. with do will I that thing terrible a is it for : Lord the of work the see shall art thou which among people the all and nation: any in nor earth, the all in done been not have as such marvels, do will I people thy all before covenant: a make I Behold, said, he And
inheritance. thine for us take and sin, our and iniquity our pardon and people; stiffnecked a is it for us; among go thee, pray I , Lord my let , Lord O sight, thy in grace found have I now If said, he And
worshipped. and earth, the toward head his bowed and haste, made Moses And
generation. fourth the to and third the unto children, children's the upon and children, the upon fathers the of iniquity the visiting guilty; the clear means no by will that and sin, and transgression and iniquity forgiving thousands, for mercy Keeping
truth, and goodness in abundant and longsuffering, gracious, and merciful God, Lord The , Lord The proclaimed, and him, before by passed Lord the And
. Lord the of name the proclaimed and there, him with stood and cloud, the in descended Lord the And
stone. of tables two the hand his in took and him, commanded had Lord the as Sinai, mount unto up went and morning, the in early up rose Moses and first; the unto like stone of tables two hewed he And
mount. that before feed herds nor flocks the let neither mount; the all throughout seen be man any let neither thee, with up come shall man no And
mount. the of top the in me to there thyself present and Sinai, mount unto morning the in up come and morning, the in ready be And
brakest. thou which tables, first the in were that words the tables these upon write will I and first: the unto like stone of tables two thee Hew Moses, unto said Lord the And
seen. be not shall face my but parts: back my see shalt thou and hand, mine away take will I And
by: pass I while hand my with thee cover will and rock, the of clift a in thee put will I that by, passeth glory my while pass, to come shall it And
rock: a upon stand shalt thou and me, by place a is there Behold, said, Lord the And
live. and me, see man no shall there for face: my see not canst Thou said, he And
mercy. shew will I whom on mercy shew will and gracious, be will I whom to gracious be will and thee; before Lord the of name the proclaim will I and thee, before pass goodness my all make will I said, he And
glory. thy me shew thee, beseech I said, he And
name. by thee know I and sight, my in grace found hast thou for spoken: hast thou that also thing this do will I Moses, unto said Lord the And
earth. the of face the upon are that people the all from people, thy and I separated, be we shall so us? with goest thou that in not it is sight? thy in grace found have people thy and I that here known be it shall wherein For
hence. up not us carry me, with not go presence thy If him, unto said he And
rest. thee give will I and thee, with go shall presence My said, he And
people. thy is nation this that consider and sight: thy in grace find may I that thee, know may I that way, thy now me shew sight, thy in grace found have I if thee, pray I therefore, Now
sight. my in grace found also hast thou and name, by thee know I said, hast thou Yet me. with send wilt thou whom know me let not hast thou and people: this up Bring me, unto sayest thou See, , Lord the unto said Moses And
tabernacle. the of out not departed man, young a Nun, of son the Joshua, servant his but camp: the into again turned he And friend. his unto speaketh man a as face, to face Moses unto spake Lord the And
door. tent his in man every worshipped, and up rose people the all and door: tabernacle the at stand pillar cloudy the saw people the all And
Moses. with talked Lord the and tabernacle, the of door the at stood and descended, pillar cloudy the tabernacle, the into entered Moses as pass, to came it And
tabernacle. the into gone was he until Moses, after looked and door, tent his at man every stood and up, rose people the all that tabernacle, the unto out went Moses when pass, to came it And
camp. the without was which congregation, the of tabernacle the unto out went Lord the sought which one every that pass, to came it And congregation. the of Tabernacle the it called and camp, the from off afar camp, the without it pitched and tabernacle, the took Moses And
Horeb. mount the by ornaments their of themselves stripped Israel of children the And
thee. unto do to what know may I that thee, from ornaments thy off put now therefore thee: consume and moment, a in thee of midst the into up come will I people: stiffnecked a are Ye Israel, of children the unto Say Moses, unto said had Lord the For
ornaments. his him on put did man no and mourned: they tidings, evil these heard people the when And
way. the in thee consume I lest people: stiffnecked a art thou for thee; of midst the in up go not will I for honey: and milk with flowing land a Unto
Jebusite: the and Hivite, the Perizzite, the and Hittite, the and Amorite, the Canaanite, the out drive will I and thee; before angel an send will I And
it: give I will seed thy Unto saying, Jacob, to and Isaac, to Abraham, unto sware I which land the unto Egypt, of land the of out up brought hast thou which people the and thou hence, up go and Depart, Moses, unto said Lord the And
made. Aaron which calf, the made they because people, the plagued Lord the And
them. upon sin their visit will I visit I when day the in nevertheless thee: before go shall Angel mine behold, thee: unto spoken have I which of place the unto people the lead go, now Therefore
book. my of out blot I will him me, against sinned hath Whosoever Moses, unto said Lord the And
written. hast thou which book thy of out thee, pray I me, blot not, if and sin--; their forgive wilt thou if now, Yet
gold. of gods them made have and sin, great a sinned have people this Oh, said, and , Lord the unto returned Moses And
sin. your for atonement an make shall I peradventure ; Lord the unto up go will I now and sin: great a sinned have Ye people, the unto said Moses that morrow, the on pass to came it And
day. this blessing a you upon bestow may he that brother; his upon and son, his upon man every even , Lord the to today yourselves Consecrate said, had Moses For
men. thousand three about day that people the of fell there and Moses: of word the to according did Levi of children the And
neighbour. his man every and companion, his man every and brother, his man every slay and camp, the throughout gate to gate from out and in go and side, his by sword his man every Put Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus them, unto said he And
him. unto together themselves gathered Levi of sons the all And me. unto come him let side? 's Lord the on is Who said, and camp, the of gate the in stood Moses Then
enemies:) their among shame their unto naked them made had Aaron (for naked; were people the that saw Moses when And
calf. this out came there and fire, the into it cast I then me: it gave they So off. it break them let gold, any hath Whosoever them, unto said I And
him. of become is what not wot we Egypt, of land the of out up us brought that man the Moses, this for as for us: before go shall which gods, us Make me, unto said they For
mischief. on set are they that people, the knowest thou hot: wax lord my of anger the not Let said, Aaron And
them? upon sin a great so brought hast thou that thee, unto people this did What Aaron, unto said Moses And
it. of drink Israel of children the made and water, the upon it strawed and powder, to it ground and fire, the in it burnt and made, had they which calf the took he And
mount. the beneath them brake and hands, his of out tables the cast he and hot, waxed anger Moses' and dancing: the and calf, the saw he that camp, the unto nigh came he as soon as pass, to came it And
hear. I do sing that them of noise the but overcome: being for cry that them of voice the it is neither mastery, for shout that them of voice the not is It said, he And
camp. the in war of noise a is There Moses, unto said he shouted, they as people the of noise the heard Joshua when And
tables. the upon graven God, of writing the was writing the and God, of work the were tables the And
written. they were other the on and side one the on sides; their both on written were tables the hand: his in were testimony the of tables two the and mount, the from down went and turned, Moses And
people. his unto do to thought he which evil the of repented Lord the And
ever. for it inherit shall they and seed, your unto give I will of spoken have I that land this all and heaven, of stars the as seed your multiply will I them, unto saidst and self, own thine by swarest thou whom to servants, thy Israel, and Isaac, Abraham, Remember
people. thy against evil this of repent and wrath, fierce thy from Turn earth? the of face the from them consume to and mountains, the in them slay to out, them bring he did mischief For say, and speak, Egyptians the should Wherefore
hand? mighty a with and power, great with Egypt of land the of out forth brought hast thou which people, thy against hot wax wrath thy doth why , Lord said, and God, his Lord the besought Moses And
nation. great a thee of make will I and them: consume may I that and them, against hot wax may wrath my that alone, me let therefore Now
people: stiffnecked a is it behold, and, people, this seen have I Moses, unto said Lord the And
Egypt. of land the of out up thee brought have which Israel, O gods, thy be These said, and thereunto, sacrificed have and it, worshipped have and calf, molten a them made have they them: commanded I which way the of out quickly aside turned have They
themselves: corrupted have Egypt, of land the of out broughtest thou which people, thy for down; thee get Go, Moses, unto said Lord the And
play. to up rose and drink, to and eat to down sat people the and offerings; peace brought and offerings, burnt offered and morrow, the on early up rose they And
. Lord the to feast a is morrow To said, and proclamation, made Aaron and it; before altar an built he it, saw Aaron when And
Egypt. of land the of out up thee brought which Israel, O gods, thy be These said, they and calf: molten a it made had he after tool, graving a with it fashioned and hand, their at them received he And
Aaron. unto them brought and ears, their in were which earrings golden the off brake people the all And
me. unto them bring and daughters, your of and sons, your of wives, your of ears the in are which earrings, golden the off Break them, unto said Aaron And
him. of become is what not wot we Egypt, of land the of out up us brought that man the Moses, this for as for us; before go shall which gods, us make Up, him, unto said and Aaron, unto together themselves gathered people the mount, the of out down come to delayed Moses that saw people the when And
God. of finger the with written stone, of tables testimony, of tables two Sinai, mount upon him with communing of end an made had he when Moses, unto gave he And
refreshed. was and rested, he day seventh the on and earth, and heaven made Lord the days six in for ever: for Israel of children the and me between sign a is It
covenant. perpetual a for generations, their throughout sabbath the observe to sabbath, the keep shall Israel of children the Wherefore
death. to put be surely shall he day, sabbath the in work any doeth whosoever : Lord the to holy rest, of sabbath the is seventh the in but done; be work may days Six
people. his among from off cut be shall soul that therein, work any doeth whosoever for death: to put be surely shall it defileth that one every you: unto holy is it for therefore; sabbath the keep shall Ye
you. sanctify doth that Lord the am I that know may ye that generations; your throughout you and me between sign a is it for keep: shall ye sabbaths my Verily saying, Israel, of children the unto also thou Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
do. they shall thee commanded have I that all to according place: holy the for incense sweet and oil, anointing the And
office, priest's the in minister to sons, his of garments the and priest, the Aaron for garments holy the and service, of cloths the And
foot, his and laver the and furniture, his all with offering burnt of altar the And
incense, of altar the and furniture, his all with candlestick pure the and furniture, his and table the And
tabernacle, the of furniture the all and thereupon, is that seat mercy the and testimony, the of ark the and congregation, the of tabernacle The
thee; commanded have I that all make may they that wisdom, put have I hearted wise are that all of hearts the in and Dan: of tribe the of Ahisamach, of son the Aholiab, him with given have I behold, I, And
workmanship. of manner all in work to timber, of carving in and them, set to stones, of cutting in And
brass, in and silver, in and gold, in work to works, cunning devise To
workmanship, of manner all in and knowledge, in and understanding, in and wisdom, in God, of spirit the with him filled have I And
Judah: of tribe the of Hur, of son the Uri, of son the Bezaleel name by called have I See,
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
people. his from off cut be even shall thereto, smell to that, unto like make shall Whosoever
. Lord the for holy thee unto be shall it thereof: composition the to according yourselves to make not shall ye make, shalt thou which perfume the for as And
holy. most you unto be shall it thee: with meet will I where congregation, the of tabernacle the in testimony the before it of put and small, very it of some beat shalt thou And
holy: and pure together, tempered apothecary, the of art the after confection a perfume, a it make shalt thou And
weight: like a be there shall each of frankincense: pure with spices sweet these galbanum; and onycha, and stacte, spices, sweet thee unto Take Moses, unto said Lord the And
people. his from off cut be even shall stranger, a upon it of any putteth whosoever or it, like any compoundeth Whosoever
you. unto holy be shall it and holy, is it it: of composition the after it, like other any make ye shall neither poured, be not it shall flesh man's Upon
generations. your throughout me unto oil anointing holy an be shall This saying, Israel, of children the unto speak shalt thou And
office. priest's the in me unto minister may they that them, consecrate and sons, his and Aaron anoint shalt thou And
holy. be shall them toucheth whatsoever holy: most be may they that them, sanctify shalt thou And
foot. his and laver the and vessels, his all with offering burnt of altar the And
incense, of altar the and vessels, his and candlestick the and vessels, his all and table the And
testimony, the of ark the and therewith, congregation the of tabernacle the anoint shalt thou And
oil. anointing holy an be shall it apothecary: the of art the after compound ointment an ointment, holy of oil an it make shalt thou And
hin: an olive oil of and sanctuary, the of shekel the after shekels, hundred five cassia of And
shekels, fifty and hundred two calamus sweet of and shekels, fifty and hundred two even much, so half cinnamon sweet of and shekels, hundred five myrrh pure of spices, principal thee unto also thou Take
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the Moreover
generations. their throughout seed his to and him to even them, to ever for statute a be shall it and not: die they that feet, their and hands their wash shall they So
: Lord the unto fire by made offering burn to minister, to altar the to near come they when or not; die they that water, with wash shall they congregation, the of tabernacle the into go they When
thereat: feet their and hands their wash shall sons his and Aaron For
therein. water put shalt thou and altar, the and congregation the of tabernacle the between it put shalt thou and withal: wash to brass, of also foot his and brass, of laver a make also shalt Thou
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
souls. your for atonement an make to , Lord the before Israel of children the unto memorial a be may it that congregation; the of tabernacle the of service the for it appoint shalt and Israel, of children the of money atonement the take shalt thou And
souls. your for atonement an make to , Lord the unto offering an give they when shekel, a half than less give not shall poor the and more, give not shall rich The
. Lord the unto offering an give shall above, and old years twenty from numbered, are that them among passeth that one Every
. Lord the of offering the be shall shekel half an gerahs:) twenty is shekel (a sanctuary: the of shekel the after shekel a half numbered, are that them among passeth that one every give, shall they This
them. numberest thou when them, among plague no be there that them; numberest thou when , Lord the unto soul his for ransom a man every give they shall then number, their after Israel of children the of sum the takest thou When
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
. Lord the unto holy most is it generations: your throughout it upon atonement make he shall year the in once atonements: of offering sin the of blood the with year a in once it of horns the upon atonement an make shall Aaron And
thereon. offering drink pour ye shall neither offering; meat nor sacrifice, burnt nor thereon, incense strange no offer shall Ye
generations. your throughout Lord the before incense perpetual a it, upon incense burn shall he even, at lamps the lighteth Aaron when And
it. upon incense burn shall he lamps, the dresseth he when morning: every incense sweet thereon burn shall Aaron And
thee. with meet will I where testimony, the over is that seat mercy the before testimony, the of ark the by is that vail the before it put shalt thou And
gold. with them overlay and wood, shittim of staves the make shalt thou And
withal. it bear to staves the for places for be shall they and it; make thou shalt it of sides two the upon thereof, corners two the by it, of crown the under it to make thou shalt rings golden two And
about. round gold of crown a it unto make shalt thou and thereof; horns the and about, round thereof sides the and thereof, top the gold, pure with it overlay shalt thou And
same. the of be shall thereof horns the thereof: height the be shall cubits two and be: it shall foursquare thereof; breadth the cubit a and thereof, length the be shall cubit A
it. make thou shalt wood shittim of upon: incense burn to altar an make shalt thou And
God. their Lord the am I them: among dwell may I that Egypt, of land the of out forth them brought that God, their Lord the am I that know shall they And
God. their be will and Israel, of children the among dwell will I And
office. priest's the in me to minister to sons, his and Aaron both also sanctify will I altar: the and congregation, the of tabernacle the sanctify will I And
glory. my by sanctified be shall tabernacle the and Israel, of children the with meet will I there And
thee. unto there speak to you, meet will I where : Lord the before congregation the of tabernacle the of door the at generations your throughout offering burnt continual a be shall This
. Lord the unto fire by made offering an savour, sweet a for thereof, offering drink the to according and morning, the of offering meat the to according thereto do shalt and even, at offer shalt thou lamb other the And
offering. drink a for wine of hin an of part fourth the and oil; beaten of hin an of part fourth the with mingled flour of deal tenth a lamb one the with And
even: at offer shalt thou lamb other the and morning; the in offer shalt thou lamb one The
continually. day by day year first the of lambs two altar; the upon offer shalt thou which that is this Now
holy. be shall altar the toucheth whatsoever holy: most altar an be shall it and it; sanctify and altar, the for atonement an make shalt thou days Seven
it. sanctify to it, anoint shalt thou and it, for atonement an made hast thou when altar, the cleanse shalt thou and atonement: for offering sin a for bullock a day every offer shalt thou And
them. consecrate thou shalt days seven thee: commanded have I which things all to according sons, his to and Aaron, unto do thou shalt thus And
holy. is it because eaten, be not shall it fire: with remainder the burn shalt thou then morning, the unto remain bread, the of or consecrations, the of flesh the of ought if And
holy. are they because thereof, eat not shall stranger a but them: sanctify to and consecrate to made, was atonement the wherewith things those eat shall they And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the by basket the in is that bread the and ram, the of flesh the eat shall sons his and Aaron And
place. holy the in flesh his seethe and consecration, the of ram the take shalt thou And
place. holy the in minister to congregation the of tabernacle the into cometh he when days, seven on them put shall stead his in priest is that son that And
them. in consecrated be to and therein, anointed be to him, after sons' his be shall Aaron of garments holy the And
. Lord the unto offering heave their even offerings, peace their of sacrifice the of Israel of children the from offering heave an be shall it and offering: heave an is it for Israel: of children the from ever for statute a by sons' his and Aaron's be shall it And
sons: his for is which that of and Aaron, for is which that of even consecration, the of ram the of up, heaved is which and waved, is which offering, heave the of shoulder the and offering, wave the of breast the sanctify shalt thou And
part. thy be shall it and : Lord the before offering wave a for it wave and consecration, Aaron's of ram the of breast the take shalt thou And
. Lord the unto fire by made offering an is it : Lord the before savour sweet a for offering, burnt a for altar the upon them burn and hands, their of them receive shalt thou And
. Lord the before offering wave a for them wave shalt and sons; his of hands the in and Aaron, of hands the in all put shalt thou And
: Lord the before is that bread unleavened the of basket the of out wafer one and bread, oiled of cake one and bread, of loaf one And
consecration: of ram a is it for shoulder; right the and them, upon is that fat the and kidneys, two the and liver, the above caul the and inwards, the covereth that fat the and rump, the and fat the ram the of take shalt thou Also
him. with garments sons' his and sons, his and garments, his and hallowed, be shall he and him: with sons his of garments the upon and sons, his upon and garments, his upon and Aaron, upon it sprinkle and oil, anointing the of and altar, the upon is that blood the of take shalt thou And
about. round altar the upon blood the sprinkle and foot, right their of toe great the upon and hand, right their of thumb the upon and sons, his of ear right the of tip the upon and Aaron, of ear right the of tip the upon it put and blood, his of take and ram, the kill thou shalt Then
ram. the of head the upon hands their put shall sons his and Aaron and ram; other the take shalt thou And
. Lord the unto fire by made offering an savour, sweet a is it : Lord the unto offering burnt a is it altar: the upon ram whole the burn shalt thou And
head. his unto and pieces, his unto them put and legs, his and him, of inwards the wash and pieces, in ram the cut shalt thou And
altar. the upon about round it sprinkle and blood, his take shalt thou and ram, the slay shalt thou And
ram. the of head the upon hands their put shall sons his and Aaron and ram; one take also shalt Thou
offering. sin a is it camp: the without fire with burn thou shalt dung, his and skin, his and bullock, the of flesh the But
altar. the upon them burn and them, upon is that fat the and kidneys, two the and liver, the above is that caul the and inwards, the covereth that fat the all take shalt thou And
altar. the of bottom the beside blood the all pour and finger, thy with altar the of horns the upon it put and bullock, the of blood the of take shalt thou And
congregation. the of tabernacle the of door the by , Lord the before bullock the kill shalt thou And
bullock. the of head the upon hands their put shall sons his and Aaron and congregation: the of tabernacle the before brought be to bullock a cause shalt thou And
sons. his and Aaron consecrate shalt thou and statute: perpetual a for theirs be shall office priest's the and them: on bonnets the put and sons, his and Aaron girdles, with them gird shalt thou And
them. upon coats put and sons, his bring shalt thou And
him. anoint and head, his upon it pour and oil, anointing the take thou shalt Then
mitre. the upon crown holy the put and head, his upon mitre the put shalt thou And
ephod: the of girdle curious the with him gird and breastplate, the and ephod, the and ephod, the of robe the and coat, the Aaron upon put and garments, the take shalt thou And
water. with them wash shalt and congregation, the of tabernacle the of door the unto bring shalt thou sons his and Aaron And
rams. two the and bullock the with basket, the in them bring and basket, one into them put shalt thou And
them. make thou shalt flour wheaten of oil: with anointed unleavened wafers and oil, with tempered unleavened cakes and bread, unleavened And
blemish, without rams two and bullock, young one Take office: priest's the in me unto minister to them, hallow to them unto do shalt thou that thing the is this And
him. after seed his and him unto ever for statute a be shall it die: and iniquity, not bear they that place; holy the in minister to altar the unto near come they when or congregation, the of tabernacle the unto in come they when sons, his upon and Aaron, upon be shall they And
reach: shall they thighs the unto even loins the from nakedness; their cover to breeches linen them make shalt thou And
office. priest's the in me unto minister may they that them, sanctify and them, consecrate and them, anoint shalt and him; with sons his and brother, thy Aaron upon them put shalt thou And
beauty. for and glory for them, for make thou shalt bonnets and girdles, them for make shalt thou and coats, make shalt thou sons Aaron's for And
needlework. of girdle the make shalt thou and linen, fine of mitre the make shalt thou and linen, fine of coat the embroider shalt thou And
. Lord the before accepted be may they that forehead, his upon always be shall it and gifts; holy their all in hallow shall Israel of children the which things, holy the of iniquity the bear may Aaron that forehead, Aaron's upon be shall it And
be. shall it mitre the of forefront the upon mitre; the upon be may it that lace, blue a on it put shalt thou And
. Lord The To Holiness signet, a of engravings the like it, upon grave and gold, pure of plate a make shalt thou And
not. die he that out, cometh he when and , Lord the before place holy the unto in goeth he when heard be shall sound his and minister: to Aaron upon be shall it And
about. round robe the of hem the upon pomegranate, a and bell golden a pomegranate, a and bell golden A
about: round them between gold of bells and thereof; hem the about round scarlet, of and purple, of and blue, of pomegranates make shalt thou it of hem the upon beneath And
rent. not be it that habergeon, an of hole the were it as it, of hole the about round work woven of binding a have shall it thereof: midst the in it, of top the in hole an be shall there And
blue. of all ephod the of robe the make shalt thou And
continually. Lord the before heart his upon Israel of children the of judgment the bear shall Aaron and : Lord the before in goeth he when heart, Aaron's upon be shall they and Thummim; the and Urim the judgment of breastplate the in put shalt thou And
continually. Lord the before memorial a for place, holy the unto in goeth he when heart, his upon judgment of breastplate the in Israel of children the of names the bear shall Aaron And
ephod. the from loosed not be breastplate the that and ephod, the of girdle curious the above be may it that blue, of lace a with ephod the of rings the unto thereof rings the by breastplate the bind shall they And
ephod. the of girdle curious the above thereof, coupling other the against over thereof, forepart the toward underneath, ephod the of sides two the on them put shalt and make, shalt thou gold of rings other two And
inward. ephod the of side the in is which thereof, border the in breastplate the of ends two the upon them put shalt thou and gold, of rings two make shalt thou And
it. before ephod the of shoulderpieces the on them put and ouches, two the in fasten shalt thou chains wreathen two the of ends two other the And
breastplate. the of ends the on are which rings two the in gold of chains wreathen two the put shalt thou And
breastplate. the of ends two the on rings two the put shalt and gold, of rings two breastplate the upon make shalt thou And
gold. pure of work wreathen of ends the at chains breastplate the upon make shalt thou And
tribes. twelve the to according be they shall name his with one every signet; a of engravings the like names, their to according twelve, Israel, of children the of names the with be shall stones the And
inclosings. their in gold in set be shall they jasper: a and onyx, an and beryl, a row fourth the And
amethyst. an and agate, an ligure, a row third the And
diamond. a and sapphire, a emerald, an be shall row second the And
row. first the be shall this carbuncle: a and topaz, a sardius, a be shall row first the stones: of rows four even stones, of settings it in set shalt thou And
thereof. breadth the be shall span a and thereof, length the be shall span a doubled; being be shall it Foursquare
it. make thou shalt linen, twined fine of and scarlet, of and purple, of and blue, of gold, of it; make shalt thou ephod the of work the after work; cunning with judgment of breastplate the make shalt thou And
ouches. the to chains wreathen the fasten and them, make thou shalt work wreathen of ends; the at gold pure of chains two And
gold; of ouches make shalt thou And
memorial. a for shoulders two his upon Lord the before names their bear shall Aaron and Israel: of children the unto memorial of stones for ephod the of shoulders the upon stones two the put shalt thou And
gold. of ouches in set be to them make shalt thou Israel: of children the of names the with stones two the engrave thou shalt signet, a of engravings the like stone, in engraver an of work the With
birth. their to according stone, other the on rest the of names six other the and stone, one on names their of Six
Israel: of children the of names the them on grave and stones, onyx two take shalt thou And
linen. twined fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, of gold, of even thereof; work the to according same, the of be shall it, upon is which ephod, the of girdle curious the And
together. joined be shall it so and thereof; edges two the at joined thereof shoulderpieces two the have shall It
work. cunning with linen, twined fine and scarlet, of purple, of and blue, of gold, of ephod the make shall they And
linen. fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, and gold, take shall they And
office. priest's the in me unto minister may he that sons, his and brother, thy Aaron for garments holy make shall they and girdle: a and mitre, a coat, broidered a and robe, a and ephod, an and breastplate, a make; shall they which garments the are these And
office. priest's the in me unto minister may he that him, consecrate to garments Aaron's make may they that wisdom, of spirit the with filled have I whom hearted, wise are that all unto speak shalt thou And
beauty. for and glory for brother thy Aaron for garments holy make shalt thou And
sons. Aaron's Ithamar, and Eleazar Abihu, and Nadab Aaron, even office, priest's the in me unto minister may he that Israel, of children the among from him, with sons his and brother, thy Aaron thee unto thou take And
Israel. of children the of behalf the on generations their unto ever for statute a be shall it : Lord the before morning to evening from it order shall sons his and Aaron testimony, the before is which vail, the without congregation the of tabernacle the In
always. burn to lamp the cause to light, the for beaten olive oil pure thee bring they that Israel, of children the command shalt thou And
brass. of be shall court, the of pins the all and thereof, pins the all and thereof, service the all in tabernacle the of vessels the All
brass. of sockets their and linen, twined fine of cubits five height the and where, every fifty breadth the and cubits, hundred an be shall court the of length The
brass. of sockets their and silver, of be shall hooks their silver; with filleted be shall court the about round pillars the All
four. sockets their and four, be shall pillars their and needlework: with wrought linen, twined fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, of cubits, twenty of hanging an be shall court the of gate the for And
three. sockets their and three, pillars their cubits: fifteen hangings be shall side other the on And
three. sockets their and three, pillars their cubits: fifteen be shall gate the of side one of hangings The
cubits. fifty be shall eastward side east the on court the of breadth the And
ten. sockets their and ten, pillars their cubits: fifty of hangings be shall side west the on court the of breadth the for And
silver. of fillets their and pillars the of hooks the brass; of sockets twenty their and pillars twenty his and long, cubits hundred an of hangings be shall there length in side north the for likewise And
silver. of be shall fillets their and pillars the of hooks the brass; of be shall sockets twenty their and thereof pillars twenty the And
side: one for long cubits hundred an of linen twined fine of court the for hangings be shall there southward side south the for tabernacle: the of court the make shalt thou And
it. make they shall so mount, the in thee shewed was it as it: make thou shalt boards with Hollow
it. bear to altar, the of sides two the upon be shall staves the and rings, the into put be shall staves the And
brass. with them overlay and wood, shittim of staves altar, the for staves make shalt thou And
altar. the of midst the to even be may net the that beneath, altar the of compass the under it put shalt thou And
thereof. corners four the in rings brasen four make thou shalt net the upon and brass; of network of grate a it for make shalt thou And
brass. of make shalt thou thereof vessels the all firepans: his and fleshhooks, his and basons, his and shovels, his and ashes, his receive to pans his make shalt thou And
brass. with it overlay shalt thou and same: the of be shall horns his thereof: corners four the upon it of horns the make shalt thou And
cubits. three be shall thereof height the and foursquare: be shall altar the broad; cubits five and long, cubits five wood, shittim of altar an make shalt thou And
them. for brass of sockets five cast shalt thou and gold: of be shall hooks their and gold, with them overlay and wood, shittim of pillars five hanging the for make shalt thou And
needlework. with wrought linen, twined fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, of tent, the of door the for hanging an make shalt thou And
side. north the on table the put shalt thou and south: the toward tabernacle the of side the on table the against over candlestick the and vail, the without table the set shalt thou And
place. holy most the in testimony the of ark the upon seat mercy the put shalt thou And
holy. most the and place holy the between you unto divide shall vail the and testimony: the of ark the vail the within thither in bring mayest thou that taches, the under vail the up hang shalt thou And
silver. of sockets four the upon gold, of be shall hooks their gold: with overlaid wood shittim of pillars four upon it hang shalt thou And
made: be it shall cherubims with work: cunning of linen twined fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, of vail a make shalt thou And
mount. the in thee shewed was which thereof fashion the to according tabernacle the up rear shalt thou And
gold. with bars the overlay shalt thou and bars: the for places for gold of rings their make and gold, with boards the overlay shalt thou And
end. to end from reach shall boards the of midst the in bar middle the And
westward. sides two the for tabernacle, the of side the of boards the for bars five and tabernacle, the of side other the of boards the for bars five And
tabernacle, the of side one the of boards the for five wood; shittim of bars make shalt thou And
board. another under sockets two and board, one under sockets two sockets; sixteen silver, of sockets their and boards, eight be shall they And
corners. two the for be shall they both; them for be it shall thus ring: one unto it of head the above together coupled be shall they and beneath, together coupled be shall they And
sides. two the in tabernacle the of corners the for make thou shalt boards two And
boards. six make shalt thou westward tabernacle the of sides the for And
board. another under sockets two and board, one under sockets two silver; of sockets forty their And
boards: twenty be shall there side north the on tabernacle the of side second the for And
tenons. two his for board another under sockets two and tenons, two his for board one under sockets two boards; twenty the under silver of sockets forty make shalt thou And
southward. side south the on boards twenty tabernacle, the for boards the make shalt thou And
tabernacle. the of boards the all for make thou shalt thus another: against one order in set board, one in be there shall tenons Two
board. one of breadth the be shall half a and cubit a and board, a of length the be shall cubits Ten
up. standing wood shittim of tabernacle the for boards make shalt thou And
skins. badgers' of above covering a and red, dyed skins rams' of tent the for covering a make shalt thou And
it. cover to side, that on and side this on tabernacle the of sides the over hang shall it tent, the of curtains the of length the in remaineth which that of side other the on cubit a and side, one the on cubit a And
tabernacle. the of backside the over hang shall remaineth, that curtain half the tent, the of curtains the of remaineth that remnant the And
one. be may it that together, tent the couple and loops, the into taches the put and brass, of taches fifty make shalt thou And
second. the coupleth which curtain the of edge the in loops fifty and coupling, the in outmost is that curtain one the of edge the on loops fifty make shalt thou And
tabernacle. the of forefront the in curtain sixth the double shalt and themselves, by curtains six and themselves, by curtains five couple shalt thou And
measure. one of all be shall curtains eleven the and cubits: four curtain one of breadth the and cubits, thirty be shall curtain one of length The
make. thou shalt curtains eleven tabernacle: the upon covering a be to hair goats' of curtains make shalt thou And
tabernacle. one be shall it and taches: the with together curtains the couple and gold, of taches fifty make shalt thou And
another. of one hold take may loops the that second; the of coupling the in is that curtain the of edge the in make thou shalt loops fifty and curtain, one the in make thou shalt loops Fifty
second. the of coupling the in curtain, another of edge uttermost the in make thou shalt likewise and coupling; the in selvedge the from curtain one the of edge the upon blue of loops make shalt thou And
another. to one coupled be shall curtains five other and another; to one together coupled be shall curtains five The
measure. one have shall curtains the of one every and cubits: four curtain one of breadth the and cubits, twenty and eight be shall curtain one of length The
them. make thou shalt work cunning of cherubims with scarlet: and purple, and blue, and linen, twined fine of curtains ten with tabernacle the make shalt thou Moreover
mount. the in thee shewed was which pattern, their after them make thou that look And
vessels. these all with it, make he shall gold pure of talent a Of
gold. pure of be shall thereof, snuffdishes the and thereof, tongs the And
it. against over light give may they that thereof, lamps the light shall they and thereof: lamps seven the make shalt thou And
gold. pure of work beaten one be shall it all same: the of be shall branches their and knops Their
candlestick. the of out proceed that branches six the to according same, the of branches two under knop a and same, the of branches two under knop a and same, the of branches two under knop a be shall there And
flowers. their and knops their with almonds, unto like made bowls four be shall candlesticks the in And
candlestick. the of out come that branches six the in so flower: a and knop a with branch, other the in almonds like made bowls three and branch; one in flower a and knop a with almonds, unto like made bowls Three
side: other the of out candlestick the of branches three and side, one the of out candlestick the of branches three it; of sides the of out come shall branches six And
same. the of be shall flowers, his and knops, his bowls, his branches, his and shaft, his made: be candlestick the shall work beaten of gold: pure of candlestick a make shalt thou And
alway. me before shewbread table the upon set shalt thou And
them. make thou shalt gold pure of withal: cover to thereof, bowls and thereof, covers and thereof, spoons and thereof, dishes the make shalt thou And
them. with borne be may table the that gold, with them overlay and wood, shittim of staves the make shalt thou And
table. the bear to staves the of places for be rings the shall border the against Over
thereof. feet four the on are that corners four the in rings the put and gold, of rings four it for make shalt thou And
about. round thereof border the to crown golden a make shalt thou and about, round breadth hand an of border a it unto make shalt thou And
about. round gold of crown a thereto make and gold, pure with it overlay shalt thou And
thereof. height the half a and cubit a and thereof, breadth the cubit a and thereof, length the be shall cubits two wood: shittim of table a make also shalt Thou
Israel. of children the unto commandment in thee give will I which things all of testimony, the of ark the upon are which cherubims two the between from seat, mercy the above from thee with commune will I and thee, with meet will I there And
thee. give shall I that testimony the put shalt thou ark the in and ark; the upon above seat mercy the put shalt thou And
be. cherubims the of faces the shall seat mercy the toward another; to one look shall faces their and wings, their with seat mercy the covering high, on wings their forth stretch shall cherubims the And
thereof. ends two the on cherubims the make ye shall seat mercy the of even end: other the on cherub other the and end, one the on cherub one make And
seat. mercy the of ends two the in them, make thou shalt work beaten of gold, of cherubims two make shalt thou And
thereof. breadth the half a and cubit a and thereof, length the be shall half a and cubits two gold: pure of seat mercy a make shalt thou And
thee. give shall I which testimony the ark the into put shalt thou And
it. from taken be not shall they ark: the of rings the in be shall staves The
them. with borne be may ark the that ark, the of sides the by rings the into staves the put shalt thou And
gold. with them overlay and wood, shittim of staves make shalt thou And
it. of side other the in rings two and it, of side one the in be shall rings two and thereof; corners four the in them put and it, for gold of rings four cast shalt thou And
about. round gold of crown a it upon make shalt and it, overlay thou shalt without and within gold, pure with it overlay shalt thou And
thereof. height the half a and cubit a and thereof, breadth the half a and cubit a and thereof, length the be shall half a and cubits two wood: shittim of ark an make shall they And
it. make ye shall so even thereof, instruments the all of pattern the and tabernacle, the of pattern the after thee, shew I that all to According
them. among dwell may I that sanctuary; a me make them let And
breastplate. the in and ephod, the in set be to stones and stones, Onyx
incense, sweet for and oil, anointing for spices light, the for Oil
wood, shittim and skins, badgers' and red, dyed skins rams' And
hair, goats' and linen, fine and scarlet, and purple, and blue, And
brass, and silver, and gold, them; of take shall ye which offering the is this And
offering. my take shall ye heart his with willingly it giveth that man every of offering: an me bring they that Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
nights. forty and days forty mount the in was Moses and mount: the into up him gat and cloud, the of midst the into went Moses And
Israel. of children the of eyes the in mount the of top the on fire devouring like was Lord the of glory the of sight the And
cloud. the of midst the of out Moses unto called he day seventh the and days: six it covered cloud the and Sinai, mount upon abode Lord the of glory the And
mount. the covered cloud a and mount, the into up went Moses And
them. unto come him let do, to matters any have man any if you: with are Hur and Aaron behold, and, you: unto again come we until us, for here ye Tarry elders, the unto said he And
God. of mount the into up went Moses and Joshua: minister his and up, rose Moses And
them. teach mayest thou that written; have I which commandments and law, a and stone, of tables thee give will I and there: be and mount, the into me to up Come Moses, unto said Lord the And
drink. and eat did and God, saw they also hand: his not laid he Israel of children the of nobles the upon And
clearness. his in heaven of body the were it as and stone, sapphire a of work paved a were it as feet his under was there and Israel: of God the saw they And
Israel: of elders the of seventy and Abihu, and Nadab, Aaron, and Moses, up went Then
words. these all concerning you with made hath Lord the which covenant, the of blood the Behold said, and people, the on it sprinkled and blood, the took Moses And
obedient. be and do, we will said hath Lord the that All said, they and people: the of audience the in read and covenant, the of book the took he And
altar. the on sprinkled he blood the of half and basons; in it put and blood, the of half took Moses And
. Lord the unto oxen of offerings peace sacrificed and offerings, burnt offered which Israel, of children the of men young sent he And
Israel. of tribes twelve the to according pillars, twelve and hill, the under altar an builded and morning, the in early up rose and , Lord the of words the all wrote Moses And
do. we will said hath Lord the which words the All said, and voice, one with answered people the all and judgments: the all and , Lord the of words the all people the told and came Moses And
him. with up go people the shall neither nigh; come not shall they but : Lord the near come shall alone Moses And
off. afar ye worship and Israel; of elders the of seventy and Abihu, and Nadab, Aaron, and thou, , Lord the unto up Come Moses, unto said he And
thee. unto snare a be surely will it gods, their serve thou if for me: against sin thee make they lest land, thy in dwell not shall They
gods. their with nor them, with covenant no make shalt Thou
thee. before out them drive shalt thou and hand; your into land the of inhabitants the deliver will I for river: the unto desert the from and Philistines, the of sea the unto even sea Red the from bounds thy set will I And
land. the inherit and increased, be thou until thee, before from out them drive will I little and little By
thee. against multiply field the of beast the and desolate, become land the lest year; one in thee before from out them drive not will I
thee. before from Hittite, the and Canaanite, the Hivite, the out drive shall which thee, before hornets send will I And
thee. unto backs their turn enemies thine all make will I and come, shalt thou whom to people the all destroy will and thee, before fear my send will I
fulfil. will I days thy of number the land: thy in barren, be nor young, their cast nothing shall There
thee. of midst the from away sickness take will I and water; thy and bread, thy bless shall he and God, your Lord the serve shall ye And
images. their down break quite and them, overthrow utterly shalt thou but works: their after do nor them, serve nor gods, their to down bow not shalt Thou
off. them cut will I and Jebusites: the and Hivites, the Canaanites, the and Perizzites, the and Hittites, the and Amorites, the unto in thee bring and thee, before go shall Angel mine For
adversaries. thine unto adversary an and enemies, thine unto enemy an be will I then speak; I that all do and voice, his obey indeed shalt thou if But
him. in is name my for transgressions: your pardon not will he for not; him provoke voice, his obey and him, of Beware
prepared. have I which place the into thee bring to and way, the in thee keep to thee, before Angel an send I Behold,
milk. mother's his in kid a seethe not shalt Thou God. thy Lord the of house the into bring shalt thou land thy of firstfruits the of first The
morning. the until remain sacrifice my of fat the shall neither bread; leavened with sacrifice my of blood the offer not shalt Thou
God. Lord the before appear shall males thy all year the in times Three
field. the of out labours thy in gathered hast thou when year, the of end the in is which ingathering, of feast the and field: the in sown hast thou which labours, thy of firstfruits the harvest, of feast the And
empty:) me before appear shall none and Egypt: from out camest thou it in for Abib; month the of appointed time the in thee, commanded I as days, seven bread unleavened eat shalt (thou bread: unleavened of feast the keep shalt Thou
year. the in me unto feast a keep shalt thou times Three
mouth. thy of out heard be it let neither gods, other of name the of mention no make and circumspect: be you unto said have I that things all in And
refreshed. be may stranger, the and handmaid, thy of son the and rest, may ass thine and ox thine that rest: shalt thou day seventh the on and work, thy do shalt thou days Six
oliveyard. thy with and vineyard, thy with deal shalt thou manner like In eat. shall field the of beasts the leave they what and eat: may people thy of poor the that still; lie and rest it let shalt thou year seventh the But
thereof: fruits the in gather shalt and land, thy sow shalt thou years six And
Egypt. of land the in strangers were ye seeing stranger, a of heart the know ye for stranger: a oppress not shalt thou Also
righteous. the of words the perverteth and wise, the blindeth gift the for gift: no take shalt thou And
wicked. the justify not will I for not: thou slay righteous and innocent the and matter; false a from far thee Keep
cause. his in poor thy of judgment the wrest not shalt Thou
him. with help surely shalt thou him, help to forbear wouldest and burden, his under lying thee hateth that him of ass the see thou If
again. him to back it bring surely shalt thou astray, going ass his or ox enemy's thine meet thou If
cause. his in man poor a countenance thou shalt Neither
judgment: wrest to many after decline to cause a in speak thou shalt neither evil; do to multitude a follow not shalt Thou
witness. unrighteous an be to wicked the with hand thine not put report: false a raise not shalt Thou
dogs. the to it cast shall ye field; the in beasts of torn is that flesh any eat ye shall neither me: unto men holy be shall ye And
me. it give shalt thou day eighth the on dam; his with be shall it days seven sheep: thy with and oxen, thine with do thou shalt Likewise
me. unto give thou shalt sons thy of firstborn the liquors: thy of and fruits, ripe thy of first the offer to delay not shalt Thou
people. thy of ruler the curse nor gods, the revile not shalt Thou
gracious. am I for hear; will I that me, unto crieth he when pass, to come shall it and sleep? he shall wherein skin: his for raiment his is it only, covering his is that For
down: goeth sun the that by him unto it deliver shalt thou pledge, to raiment neighbour's thy take all at thou If
usury. him upon lay thou shalt neither usurer, an as him to be not shalt thou thee, by poor is that people my of any to money lend thou If
fatherless. children your and widows, be shall wives your and sword; the with you kill will I and hot, wax shall wrath my And
cry; their hear surely will I me, unto all at cry they and wise, any in them afflict thou If
child. fatherless or widow, any afflict not shall Ye
Egypt. of land the in strangers were ye for him: oppress nor stranger, a vex neither shalt Thou
destroyed. utterly be shall he only, Lord the unto save god, any unto sacrificeth that He
death. to put be surely shall beast a with lieth Whosoever
live. to witch a suffer not shalt Thou
virgins. of dowry the to according money pay shall he him, unto her give to refuse utterly father her If
wife. his be to her endow surely shall he her, with lie and betrothed, not is that maid a entice man a if And
hire. his for came it thing, hired an be it if good: it make not shall he it, with be thereof owner the if But
good. it make surely shall he it, with not being thereof owner the die, or hurt, be it and neighbour, his of ought borrow man a if And
torn. was which that good make not shall he and witness, for it bring him let then pieces, in torn be it If
thereof. owner the unto restitution make shall he him, from stolen be it if And
good. it make not shall he and thereof, accept shall it of owner the and goods; neighbour's his unto hand his put not hath he that both, them between be Lord the of oath an shall Then
it: seeing man no away, driven or hurt, be or die, it and keep; to beast, any or sheep, a or ox, an or ass, an neighbour his unto deliver man a If
neighbour. his unto double pay shall he condemn, shall judges the whom and judges; the before come shall parties both of cause the his, be to challengeth another which thing lost of manner any for or raiment, for sheep, for ass, for ox, for be it whether trespass, of manner all For
goods. neighbour's his unto hand his put have he whether see to judges, the unto brought be shall house the of master the then found, not be thief the If
double. pay him let found, be thief the if house; man's the of out stolen be it and keep, to stuff or money neighbour his unto deliver shall man a If
restitution. make surely shall fire the kindled that he therewith; consumed be field, the or corn, standing the or corn, of stacks the that so thorns, in catch and out, break fire If
restitution. make he shall vineyard, own his of best the of and field, own his of best the of field; man's another in feed shall and beast, his in put shall and eaten, be to vineyard or field a cause shall man a If
double. restore shall he sheep; or ass, or ox, be it whether alive, hand his in found certainly be theft the If
theft. his for sold be shall he then nothing, have he if restitution; full make should he for him; for shed blood be shall there him, upon risen be sun the If
him. for shed be blood no shall there die, he that smitten be and up, breaking found be thief a If
sheep. a for sheep four and ox, an for oxen five restore shall he it; sell or it, kill and sheep, a or ox, an steal shall man a If
own. his be shall dead the and ox; for ox pay surely shall he in; him kept not hath owner his and past, time in push to used hath ox the that known be it if Or
divide. shall they also ox dead the and it; of money the divide and ox, live the sell shall they then die; he that another's, hurt ox man's one if And
his. be shall beast dead the and them; of owner the unto money give and good, it make shall pit the of owner The
therein; fall ass an or ox an and it, cover not and pit, a dig shall man a if or pit, a open shall man a if And
stoned. be shall ox the and silver, of shekels thirty master their unto give shall he maidservant; a or manservant a push shall ox the If
him. unto done be it shall judgment this to according daughter, a gored have or son, a gored have he Whether
him. upon laid is whatsoever life his of ransom the for give shall he then money, of sum a him on laid be there If
death. to put be shall also owner his and stoned, be shall ox the woman; a or man a killed hath he that but in, him kept not hath he and owner, his to testified been hath it and past, time in horn his with push to wont were ox the if But
quit. be shall ox the of owner the but eaten; be not shall flesh his and stoned, surely be shall ox the then die: they that woman, a or man a gore ox an If
sake. tooth's his for free go him let shall he tooth; maidservant's his or tooth, manservant's his out smite he if And
sake. eye's his for free go him let shall he perish; it that maid, his of eye the or servant, his of eye the smite man a if And
stripe. for stripe wound, for wound burning, for Burning
foot, for foot hand, for hand tooth, for tooth eye, for Eye
life, for life give shalt thou then follow, mischief any if And
determine. judges the as pay shall he and him; upon lay will husband woman's the as according punished, surely be shall he follow: mischief no yet and her, from depart fruit her that so child, with woman a hurt and strive, men If
money. his is he for punished: be not shall he two, or day a continue he if Notwithstanding,
punished. surely be shall he hand; his under die he and rod, a with maid, his or servant, his smite man a if And
healed. thoroughly be to him cause shall and time, his of loss the for pay shall he only quit: be him smote that he shall then staff, his upon abroad walk and again, rise he If
bed: his keepeth but not, die he and fist, his with or stone, a with another smite one and together, strive men if And
death. to put be surely shall mother, his or father, his curseth that he And
death. to put be surely shall he hand, his in found be he if or him, selleth and man, a stealeth that he And
death. to put surely be shall mother, his or father, his smiteth that he And
die. may he that altar, mine from him take shalt thou guile; with him slay to neighbour, his upon presumptuously come man a if But
flee. shall he whither place a thee appoint will I then hand; his into him deliver God but wait, in not lie man a if And
death. to put surely be shall die, he that so man, a smiteth that He
money. without free out go she shall then her, unto three these not do he if And
diminish. not he shall marriage, of duty her and raiment, her food, her wife; another him take he If
daughters. of manner the after her with deal shall he son, his unto her betrothed have he if And
her. with deceitfully dealt hath he seeing power, no have shall he nation strange a unto her sell to redeemed: be her let he shall then himself, to her betrothed hath who master, her not please she If
do. menservants the as out go not shall she maidservant, a be to daughter his sell man a if And
ever. for him serve shall he and aul; an with through ear his bore shall master his and post; door the unto or door, the to him bring also shall he judges; the unto him bring shall master his Then
free: out go not will I children; my and wife, my master, my love I say, plainly shall servant the if And
himself. by out go shall he and master's, her be shall children her and wife the daughters; or sons him born have she and wife, a him given have master his If
him. with out go shall wife his then married, were he if himself: by out go shall he himself, by in came he If
nothing. for free out go shall he seventh the in and serve: shall he years six servant, Hebrew an buy thou If
them. before set shalt thou which judgments the are these Now
thereon. discovered not be nakedness thy that altar, mine unto steps by up go thou shalt Neither
it. polluted hast thou it, upon tool thy up lift thou if for stone: hewn of it build not shalt thou stone, of altar an me make wilt thou if And
thee. bless will I and thee, unto come will I name my record I where places all in oxen: thine and sheep, thy offerings, peace thy and offerings, burnt thy thereon sacrifice shalt and me, unto make shalt thou earth of altar An
gold. of gods you unto make ye shall neither silver, of gods me with make not shall Ye
heaven. from you with talked have I that seen have Ye Israel, of children the unto say shalt thou Thus Moses, unto said Lord the And
was. God where darkness thick the unto near drew Moses and off, afar stood people the And
not. sin ye that faces, your before be may fear his that and you, prove to come is God for not: Fear people, the unto said Moses And
die. we lest us, with speak God not let but hear: will we and us, with thou Speak Moses, unto said they And
off. afar stood and removed, they it, saw people the when and smoking: mountain the and trumpet, the of noise the and lightnings, the and thunderings, the saw people the all And
neighbour's. thy is that thing any nor ass, his nor ox, his nor maidservant, his nor manservant, his nor wife, neighbour's thy covet not shalt thou house, neighbour's thy covet not shalt Thou
neighbour. thy against witness false bear not shalt Thou
steal. not shalt Thou
adultery. commit not shalt Thou
kill. not shalt Thou
thee. giveth God thy Lord the which land the upon long be may days thy that mother: thy and father thy Honour
it. hallowed and day, sabbath the blessed Lord the wherefore day: seventh the rested and is, them in that all and sea, the earth, and heaven made Lord the days six in For
gates: thy within is that stranger thy nor cattle, thy nor maidservant, thy nor manservant, thy daughter, thy nor son, thy nor thou, work, any do not shalt thou it in God: thy Lord the of sabbath the is day seventh the But
work: thy all do and labour, thou shalt days Six
holy. it keep to day, sabbath the Remember
vain. in name his taketh that guiltless him hold not will Lord the for vain; in God thy Lord the of name the take not shalt Thou
commandments. my keep and me, love that them of thousands unto mercy shewing And
me; hate that them of generation fourth and third the unto children the upon fathers the of iniquity the visiting God, jealous a am God thy Lord the I for them: serve nor them, to thyself down bow not shalt Thou
earth. the under water the in is that or beneath, earth the in is that or above, heaven in is that thing any of likeness any or image, graven any thee unto make not shalt Thou
me. before gods other no have shalt Thou
bondage. of house the of out Egypt, of land the of out thee brought have which God, thy Lord the am I
saying, words, these all spake God And
them. unto spake and people, the unto down went Moses So
them. upon forth break he lest , Lord the unto up come to through break people the and priests the not let but thee: with Aaron and thou, up, come shalt thou and down, thee get Away, him, unto said Lord the And
it. sanctify and mount, the about bounds Set saying, us, chargedst thou for Sinai: mount to up come cannot people The , Lord the unto said Moses And
them. upon forth break Lord the lest themselves, sanctify , Lord the to near come which also, priests the let And
perish. them of many and gaze, to Lord the unto through break they lest people, the charge down, Go Moses, unto said Lord the And
up. went Moses and mount; the of top the to up Moses called Lord the and mount: the of top the on Sinai, mount upon down came Lord the And
voice. a by him answered God and spake, Moses louder, and louder waxed and long, sounded trumpet the of voice the when And
greatly. quaked mount whole the and furnace, a of smoke the as ascended thereof smoke the and fire: in it upon descended Lord the because smoke, a on altogether was Sinai mount And
mount. the of part nether the at stood they and God; with meet to camp the of out people the forth brought Moses And
trembled. camp the in was that people the all that so loud; exceeding trumpet the of voice the and mount, the upon cloud thick a and lightnings, and thunders were there that morning, the in day third the on pass to came it And
wives. your at not come day: third the against ready Be people, the unto said he And
clothes. their washed they and people; the sanctified and people, the unto mount the from down went Moses And
mount. the to up come shall they long, soundeth trumpet the when live: not shall it man, or beast be it whether through; shot or stoned, be surely shall he but it, touch hand an not shall There
death: to put surely be shall mount the toucheth whosoever it: of border the touch or mount, the into up not go ye that yourselves, to heed Take saying, about, round people the unto bounds set shalt thou And
Sinai. mount upon people the all of sight the in down come will Lord the day third the for day: third the against ready be And
clothes, their wash them let and morrow, to and day to them sanctify and people, the unto Go Moses, unto said Lord the And
. Lord the unto people the of words the told Moses And ever. for thee believe and thee, with speak I when hear may people the that cloud, thick a in thee unto come I Lo, Moses, unto said Lord the And
. Lord the unto people the of words the returned Moses And do. will we spoken hath Lord the that All said, and together, answered people the all And
him. commanded Lord the which words these all faces their before laid and people, the of elders the for called and came Moses And
Israel. of children the unto speak shalt thou which words the are These nation. holy an and priests, of kingdom a me unto be shall ye And
mine: is earth the all for people: all above me unto treasure peculiar a be shall ye then covenant, my keep and indeed, voice my obey will ye if therefore, Now
myself. unto you brought and wings, eagles' on you bare I how and Egyptians, the unto did I what seen have Ye
Israel; of children the tell and Jacob, of house the to say thou shalt Thus saying, mountain, the of out him unto called Lord the and God, unto up went Moses And
mount. the before camped Israel there and wilderness; the in pitched had and Sinai, of desert the to come were and Rephidim, from departed were they For
Sinai. of wilderness the into they came day same the Egypt, of land the of out forth gone were Israel of children the when month, third the In
land. own his into way his went he and depart; law in father his let Moses And
themselves. judged they matter small every but Moses, unto brought they causes hard the seasons: all at people the judged they And
tens. of rulers and fifties, of rulers hundreds, of rulers thousands, of rulers people, the over heads them made and Israel, all of out men able chose Moses And
said. had he that all did and law, in father his of voice the to hearkened Moses So
peace. in place their to go also shall people this all and endure, to able be shalt thou then so, thee command God and thing, this do shalt thou If
thee. with burden the bear shall they and thyself, for easier be it shall so judge: shall they matter small every but thee, unto bring shall they matter great every that be, shall it and seasons: all at people the judge them let And
tens: of rulers and fifties, of rulers hundreds, of rulers and thousands, of rulers be to them, over such place and covetousness; hating truth, of men God, fear as such men, able people the all of out provide shalt thou Moreover
do. must they that work the and walk, must they wherein way the them shew shalt and laws, and ordinances them teach shalt thou And
God: unto causes the bring mayest thou that God-ward, to people the for thou Be thee: with be shall God and counsel, thee give will I voice, my unto now Hearken
alone. thyself it perform to able not art thou thee; for heavy too is thing this for thee: with is that people this and thou, both away, wear surely wilt Thou
good. not is doest thou that thing The him, unto said law in father Moses' And
laws. his and God, of statutes the know them make do I and another, and one between judge I and me; unto come they matter, a have they When
God: of enquire to me unto come people the Because law, in father his unto said Moses And
even? unto morning from thee by stand people the all and alone, thyself thou sittest why people? the to doest thou that thing this is What said, he people, the to did he that all saw law in father Moses' when And
evening. the unto morning the from Moses by stood people the and people: the judge to sat Moses that morrow, the on pass to came it And
God. before law in father Moses' with bread eat to Israel, of elders the all and came, Aaron and God: for sacrifices and offering burnt a took law, in father Moses' Jethro, And
them. above was he proudly dealt they wherein thing the in for gods: all than greater is Lord the that know I Now
Egyptians. the of hand the under from people the delivered hath who Pharaoh, of hand the of out and Egyptians, the of hand the of out you delivered hath who , Lord the be Blessed said, Jethro And
Egyptians. the of hand the of out delivered had he whom Israel, to done had Lord the which goodness the all for rejoiced Jethro And
them. delivered Lord the how and way, the by them upon come had that travail the all and sake, Israel's for Egyptians the to and Pharaoh unto done had Lord the that all law in father his told Moses And
tent. the into came they and welfare; their of other each asked they and him; kissed and obeisance, did and law, in father his meet to out went Moses And
her. with sons two her and wife, thy and thee, unto come am Jethro law in father thy I Moses, unto said he And
God: of mount the at encamped he where wilderness, the into Moses unto wife his and sons his with came law, in father Moses' Jethro, And
Pharaoh: of sword the from me delivered and help, mine was he, said father, my of God the for Eliezer; was other the of name the And
land: strange a in alien an been have I said, he for Gershom; was one the of name the which of sons; two her And
back, her sent had he after wife, Moses' Zipporah, took law, in father Moses' Jethro, Then
Egypt; of out Israel brought had Lord the that and people, his Israel for and Moses, for done had God that all of heard law, in father Moses' Midian, of priest the Jethro, When
generation. to generation from Amalek with war have will Lord the that sworn hath Lord the Because said, he For
Jehovahnissi: it of name the called and altar, an built Moses And
heaven. under from Amalek of remembrance the out put utterly will I for Joshua: of ears the in it rehearse and book, a in memorial a for this Write Moses, unto said Lord the And
sword. the of edge the with people his and Amalek discomfited Joshua And
sun. the of down going the until steady were hands his and side; other the on other the and side, one the on one the hands, his up stayed Hur and Aaron and thereon; sat he and him, under it put and stone, a took they and heavy; were hands Moses But
prevailed. Amalek hand, his down let he when and prevailed: Israel that hand, his up held Moses when pass, to came it And
hill. the of top the to up went Hur and Aaron, Moses, and Amalek: with fought and him, to said had Moses as did Joshua So
hand. mine in God of rod the with hill the of top the on stand will I morrow to Amalek: with fight out, go and men, out us Choose Joshua, unto said Moses And
Rephidim. in Israel with fought and Amalek, came Then
not? or us, among Lord the Is saying, , Lord the tempted they because and Israel, of children the of chiding the of because Meribah, and Massah, place the of name the called he And
Israel. of elders the of sight the in so did Moses And drink. may people the that it, of out water come shall there and rock, the smite shalt thou and Horeb; in rock the upon there thee before stand will I Behold,
go. and hand, thine in take river, the smotest thou wherewith rod, thy and Israel; of elders the of thee with take and people, the before on Go Moses, unto said Lord the And
me. stone to ready almost be they people? this unto do I shall What saying, , Lord the unto cried Moses And
thirst? with cattle our and children our and us kill to Egypt, of out up us brought hast thou that this is Wherefore said, and Moses, against murmured people the and water; for there thirsted people the And
? Lord the tempt ye do wherefore me? with ye chide Why them, unto said Moses And drink. may we that water us Give said, and Moses, with chide did people the Wherefore
drink. to people the for water no was there and Rephidim: in pitched and , Lord the of commandment the to according journeys, their after Sin, of wilderness the from journeyed Israel of children the of congregation the all And
ephah. an of part tenth the is omer an Now
Canaan. of land the of borders the unto came they until manna, eat did they inhabited; land a to came they until years, forty manna eat did Israel of children the And
kept. be to Testimony, the before up it laid Aaron so Moses, commanded Lord the As
generations. your for kept be to , Lord the before up it lay and therein, manna of full omer an put and pot, a Take Aaron, unto said Moses And
Egypt. of land the from forth you brought I when wilderness, the in you fed have I wherewith bread the see may they that generations; your for kept be to it of omer an Fill commandeth, Lord the which thing the is This said, Moses And
honey. with made wafers like was it of taste the and white; seed, coriander like was it and Manna: thereof name the called Israel of house the And
day. seventh the on rested people the So
day. seventh the on place his of out go man no let place, his in man every ye abide days; two of bread the day sixth the on you giveth he therefore sabbath, the you given hath Lord the that for See,
laws? my and commandments my keep to ye refuse long How Moses, unto said Lord the And
none. found they and gather, to for day seventh the on people the of some out went there that pass, to came it And
none. be shall there it in sabbath, the is which day, seventh the on but it; gather shall ye days Six
field. the in it find not shall ye day to : Lord the unto sabbath a is day to for day; to that Eat said, Moses And
therein. worm any there was neither stink, not did it and bade: Moses as morning, the till up it laid they And
morning. the until kept be to you for up lay over remaineth which that and seethe; will ye that seethe and day, to bake will ye which that bake : Lord the unto sabbath holy the of rest the is morrow To said, hath Lord the which that is This them, unto said he And
Moses. told and came congregation the of rulers the all and man: one for omers two bread, much as twice gathered they day sixth the on that pass, to came it And
melted. it hot, waxed sun the when and eating: his to according man every morning, every it gathered they And
them. with wroth was Moses and stank: and worms, bred it and morning, the until it of left them of some but Moses; unto not hearkened they Notwithstanding
morning. the till it of leave man no Let said, Moses And
eating. his to according man every gathered they lack; no had little gathered that he and over, nothing had much gathered that he omer, an with it mete did they when And
less. some more, some gathered, and so, did Israel of children the And
tents. his in are which them for man every ye take persons; your of number the to according man, every for omer an eating, his to according man every it of Gather commanded, hath Lord the which thing the is This
eat. to you given hath Lord the which bread the is This them, unto said Moses And was. it what not wist they for manna: is It another, to one said they it, saw Israel of children the when And
ground. the on frost hoar the as small as thing, round small a lay there wilderness the of face the upon behold, up, gone was lay that dew the when And
host. the about round lay dew the morning the in and camp: the covered and up, came quails the even at that pass, to came it And
God. your Lord the am I that know shall ye and bread; with filled be shall ye morning the in and flesh, eat shall ye even At saying, them, unto speak Israel: of children the of murmurings the heard have I
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
cloud. the in appeared Lord the of glory the behold, and, wilderness, the toward looked they that Israel, of children the of congregation whole the unto spake Aaron as pass, to came it And
murmurings. your heard hath he for : Lord the before near Come Israel, of children the of congregation the all unto Say Aaron, unto spake Moses And
. Lord the against but us, against not are murmurings your we? are what and him: against murmur ye which murmurings your heareth Lord the that for full; the to bread morning the in and eat, to flesh evening the in you give shall Lord the when be, shall This said, Moses And
us? against murmur ye that we, are what and : Lord the against murmurings your heareth he that for ; Lord the of glory the see shall ye then morning, the in And
Egypt: of land the from out you brought hath Lord the that know shall ye then even, At Israel, of children the all unto said Aaron and Moses And
daily. gather they as much as twice be shall it and in; bring they which that prepare shall they day sixth the on that pass, to come shall it And
no. or law, my in walk will they whether them, prove may I that day, every rate certain a gather and out go shall people the and you; for heaven from bread rain will I Behold, Moses, unto Lord the said Then
hunger. with assembly whole this kill to wilderness, this into forth us brought have ye for full; the to bread eat did we when and pots, flesh the by sat we when Egypt, of land the in Lord the of hand the by died had we God to Would them, unto said Israel of children the And
wilderness: the in Aaron and Moses against murmured Israel of children the of congregation whole the And
Egypt. of land the of out departing their after month second the of day fifteenth the on Sinai, and Elim between is which Sin, of wilderness the unto came Israel of children the of congregation the all and Elim, from journey their took they And
waters. the by there encamped they and trees: palm ten and threescore and water, of wells twelve were where Elim, to came they And
thee. healeth that Lord the am I for Egyptians: the upon brought have I which thee, upon diseases these of none put will I statutes, his all keep and commandments, his to ear give wilt and sight, his in right is which that do wilt and God, thy Lord the of voice the to hearken diligently wilt thou If said, And
them, proved he there and ordinance, an and statute a them for made he there sweet: made were waters the waters, the into cast had he when which tree, a him shewed Lord the and ; Lord the unto cried he And
drink? we shall What saying, Moses, against murmured people the And
Marah. called was it of name the therefore bitter: were they for Marah, of waters the of drink not could they Marah, to came they when And
water. no found and wilderness, the in days three went they and Shur; of wilderness the into out went they and sea, Red the from Israel brought Moses So
sea. the into thrown he hath rider his and horse the gloriously; triumphed hath he for , Lord the to ye Sing them, answered Miriam And
dances. with and timbrels with her after out went women the all and hand; her in timbrel a took Aaron, of sister the prophetess, the Miriam And
sea. the of midst the in land dry on went Israel of children the but them; upon sea the of waters the again brought Lord the and sea, the into horsemen his with and chariots his with in went Pharaoh of horse the For
ever. and ever for reign shall Lord The
established. have hands thy which , Lord O Sanctuary, the in in, dwell to thee for made hast thou which , Lord O place, the in inheritance, thine of mountain the in them plant and in, them bring shalt Thou
purchased. hast thou which over, pass people the till , Lord O over, pass people thy till stone; a as still as be shall they arm thine of greatness the by them; upon fall shall dread and Fear
away. melt shall Canaan of inhabitants the all them; upon hold take shall trembling Moab, of men mighty the amazed; be shall Edom of dukes the Then
Palestina. of inhabitants the on hold take shall sorrow afraid: be and hear, shall people The
habitation. holy thy unto strength thy in them guided hast thou redeemed: hast thou which people the forth led hast mercy thy in Thou
them. swallowed earth the hand, right thy out stretchedst Thou
wonders? doing praises, in fearful holiness, in glorious thee, like is who gods? the among , Lord O thee, unto like is Who
waters. mighty the in lead as sank they them: covered sea the wind, thy with blow didst Thou
them. destroy shall hand my sword, my draw will I them; upon satisfied be shall lust my spoil; the divide will I overtake, will I pursue, will I said, enemy The
sea. the of heart the in congealed were depths the and heap, an as upright stood floods the together, gathered were waters the nostrils thy of blast the with And
stubble. as them consumed which wrath, thy forth sentest thou thee: against up rose that them overthrown hast thou excellency thine of greatness the in And
enemy. the pieces in dashed hath , Lord O hand, right thy power: in glorious become is , Lord O hand, right Thy
stone. a as bottom the into sank they them: covered have depths The
sea. Red the in drowned are also captains chosen his sea: the into cast he hath host his and chariots Pharaoh's
name. his is Lord the war: of man a is Lord The
him. exalt will I and God, father's my habitation; an him prepare will I and God, my is he salvation: my become is he and song, and strength my is Lord The
sea. the into thrown he hath rider his and horse the gloriously: triumphed hath he for , Lord the unto sing will I saying, spake, and , Lord the unto song this Israel of children the and Moses sang Then
Moses. servant his and , Lord the believed and , Lord the feared people the and Egyptians: the upon did Lord the which work great that saw Israel And
shore. sea the upon dead Egyptians the saw Israel and Egyptians; the of hand the of out day that Israel saved Lord the Thus
left. their on and hand, right their on them unto wall a were waters the and sea; the of midst the in land dry upon walked Israel of children the But
them. of one as much so not remained there them; after sea the into came that Pharaoh of host the all and horsemen, the and chariots, the covered and returned, waters the And
sea. the of midst the in Egyptians the overthrew Lord the and it; against fled Egyptians the and appeared; morning the when strength his to returned sea the and sea, the over hand his forth stretched Moses And
horsemen. their upon and chariots, their upon Egyptians, the upon again come may waters the that sea, the over hand thine out Stretch Moses, unto said Lord the And
Egyptians. the against them for fighteth Lord the for Israel; of face the from flee us Let said, Egyptians the that so heavily: them drave they that wheels, chariot their off took And
Egyptians, the of host the troubled and cloud, the of and fire of pillar the through Egyptians the of host the unto looked Lord the watch morning the in that pass, to came it And
horsemen. his and chariots, his horses, Pharaoh's all even sea, the of midst the to them after in went and pursued, Egyptians the And
left. their on and hand, right their on them unto wall a were waters the and ground: dry the upon sea the of midst the into went Israel of children the And
divided. were waters the and land, dry sea the made and night, that all wind east strong a by back go to sea the caused Lord the and sea; the over hand his out stretched Moses And
night. the all other the near not came one the that so these: to night by light gave it but them, to darkness and cloud a was it and Israel; of camp the and Egyptians the of camp the between came it And
them: behind stood and face, their before from went cloud the of pillar the and them; behind went and removed Israel, of camp the before went which God, of angel the And
horsemen. his upon and chariots, his upon Pharaoh, upon honour me gotten have I when , Lord the am I that know shall Egyptians the And
horsemen. his upon and chariots, his upon host, his all upon and Pharaoh, upon honour me get will I and them: follow shall they and Egyptians, the of hearts the harden will I behold, I, And
sea. the of midst the through ground dry on go shall Israel of children the and it: divide and sea, the over hand thine out stretch and rod, thy up thou lift But
forward: go they that Israel, of children the unto speak me? unto thou criest Wherefore Moses, unto said Lord the And
peace. your hold shall ye and you, for fight shall Lord The
ever. for more no again them see shall ye day, to seen have ye whom Egyptians the for day: to you to shew will he which , Lord the of salvation the see and still, stand not, ye Fear people, the unto said Moses And
wilderness. the in die should we that than Egyptians, the serve to us for better been had it For Egyptians? the serve may we that alone, us Let saying, Egypt, in thee tell did we that word the this not Is
Egypt? of out forth us carry to us, with thus dealt thou hast wherefore wilderness? the in die to away us taken thou hast Egypt, in graves no were there Because Moses, unto said they And
. Lord the unto out cried Israel of children the and afraid: sore were they and them; after marched Egyptians the behold, and, eyes, their up lifted Israel of children the nigh, drew Pharaoh when And
Baalzephon. before Pihahiroth, beside sea, the by encamping them overtook and army, his and horsemen, his and Pharaoh, of chariots and horses the all them, after pursued Egyptians the But
hand. high an with out went Israel of children the and Israel: of children the after pursued he and Egypt, of king Pharaoh of heart the hardened Lord the And
them. of one every over captains and Egypt, of chariots the all and chariots, chosen hundred six took he And
him: with people his took and chariot, his ready made he And
us? serving from go Israel let have we that this, done we have Why said, they and people, the against turned was servants his of and Pharaoh of heart the and fled: people the that Egypt of king the told was it And
so. did they And . Lord the am I that know may Egyptians the that host; his all upon and Pharaoh, upon honoured be will I and them; after follow shall he that heart, Pharaoh's harden will I And
in. them shut hath wilderness the land, the in entangled are They Israel, of children the of say will Pharaoh For
sea. the by encamp ye shall it before Baalzephon: against over sea, the and Migdol between Pihahiroth, before encamp and turn they that Israel, of children the unto Speak
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
people. the before from night, by fire of pillar the nor day, by cloud the of pillar the away not took He
night: and day by go to light; them give to fire, of pillar a in night by and way; the them lead to cloud, a of pillar a in day by them before went Lord the And
wilderness. the of edge the in Etham, in encamped and Succoth, from journey their took they And
you. with hence away bones my up carry shall ye and you; visit surely will God saying, Israel, of children the sworn straitly had he for him: with Joseph of bones the took Moses And
Egypt. of land the of out harnessed up went Israel of children the and sea: Red the of wilderness the of way the through about, people the led God But
Egypt: to return they and war, see they when repent people the peradventure Lest said, God for near; was that although Philistines, the of land the of way the through not them led God that go, people the let had Pharaoh when pass, to came it And
Egypt. of out forth us brought Lord the hand of strength by for eyes: thine between frontlets for and hand, thine upon token a for be shall it And
redeem. I children my of firstborn the all but males; being matrix, the openeth that all Lord the to sacrifice I therefore beast: of firstborn the and man, of firstborn the both Egypt, of land the in firstborn the all slew Lord the that go, us let hardly would Pharaoh when pass, to came it And
bondage: of house the from Egypt, from out us brought Lord the hand of strength By him, unto say shalt thou that this? is What saying, come, to time in thee asketh son thy when be shall it And
redeem. thou shalt children thy among man of firstborn the all and neck: his break shalt thou then it, redeem not wilt thou if and lamb; a with redeem shalt thou ass an of firstling every And
's. Lord the be shall males the hast; thou which beast a of cometh that firstling every and matrix, the openeth that all Lord the unto apart set shalt thou That
thee, it give shall and fathers, thy to and thee unto sware he as Canaanites, the of land the into thee bring shall Lord the when be shall it And
year. to year from season his in ordinance this keep therefore shalt Thou
Egypt. of out thee brought Lord the hath hand strong a with for mouth: thy in be may law 's Lord the that eyes, thine between memorial a for and hand, thine upon thee unto sign a for be shall it And
Egypt. of out forth came I when me unto did Lord the which that of because done is This saying, day, that in son thy shew shalt thou And
quarters. thy all in thee with seen leaven be there shall neither thee, with seen be bread leavened no shall there and days; seven eaten be shall bread Unleavened
. Lord the to feast a be shall day seventh the in and bread, unleavened eat shalt thou days Seven
month. this in service this keep shalt thou that honey, and milk with flowing land a thee, give to fathers thy unto sware he which Jebusites, the and Hivites, the and Amorites, the and Hittites, the and Canaanites, the of land the into thee bring shall Lord the when be shall it And
Abib. month the in out ye came day This
eaten. be bread leavened no shall there place: this from out you brought Lord the hand of strength by for bondage; of house the of out Egypt, from out came ye which in day, this Remember people, the unto said Moses And
mine. is it beast: of and man of both Israel, of children the among womb the openeth whatsoever firstborn, the all me unto Sanctify
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
armies. their by Egypt of land the of out Israel of children the bring did Lord the that day, selfsame the pass to came it And
they. did so Aaron, and Moses commanded Lord the as Israel; of children the all did Thus
you. among sojourneth that stranger the unto and homeborn, is that him to be shall law One
thereof. eat shall person uncircumcised no for land: the in born is that one as be shall he and it; keep and near come him let then and circumcised, be males his all let , Lord the to passover the keep will and thee, with sojourn shall stranger a when And
it. keep shall Israel of congregation the All
thereof. bone a break ye shall neither house; the of out abroad flesh the of ought forth carry not shalt thou eaten; be it shall house one In
thereof. eat not shall servant hired an and foreigner A
thereof. eat he shall then him, circumcised hast thou when money, for bought is that servant man's every But
thereof: eat stranger no shall There passover: the of ordinance the is This Aaron, and Moses unto said Lord the And
generations. their in Israel of children the all of observed be to Lord the of night that is this Egypt: of land the from out them bringing for Lord the unto observed much be to night a is It
Egypt. of land the from out went Lord the of hosts the all that pass, to came it day selfsame the even years, thirty and hundred four the of end the at pass to came it And
years. thirty and hundred four was Egypt, in dwelt who Israel, of children the of sojourning the Now
victual. any themselves for prepared they had neither tarry, not could and Egypt, of out thrust were they because leavened; not was it for Egypt, of out forth brought they which dough the of cakes unleavened baked they And
cattle. much very even herds, and flocks, and them; with also up went multitude mixed a And
children. beside men, were that foot on thousand hundred six about Succoth, to Rameses from journeyed Israel of children the And
Egyptians. the spoiled they And required. they as things such them unto lent they that so Egyptians, the of sight the in favour people the gave Lord the And
raiment: and gold, of jewels and silver, of jewels Egyptians the of borrowed they and Moses; of word the to according did Israel of children the And
shoulders. their upon clothes their in up bound being kneadingtroughs their leavened, was it before dough their took people the And
men. dead all be We said, they for haste; in land the of out them send might they that people, the upon urgent were Egyptians the And
also. me bless and gone; be and said, have ye as herds, your and flocks your take Also
said. have ye as , Lord the serve go, and Israel; of children the and ye both people, my among from forth you get and up, Rise said, and night, by Aaron and Moses for called he And
dead. one not was there where house a not was there for Egypt; in cry great a was there and Egyptians; the all and servants, his all and he, night, the in up rose Pharaoh And
cattle. of firstborn the all and dungeon; the in was that captive the of firstborn the unto throne his on sat that Pharaoh of firstborn the from Egypt, of land the in firstborn the all smote Lord the midnight at that pass, to came it And
they. did so Aaron, and Moses commanded had Lord the as did and away, went Israel of children the And
worshipped. and head the bowed people the And houses. our delivered and Egyptians, the smote he when Egypt, in Israel of children the of houses the over passed who passover, 's Lord the of sacrifice the is It say, shall ye That
service? this by ye mean What you, unto say shall children your when pass, to come shall it And
service. this keep shall ye that promised, hath he as according you, give will Lord the which land the to come be ye when pass, to come shall it And
ever. for sons thy to and thee to ordinance an for thing this observe shall ye And
you. smite to houses your unto in come to destroyer the suffer not will and door, the over pass will Lord the posts, side two the on and lintel, the upon blood the seeth he when and Egyptians; the smite to through pass will Lord the For
morning. the until house his of door the at out go shall you of none and bason; the in is that blood the with posts side two the and lintel the strike and bason, the in is that blood the in it dip and hyssop, of bunch a take shall ye And
passover. the kill and families, your to according lamb a you take and out Draw them, unto said and Israel, of elders the all for called Moses Then
bread. unleavened eat ye shall habitations your all in leavened; nothing eat shall Ye
land. the in born or stranger, a be he whether Israel, of congregation the from off cut be shall soul that even leavened, is which that eateth whosoever for houses: your in found leaven no be there shall days Seven
even. at month the of day twentieth and one the until bread, unleavened eat shall ye even, at month the of day fourteenth the on month, first the In
ever. for ordinance an by generations your in day this observe ye shall therefore Egypt: of land the of out armies your brought I have day selfsame this in for bread; unleavened of feast the observe shall ye And
you. of done be may only that eat, must man every which that save them, in done be shall work of manner no you; to convocation holy an be shall there day seventh the in and convocation, holy an be shall there day first the in And
Israel. from off cut be shall soul that day, seventh the until day first the from bread leavened eateth whosoever for houses: your of out leaven away put shall ye day first the even bread; unleavened eat ye shall days Seven
ever. for ordinance an by feast a it keep shall ye generations; your throughout Lord the to feast a it keep shall ye and memorial; a for you unto be shall day this And
Egypt. of land the smite I when you, destroy to you upon be not shall plague the and you, over pass will I blood, the see I when and are: ye where houses the upon token a for you to be shall blood the And
. Lord the am I judgment: execute will I Egypt of gods the all against and beast; and man both Egypt, of land the in firstborn the all smite will and night, this Egypt of land the through pass will I For
passover. 's Lord the is it haste: in it eat shall ye and hand; your in staff your and feet, your on shoes your girded, loins your with it; eat ye shall thus And
fire. with burn shall ye morning the until it of remaineth which that and morning; the until remain it of nothing let shall ye And
thereof. purtenance the with and legs, his with head his fire; with roast but water, with all at sodden nor raw, it of not Eat
it. eat shall they herbs bitter with and bread; unleavened and fire, with roast night, that in flesh the eat shall they And
it. eat shall they wherein houses, the of post door upper the on and posts side two the on it strike and blood, the of take shall they And
evening. the in it kill shall Israel of congregation the of assembly whole the and month: same the of day fourteenth the until up it keep shall ye And
goats: the from or sheep, the from out it take shall ye year: first the of male a blemish, without be shall lamb Your
lamb. the for count your make shall eating his to according man every souls; the of number the to according it take house his unto next neighbour his and him let lamb, the for little too be household the if And
house: an for lamb a fathers, their of house the to according lamb, a man every them to take shall they month this of day tenth the In saying, Israel, of congregation the all unto ye Speak
you. to year the of month first the be shall it months: of beginning the you unto be shall month This
saying, Egypt of land the in Aaron and Moses unto spake Lord the And
land. his of out go Israel of children the let not would he that so heart, Pharaoh's hardened Lord the and Pharaoh: before wonders these all did Aaron and Moses And
Egypt. of land the in multiplied be may wonders my that you; unto hearken not shall Pharaoh Moses, unto said Lord the And
anger. great a in Pharaoh from out went he And out. go will I that after and thee: follow that people the all and out, thee Get saying, me, unto themselves down bow and me, unto down come shall servants thy these all And
Israel. and Egyptians the between difference a put doth Lord the that how know may ye that beast: or man against tongue, his move dog a not shall Israel of children the of any against But
more. any it like be shall nor it, like none was there as such Egypt, of land the all throughout cry great a be shall there And
beasts. of firstborn the all and mill; the behind is that maidservant the of firstborn the unto even throne, his upon sitteth that Pharaoh of born first the from die, shall Egypt of land the in firstborn the all And
Egypt: of midst the into out go I will midnight About , Lord the saith Thus said, Moses And
people. the of sight the in and servants, Pharaoh's of sight the in Egypt, of land the in great very was Moses man the Moreover Egyptians. the of sight the in favour people the gave Lord the And
gold. of jewels and silver of jewels neighbour, her of woman every and neighbour, his of borrow man every let and people, the of ears the in now Speak
altogether. hence out you thrust surely shall he go, you let shall he when hence: go you let will he afterwards Egypt; upon and Pharaoh, upon more plague one bring I will Yet Moses, unto said Lord the And
more. no again face thy see will I well, spoken hast Thou said, Moses And
die. shalt thou face my seest thou day that in for more; no face my see thyself, to heed take me, from thee Get him, unto said Pharaoh And
go. them let not would he and heart, Pharaoh's hardened Lord the But
thither. come we until , Lord the serve must we what with not know we and God; our Lord the serve to take we must thereof for behind; left be hoof an not shall there us; with go shall also cattle Our
God. our Lord the unto sacrifice may we that offerings, burnt and sacrifices also us give must Thou said, Moses And
you. with go also ones little your let stayed: be herds your and flocks your let only ; Lord the serve ye, Go said, and Moses, unto called Pharaoh And
dwellings. their in light had Israel of children the all but days: three for place his from any rose neither another, one not saw They
days: three Egypt of land the all in darkness thick a was there and heaven; toward hand his forth stretched Moses And
felt. be may which darkness even Egypt, of land the over darkness be may there that heaven, toward hand thine out Stretch Moses, unto said Lord the And
go. Israel of children the let not would he that so heart, Pharaoh's hardened Lord the But
Egypt. of coasts the all in locust one not remained there sea; Red the into them cast and locusts, the away took which wind, west strong mighty a turned Lord the And
. Lord the intreated and Pharaoh, from out went he And
only. death this me from away take may he that God, your Lord the intreat and once, this only sin my thee, pray I forgive, therefore Now
you. against and God, your Lord the against sinned have I said, he and haste; in Aaron and Moses for called Pharaoh Then
Egypt. of land the all through field, the of herbs the in or trees, the in thing green any not remained there and left: had hail the which trees the of fruit the all and land, the of herb every eat did they and darkened; was land the that so earth, whole the of face the covered they For
such. be shall them after neither they, as locusts such no were there them before they; were grievous very Egypt: of coasts the all in rested and Egypt, of land the all over up went locust the And
locusts. the brought wind east the morning, was it when and night; that all and day, that all land the upon wind east an brought Lord the and Egypt, of land the over rod his forth stretched Moses And
left. hath hail the that all even land, the of herb every eat and Egypt, of land the upon up come may they that locusts, the for Egypt of land the over hand thine out Stretch Moses, unto said Lord the And
presence. Pharaoh's from out driven were they And desire. did ye that for ; Lord the serve and men, are that ye now go so: Not
you. before is evil for it; to look ones: little your and go, you let will I as you, with so be Lord the Let them, unto said he And
. Lord the unto feast a hold must we for go; we will herds our with and flocks our with daughters, our with and sons our with old, our with and young our with go will We said, Moses And
go? shall that they are who but God: your Lord the serve Go, them, unto said he and Pharaoh: unto again brought were Aaron and Moses And
destroyed? is Egypt that yet not thou knowest God: their Lord the serve may they that go, men the let us? unto snare a be man this shall long How him, unto said servants Pharaoh's And
Pharaoh. from out went and himself, turned he And day. this unto earth the upon were they that day the since seen, have fathers fathers' thy nor fathers, thy neither which Egyptians; the all of houses the and servants, thy all of houses the and houses, thy fill shall they And
field: the of out you for groweth which tree every eat shall and hail, the from you unto remaineth which escaped, is which that of residue the eat shall they and earth: the see to able be cannot one that earth, the of face the cover shall they And
coast: thy into locusts the bring I will morrow to behold, go, people my let to refuse thou if Else,
me. serve may they that go, people my let me? before thyself humble to refuse thou wilt long How Hebrews, the of God Lord the saith Thus him, unto said and Pharaoh, unto in came Aaron and Moses And
. Lord the am I that how know may ye that them; among done have I which signs my and Egypt, in wrought have I things what son, son's thy of and son, thy of ears the in tell mayest thou that And
him: before signs my these shew might I that servants, his of heart the and heart, his hardened have I for Pharaoh: unto in Go Moses, unto said Lord the And
Moses. by spoken had Lord the as go; Israel of children the let he would neither hardened, was Pharaoh of heart the And
servants. his and he heart, his hardened and more, yet sinned he ceased, were thunders the and hail the and rain the that saw Pharaoh when And
earth. the upon poured not was rain the and ceased, hail and thunders the and : Lord the unto hands his abroad spread and Pharaoh, from city the of out went Moses And
up. grown not were they for smitten: not were rie the and wheat the But
bolled. was flax the and ear, the in was barley the for smitten: was barley the and flax the And
God. Lord the fear yet not will ye that know I servants, thy and thee for as But
's. Lord the is earth the that how know mayest thou that hail; more any be there shall neither cease, shall thunder the and ; Lord the unto hands my abroad spread will I city, the of out gone am I as soon As him, unto said Moses And
longer. no stay shall ye and go, you let will I and hail; and thunderings mighty more no be there that enough) is it (for Lord the Intreat
wicked. are people my and I and righteous, is Lord the time: this sinned have I them, unto said and Aaron, and Moses for called and sent, Pharaoh And
hail. no there was were, Israel of children the where Goshen, of land the in Only
field. the of tree every brake and field, the of herb every smote hail the and beast; and man both field, the in was that all Egypt of land the all throughout smote hail the And
nation. a became it since Egypt of land the all in it like none was there as such grievous, very hail, the with mingled fire and hail, was there So
Egypt. of land the upon hail rained Lord the and ground; the upon along ran fire the and hail, and thunder sent Lord the and heaven: toward rod his forth stretched Moses And
Egypt. of land the throughout field, the of herb every upon and beast, upon and man, upon Egypt, of land the all in hail be may there that heaven, toward hand thine forth Stretch Moses, unto said Lord the And
field. the in cattle his and servants his left Lord the of word the not regarded that he And
houses: the into flee cattle his and servants his made Pharaoh of servants the among Lord the of word the feared that He
die. shall they and them, upon down come shall hail the home, brought be not shall and field, the in found be shall which beast and man every upon for field; the in hast thou that all and cattle, thy gather and now, therefore Send
now. until even thereof foundation the since Egypt in been not hath as such hail, grievous very a rain to it cause will I time this about morrow to Behold,
go? them let not wilt thou that people, my against thyself thou exaltest yet As
earth. the all throughout declared be may name my that and power; my thee in shew to for up, thee raised I have cause this for deed very in And
earth. the from off cut be shalt thou and pestilence; with people thy and thee smite may I that hand, my out stretch will I now For
earth. the all in me like none is there that know mayest thou that people; thy upon and servants, thy upon and heart, thine upon plagues my all send time this at will I For
me. serve may they that go, people my Let Hebrews, the of God Lord the saith Thus him, unto say and Pharaoh, before stand and morning, the in early up Rise Moses, unto said Lord the And
Moses. unto spoken had Lord the as them; unto not hearkened he and Pharaoh, of heart the hardened Lord the And
Egyptians. the all upon and magicians, the upon was boil the for boils; the of because Moses before stand not could magicians the And
beast. upon and man, upon blains with forth breaking boil a became it and heaven; toward up it sprinkled Moses and Pharaoh; before stood and furnace, the of ashes took they And
Egypt. of land the all throughout beast, upon and man, upon blains with forth breaking boil a be shall and Egypt, of land the all in dust small become shall it And
Pharaoh. of sight the in heaven the toward it sprinkle Moses let and furnace, the of ashes of handfuls you to Take Aaron, unto and Moses unto said Lord the And
go. people the let not did he and hardened, was Pharaoh of heart the And dead. Israelites the of cattle the of one not was there behold, and, sent, Pharaoh And
one. not died Israel of children the of cattle the of but died: Egypt of cattle the all and morrow, the on thing that did Lord the And
land. the in thing this do shall Lord the morrow To saying, time, set a appointed Lord the And
Israel. of children's the is that all of die nothing shall there and Egypt: of cattle the and Israel of cattle the between sever shall Lord the And
murrain. grievous very a be shall there sheep: the upon and oxen, the upon camels, the upon asses, the upon horses, the upon field, the in is which cattle thy upon is Lord the of hand the Behold,
still, them hold wilt and go, them let to refuse thou if For
me. serve may they that go, people my Let Hebrews, the of God Lord the saith Thus him, tell and Pharaoh, unto in Go Moses, unto said Lord the Then
go. people the let he would neither also, time this at heart his hardened Pharaoh And
one. not remained there people; his from and servants, his from Pharaoh, from flies of swarms the removed he and Moses; of word the to according did Lord the And
. Lord the intreated and Pharaoh, from out went Moses And
. Lord the to sacrifice to go people the letting not in more any deceitfully deal Pharaoh not let but morrow: to people, his from and servants, his from Pharaoh, from depart may flies of swarms the that Lord the intreat will I and thee, from out go I Behold, said, Moses And
me. for intreat away: far very go not shall ye only wilderness; the in God your Lord the to sacrifice may ye that go, you let will I said, Pharaoh And
us. command shall he as God, our Lord the to sacrifice and wilderness, the into journey days' three go will We
us? stone not they will and eyes, their before Egyptians the of abomination the sacrifice we shall lo, God: our Lord the to Egyptians the of abomination the sacrifice shall we for do; to so meet not is It said, Moses And
land. the in God your to sacrifice ye, Go said, and Aaron, for and Moses for called Pharaoh And
flies. of swarm the of reason by corrupted was land the Egypt: of land the all into and houses, servants' his into and Pharaoh, of house the into flies of swarm grievous a came there and so; did Lord the And
be. sign this shall morrow to people: thy and people my between division a put will I And
earth. the of midst the in Lord the am I that know mayest thou end the to there; be shall flies of swarms no that dwell, people my which in Goshen, of land the day that in sever will I And
are. they whereon ground the also and flies, of swarms of full be shall Egyptians the of houses the and houses: thy into and people, thy upon and servants, thy upon and thee, upon flies of swarms send will I behold, go, people my let not wilt thou if Else,
me. serve may they that go, people my Let , Lord the saith Thus him, unto say and water; the to forth cometh he lo, Pharaoh; before stand and morning, the in early up Rise Moses, unto said Lord the And
said. had Lord the as them; unto not hearkened he and hardened, was heart Pharaoh's and God: of finger the is This Pharaoh, unto said magicians the Then
beast. upon and man, upon lice were there so not: could they but lice, forth bring to enchantments their with so did magicians the And
Egypt. of land the all throughout lice became land the of dust the all beast; in and man, in lice became it and earth, the of dust the smote and rod, his with hand his out stretched Aaron for so; did they And
Egypt. of land the all throughout lice become may it that land, the of dust the smite and rod, thy out Stretch Aaron, unto Say Moses, unto said Lord the And
said. had Lord the as them; unto not hearkened and heart, his hardened he respite, was there that saw Pharaoh when But
stank. land the and heaps: upon together them gathered they And
fields. the of out and villages, the of out houses, the of out died frogs the and Moses; of word the to according did Lord the And
Pharaoh. against brought had he which frogs the of because Lord the unto cried Moses and Pharaoh: from out went Aaron and Moses And
only. river the in remain shall they people; thy from and servants, thy from and houses, thy from and thee, from depart shall frogs the And
God. our Lord the unto like none is there that know mayest thou that word: thy to according it Be said, he And morrow. To said, he And
only? river the in remain may they that houses, thy and thee from frogs the destroy to people, thy for and servants, thy for and thee, for intreat I shall when me: over Glory Pharaoh, unto said Moses And
. Lord the unto sacrifice do may they that go, people the let will I and people; my from and me, from frogs the away take may he that , Lord the Intreat said, and Aaron, and Moses for called Pharaoh Then
Egypt. of land the upon frogs up brought and enchantments, their with so did magicians the And
Egypt. of land the covered and up, came frogs the and Egypt; of waters the over hand his out stretched Aaron And
Egypt. of land the upon up come to frogs cause and ponds, the over and rivers, the over streams, the over rod thy with hand thine forth Stretch Aaron, unto Say Moses, unto spake Lord the And
servants. thy all upon and people, thy upon and thee, on both up come shall frogs the And
kneadingtroughs: thy into and ovens, thine into and people, thy upon and servants, thy of house the into and bed, thy upon and bedchamber, thy into and house, thine into come and up go shall which abundantly, frogs forth bring shall river the And
frogs: with borders thy all smite will I behold, go, them let to refuse thou if And
me. serve may they that go, people my Let , Lord the saith Thus him, unto say and Pharaoh, unto Go Moses, unto spake Lord the And
river. the smitten had Lord the that after fulfilled, were days seven And
river. the of water the of drink not could they for drink; to water for river the about round digged Egyptians the all And
also. this to heart his set he did neither house, his into went and turned Pharaoh And
said. had Lord the as them; unto hearken he did neither hardened, was heart Pharaoh's and enchantments: their with so did Egypt of magicians the And
Egypt. of land the all throughout blood was there and river; the of water the of drink not could Egyptians the and stank, river the and died; river the in was that fish the And
blood. to turned were river the in were that waters the all and servants; his of sight the in and Pharaoh, of sight the in river, the in were that waters the smote and rod, the up lifted he and commanded; Lord the as so, did Aaron and Moses And
stone. of vessels in and wood, of vessels in both Egypt, of land the all throughout blood be may there that and blood; become may they that water, of pools their all upon and ponds, their upon and rivers, their upon streams, their upon Egypt, of waters the upon hand thine out stretch and rod, thy Take Aaron, unto Say Moses, unto spake Lord the And
river. the of water the of drink to lothe shall Egyptians the and stink; shall river the and die, shall river the in is that fish the And
blood. to turned be shall they and river, the in are which waters the upon hand mine in is that rod the with smite will I behold, : Lord the am I that know shalt thou this In , Lord the saith Thus
hear. not wouldest thou hitherto behold, and, wilderness: the in me serve may they that go, people my Let saying, thee, unto me sent hath Hebrews the of God Lord The him, unto say shalt thou And
hand. thine in take thou shalt serpent a to turned was which rod the and come; he against brink river's the by stand shalt thou and water; the unto out goeth he lo, morning; the in Pharaoh unto thee Get
go. people the let to refuseth he hardened, is heart Pharaoh's Moses, unto said Lord the And
said. had Lord the as them; unto not hearkened he that heart, Pharaoh's hardened he And
rods. their up swallowed rod Aaron's but serpents: became they and rod, his man every down cast they For
enchantments. their with manner like in did also they Egypt, of magicians the now sorcerers: the and men wise the called also Pharaoh Then
serpent. a became it and servants, his before and Pharaoh, before rod his down cast Aaron and commanded: had Lord the as so did they and Pharaoh, unto in went Aaron and Moses And
serpent. a become shall it and Pharaoh, before it cast and rod, thy Take Aaron, unto say shalt thou then you: for miracle a Shew saying, you, unto speak shall Pharaoh When
saying, Aaron, unto and Moses unto spake Lord the And
Pharaoh. unto spake they when old, years three and fourscore Aaron and old, years fourscore was Moses And
they. did so them, commanded Lord the as did Aaron and Moses And
them. among from Israel of children the out bring and Egypt, upon hand mine forth stretch I when , Lord the am I that know shall Egyptians the And
judgments. great by Egypt of land the of out Israel, of children the people my and armies, mine forth bring and Egypt, upon hand my lay may I that you, unto hearken not shall Pharaoh But
Egypt. of land the in wonders my and signs my multiply and heart, Pharaoh's harden will I And
land. his of out Israel of children the send he that Pharaoh, unto speak shall brother thy Aaron and thee: command I that all speak shalt Thou
prophet. thy be shall brother thy Aaron and Pharaoh: to god a thee made have I See, Moses, unto said Lord the And
me? unto hearken Pharaoh shall how and lips, uncircumcised of am I Behold, , Lord the before said Moses And
thee. unto say I that all Egypt of king Pharaoh unto thou speak : Lord the am I saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the That
Egypt, of land the in Moses unto spake Lord the when day the on pass to came it And
Aaron. and Moses that are these Egypt: from Israel of children the out bring to Egypt, of king Pharaoh to spake which they are These
armies. their to according Egypt of land the from Israel of children the out Bring said, Lord the whom to Moses, and Aaron that are These
families. their to according Levites the of fathers the of heads the are these Phinehas: him bare she and wife; to Putiel of daughters the of one him took son Aaron's Eleazar And
Korhites. the of families the are these Abiasaph: and Elkanah, and Assir, Korah; of sons the And
Ithamar. and Eleazar, Abihu, and Nadab, him bare she and wife; to Naashon, of sister Amminadab, of daughter Elisheba, him took Aaron And
Zithri. and Elzaphan, and Mishael, Uzziel; of sons the And
Zichri. and Nepheg, and Korah, Izhar; of sons the And
years. seven and thirty and hundred an were Amram of life the of years the and Moses: and Aaron him bare she and wife; to sister father's his Jochebed him took Amram And
generations. their to according Levi of families the are these Mushi: and Mahali Merari; of sons the And
years. three and thirty hundred an were Kohath of life the of years the and Uzziel: and Hebron, and Izhar, and Amram, Kohath; of sons the And
families. their to according Shimi, and Libni, Gershon; of sons The
years. seven and thirty hundred an were Levi of life the of years the and Merari: and Kohath, and Gershon, generations; their to according Levi of sons the of names the are these And
Simeon. of families the are these woman: Canaanitish a of son the Shaul and Zohar, and Jachin, and Ohad, and Jamin, and Jemuel, Simeon; of sons the And
Reuben. of families the be these Carmi: and Hezron, Pallu, and Hanoch, Israel; of firstborn the Reuben of sons The houses: fathers' their of heads the be These
Egypt. of land the of out Israel of children the bring to Egypt, of king Pharaoh unto and Israel, of children the unto charge a them gave and Aaron, unto and Moses unto spake Lord the And
lips? uncircumcised of am who me, hear Pharaoh shall then how me; unto hearkened not have Israel of children the Behold, saying, , Lord the before spake Moses And
land. his of out go Israel of children the let he that Egypt, of king Pharaoh unto speak in, Go
saying, Moses, unto spake Lord the And
bondage. cruel for and spirit, of anguish for Moses unto not hearkened they but Israel: of children the unto so spake Moses And
. Lord the am I heritage: an for you it give will I and Jacob; to and Isaac, to Abraham, to it give to swear did I which the concerning land, the unto in you bring will I And
Egyptians. the of burdens the under from out you bringeth which God, your Lord the am I that know shall ye and God: a you to be will I and people, a for me to you take will I And
judgments: great with and arm, out stretched a with you redeem will I and bondage, their of out you rid will I and Egyptians, the of burdens the under from out you bring will I and , Lord the am I Israel, of children the unto say Wherefore
covenant. my remembered have I and bondage; in keep Egyptians the whom Israel, of children the of groaning the heard also have I And
strangers. were they wherein pilgrimage, their of land the Canaan, of land the them give to them, with covenant my established also have I And
them. to known not I was Jehovah name my by but Almighty, God of name the by Jacob, unto and Isaac, unto Abraham, unto appeared I And
: Lord the am I him, unto said and Moses, unto spake God And
land. his of out them drive he shall hand strong a with and go, them let he shall hand strong a with for Pharaoh: to do will I what see thou shalt Now Moses, unto said Lord the Then
all. at people thy delivered thou hast neither people; this to evil done hath he name, thy in speak to Pharaoh to came I since For
me? sent hast thou that it is why people? this entreated evil so thou hast wherefore , Lord said, and , Lord the unto returned Moses And
us. slay to hand their in sword a put to servants, his of eyes the in and Pharaoh, of eyes the in abhorred be to savour our made have ye because judge; and you, upon look Lord The them, unto said they And
Pharaoh: from forth came they as way, the in stood who Aaron, and Moses met they And
task. daily your of bricks your from ought minish not shall Ye said, was it after case, evil in were they that see did Israel of children the of officers the And
bricks. of tale the deliver ye shall yet you, given be straw no shall there for work; and now, therefore Go
. Lord the to sacrifice do and go us Let say, ye therefore idle: are ye idle, are Ye said, he But
people. own thine in is fault the but beaten; are servants thy behold, and, brick: Make us, to say they and servants, thy unto given straw no is There
servants? thy with thus thou dealest Wherefore saying, Pharaoh, unto cried and came Israel of children the of officers the Then
heretofore? as day, to and yesterday both brick making in task your fulfilled not ye have Wherefore demanded, and beaten, were them, over set had taskmasters Pharaoh's which Israel, of children the of officers the And
straw. was there when as tasks, daily your works, your Fulfil saying, them, hasted taskmasters the And
straw. of instead stubble gather to Egypt of land the all throughout abroad scattered were people the So
diminished. be shall work your of ought not yet it: find can ye where straw you get ye, Go
straw. you give not will I Pharaoh, saith Thus saying, people, the to spake they and officers, their and out, went people the of taskmasters the And
words. vain regard not them let and therein; labour may they that men, the upon laid be work more there Let
God. our to sacrifice and go us Let saying, cry, they therefore idle; be they for thereof: ought diminish not shall ye them; upon lay shall ye heretofore, make did they which bricks, the of tale the And
themselves. for straw gather and go them let heretofore: as brick, make to straw people the give more no shall Ye
saying, officers, their and people, the of taskmasters the day same the commanded Pharaoh And
burdens. their from rest them make ye and many, are now land the of people the Behold, said, Pharaoh And
burdens. your unto you get works? their from people the let Aaron, and Moses ye, do Wherefore them, unto said Egypt of king the And
sword. the with or pestilence, with us upon fall he lest God; our Lord the unto sacrifice and desert, the into journey days' three thee, pray we go, us let us: with met hath Hebrews the of God The said, they And
go. Israel let I will neither , Lord the not know I go? Israel let to voice his obey should I that , Lord the is Who said, Pharaoh And
wilderness. the in me unto feast a hold may they that go, people my Let Israel, of God Lord the saith Thus Pharaoh, told and in, went Aaron and Moses afterward And
worshipped. and heads their bowed they then affliction, their upon looked had he that and Israel, of children the visited had Lord the that heard they when and believed: people the And
people. the of sight the in signs the did and Moses, unto spoken had Lord the which words the all spake Aaron And
Israel: of children the of elders the all together gathered and went Aaron and Moses And
him. commanded had he which signs the all and him, sent had who Lord the of words the all Aaron told Moses And
him. kissed and God, of mount the in him met and went, he And Moses. meet to wilderness the into Go Aaron, to said Lord the And
circumcision. the of because art, thou husband bloody A said, she then go: him let he So
me. to thou art husband bloody a Surely said, and feet, his at it cast and son, her of foreskin the off cut and stone, sharp a took Zipporah Then
him. kill to sought and him, met Lord the that inn, the in way the by pass to came it And
firstborn. thy even son, thy slay will I behold, go, him let to refuse thou if and me: serve may he that go, son my Let thee, unto say I And
firstborn: my even son, my is Israel , Lord the saith Thus Pharaoh, unto say shalt thou And
go. people the let not shall he that heart, his harden will I but hand: thine in put have I which Pharaoh, before wonders those all do thou that see Egypt, into return to goest thou When Moses, unto said Lord the And
hand. his in God of rod the took Moses and Egypt: of land the to returned he and ass, an upon them set and sons, his and wife his took Moses And
life. thy sought which dead are men the all for Egypt: into return Go, Midian, in Moses unto said Lord the And
peace. in Go Moses, to said Jethro And alive. yet be they whether see and Egypt, in are which brethren my unto return and thee, pray I go, me Let him, unto said and law, in father his Jethro to returned and went Moses And
signs. do shalt thou wherewith hand, thine in rod this take shalt thou And
God. of instead him to be shalt thou and mouth, a of instead thee to be shall he even be, shall he and people: the unto spokesman thy be shall he And
do. shall ye what you teach will and mouth, his with and mouth, thy with be will I and mouth: his in words put and him, unto speak shalt thou And
heart. his in glad be will he thee, seeth he when and thee: meet to forth cometh he behold, also, And well. speak can he that know I brother? thy Levite the Aaron not Is said, he and Moses, against kindled was Lord the of anger the And
send. wilt thou whom him of hand the by thee, pray I send, , Lord my O said, he And
say. shalt thou what thee teach and mouth, thy with be will I and go, therefore Now
? Lord the I not have blind? the or seeing, the or deaf, or dumb, the maketh who or mouth? man's made hath Who him, unto said Lord the And
tongue. slow a of and speech, of slow am I but servant: thy unto spoken hast thou since nor heretofore, neither eloquent, not am I , Lord my O , Lord the unto said Moses And
land. dry the upon blood become shall river the of out takest thou which water the and land: dry the upon it pour and river, the of water the of take shalt thou that voice, thy unto hearken neither signs, two these also believe not will they if pass, to come shall it And
sign. latter the of voice the believe will they that sign, first the of voice the to hearken neither thee, believe not will they if pass, to come shall it And
flesh. other his as again turned was it behold, and, bosom, his of out it plucked and again; bosom his into hand his put he And again. bosom thy into hand thine Put said, he And
snow. as leprous was hand his behold, out, it took he when and bosom: his into hand his put he And bosom. thy into hand thine now Put him, unto furthermore said Lord the And
thee. unto appeared hath Jacob, of God the and Isaac, of God the Abraham, of God the fathers, their of God Lord the that believe may they That
hand: his in rod a became it and it, caught and hand, his forth put he And tail. the by it take and hand, thine forth Put Moses, unto said Lord the And
it. before from fled Moses and serpent; a became it and ground, the on it cast he And ground. the on it Cast said, he And
rod. A said, he And hand? thine in that is What him, unto said Lord the And
thee. unto appeared not hath Lord The say, will they for voice: my unto hearken nor me, believe not will they behold, But, said, and answered Moses And
Egyptians. the spoil shall ye and daughters; your upon and sons, your upon them put shall ye and raiment: and gold, of jewels and silver, of jewels house, her in sojourneth that her of and neighbour, her of borrow shall woman every But
empty. go not shall ye go, ye when that, pass, to come shall it and Egyptians: the of sight the in favour people this give will I And
go. you let will he that after and thereof: midst the in do will I which wonders my all with Egypt smite and hand, my out stretch will I And
hand. mighty a by not no, go, you let not will Egypt of king the that sure am I And
God. our Lord the to sacrifice may we that wilderness, the into journey days' three thee, beseech we go, us let now and us: with met hath Hebrews the of God Lord The him, unto say shall ye and Egypt, of king the unto Israel, of elders the and thou come, shalt thou and voice: thy to hearken shall they And
honey. and milk with flowing land a unto Jebusites, the and Hivites, the and Perizzites, the and Amorites, the and Hittites, the and Canaanites, the of land the unto Egypt of affliction the of out up you bring will I said, have I And
Egypt: in you to done is which that seen and you, visited surely have I saying, me, unto appeared Jacob, of and Isaac, of Abraham, of God the fathers, your of God Lord The them, unto say and together, Israel of elders the gather and Go,
generations. all unto memorial my is this and ever, for name my is this you: unto me sent hath Jacob, of God the and Isaac, of God the Abraham, of God the fathers, your of God Lord the Israel, of children the unto say thou shalt Thus Moses, unto moreover said God And
you. unto me sent hath Am I Israel, of children the unto say thou shalt Thus said, he and : Am I That Am I Moses, unto said God And
them? unto say I shall what name? his is What me, to say shall they and you; unto me sent hath fathers your of God The them, unto say shall and Israel, of children the unto come I when Behold, God, unto said Moses And
mountain. this upon God serve shall ye Egypt, of out people the forth brought hast thou When thee: sent have I that thee, unto token a be shall this and thee; with be will I Certainly said, he And
Egypt? of out Israel of children the forth bring should I that and Pharaoh, unto go should I that I, am Who God, unto said Moses And
Egypt. of out Israel of children the people my forth bring mayest thou that Pharaoh, unto thee send will I and therefore, now Come
them. oppress Egyptians the wherewith oppression the seen also have I and me: unto come is Israel of children the of cry the behold, therefore, Now
Jebusites. the and Hivites, the and Perizzites, the and Amorites, the and Hittites, the and Canaanites, the of place the unto honey; and milk with flowing land a unto large, a and land good a unto land that of out up them bring to and Egyptians, the of hand the of out them deliver to down come am I And
sorrows; their know I for taskmasters; their of reason by cry their heard have and Egypt, in are which people my of affliction the seen surely have I said, Lord the And
God. upon look to afraid was he for face; his hid Moses And Jacob. of God the and Isaac, of God the Abraham, of God the father, thy of God the am I said, he Moreover
ground. holy is standest thou whereon place the for feet, thy off from shoes thy off put hither: nigh not Draw said, he And
I. am Here said, he And Moses. Moses, said, and bush, the of midst the of out him unto called God see, to aside turned he that saw Lord the when And
burnt. not is bush the why sight, great this see and aside, turn now will I said, Moses And
consumed. not was bush the and fire, with burned bush the behold, and, looked, he and bush: a of midst the of out fire of flame a in him unto appeared Lord the of angel the And
Horeb. to even God, of mountain the to came and desert, the of backside the to flock the led he and Midian: of priest the law, in father his Jethro of flock the kept Moses Now
them. unto respect had God and Israel, of children the upon looked God And
Jacob. with and Isaac, with Abraham, with covenant his remembered God and groaning, their heard God And
bondage. the of reason by God unto up came cry their and cried, they and bondage, the of reason by sighed Israel of children the and died: Egypt of king the that time, of process in pass to came it And
land. strange a in stranger a been have I said, he for Gershom: name his called he and son, a him bare she And
daughter. his Zipporah Moses gave he and man: the with dwell to content was Moses And
bread. eat may he that him, call man? the left have ye that it is why he? is where And daughters, his unto said he And
flock. the watered and us, for enough water drew also and shepherds, the of hand the of out us delivered Egyptian An said, they And
day? to soon so come are ye that it is How said, he father, their Reuel to came they when And
flock. their watered and them, helped and up stood Moses but away: them drove and came shepherds the And
flock. father's their water to troughs the filled and water, drew and came they and daughters: seven had Midian of priest the Now
well. a by down sat he and Midian: of land the in dwelt and Pharaoh, of face the from fled Moses But Moses. slay to sought he thing, this heard Pharaoh when Now
known. is thing this Surely said, and feared, Moses And Egyptian? the killedst thou as me, kill to thou intendest us? over judge a and prince a thee made Who said, he And
fellow? thy thou smitest Wherefore wrong, the did that him to said he and together: strove Hebrews the of men two behold, day, second the out went he when And
sand. the in him hid and Egyptian, the slew he man, no was there that saw he when and way, that and way this looked he And
brethren. his of one Hebrew, an smiting Egyptian an spied he and burdens: their on looked and brethren, his unto out went he that grown, was Moses when days, those in pass to came it And
water. the of out him drew I Because said, she and Moses: name his called she And son. her became he and daughter, Pharaoh's unto him brought she and grew, child the And
it. nursed and child, the took women the And wages. thy thee give will I and me, for it nurse and away, child this Take her, unto said daughter Pharaoh's And
mother. child's the called and went maid the And Go. her, to said daughter Pharaoh's And
thee? for child the nurse may she that women, Hebrew the of nurse a thee to call and go I Shall daughter, Pharaoh's to sister his said Then
children. Hebrews' the of one is This said, and him, on compassion had she And wept. babe the behold, and, child: the saw she it, opened had she when And
it. fetch to maid her sent she flags, the among ark the saw she when and side; river's the by along walked maidens her and river; the at herself wash to down came Pharaoh of daughter the And
him. to done be would what wit to off, afar stood sister his And
brink. river's the by flags the in it laid she and therein; child the put and pitch, with and slime with it daubed and bulrushes, of ark an him for took she him, hide longer not could she when And
months. three him hid she child, goodly a was he that him saw she when and son: a bare and conceived, woman the And
Levi. of daughter a wife to took and Levi, of house the of man a went there And
alive. save shall ye daughter every and river, the into cast shall ye born is that son Every saying, people, his all charged Pharaoh And
houses. them made he that God, feared midwives the because pass, to came it And
mighty. very waxed and multiplied, people the and midwives: the with well dealt God Therefore
them. unto in come midwives the ere delivered are and lively, are they for women; Egyptian the as not are women Hebrew the Because Pharaoh, unto said midwives the And
alive? children men the saved have and thing, this done ye have Why them, unto said and midwives, the for called Egypt of king the And
alive. children men the saved but them, commanded Egypt of king the as not did and God, feared midwives the But
live. shall she then daughter, a be it if but him: kill shall ye then son, a be it if stools; the upon them see and women, Hebrew the to midwife a of office the do ye When said, he And
Puah: other the of name the and Shiphrah, was one the of name the which of midwives, Hebrew the to spake Egypt of king the And
rigour. with was serve, them made they wherein service, their all field: the in service of manner all in and brick, in and morter, in bondage, hard with bitter lives their made they And
rigour: with serve to Israel of children the made Egyptians the And
Israel. of children the of because grieved were they And grew. and multiplied they more the them, afflicted they more the But
Raamses. and Pithom cities, treasure Pharaoh for built they And burdens. their with them afflict to taskmasters them over set did they Therefore
land. the of out up them get so and us, against fight and enemies, our unto also join they war, any out falleth there when that, pass, to come it and multiply, they lest them; with wisely deal us let on, Come
we: than mightier and more are Israel of children the of people the Behold, people, his unto said he And
Joseph. not knew which Egypt, over king new a up arose there Now
them. with filled was land the and mighty; exceeding waxed and multiplied, and abundantly, increased and fruitful, were Israel of children the And
generation. that all and brethren, his all and died, Joseph And
already. Egypt in was Joseph for souls: seventy were Jacob of loins the of out came that souls the all And
Asher. and Gad, Naphtali, and Dan,
Benjamin, and Zebulun, Issachar,
Judah, and Levi, Simeon, Reuben,
Jacob. with came household his and man every Egypt; into came which Israel, of children the of names the are these Now
Exodus
Egypt. in coffin a in put was he and him, embalmed they and old: years ten and hundred an being died, Joseph So
hence. from bones my up carry shall ye and you, visit surely will God saying, Israel, of children the of oath an took Joseph And
Jacob. to and Isaac, to Abraham, to sware he which land the unto land this of out you bring and you, visit surely will God and die: I brethren, his unto said Joseph And
knees. Joseph's upon up brought were Manasseh of son the Machir of also children the generation: third the of children Ephraim's saw Joseph And
years. ten and hundred an lived Joseph and house: father's his and he, Egypt, in dwelt Joseph And
them. unto kindly spake and them, comforted he And ones. little your and you, nourish will I not: ye fear therefore Now
alive. people much save to day, this is it as pass, to bring to good, unto it meant God but me; against evil thought ye you, for as But
God? of place the in I am for not: Fear them, unto said Joseph And
servants. thy be we Behold, said, they and face; his before down fell and went also brethren his And
him. unto spake they when wept Joseph And father. thy of God the of servants the of trespass the forgive thee, pray we now, and evil: thee unto did they for sin; their and brethren, thy of trespass the now, thee pray I Forgive, Joseph, unto say ye shall So
saying, died, he before command did father Thy saying, Joseph, unto messenger a sent they And
him. unto did we which evil the all us requite certainly will and us, hate peradventure will Joseph said, they dead, was father their that saw brethren Joseph's when And
father. his buried had he after father, his bury to him with up went that all and brethren, his and he, Egypt, into returned Joseph And
Mamre. before Hittite, the Ephron of buryingplace a of possession a for field the with bought Abraham which Machpelah, of field the of cave the in him buried and Canaan, of land the into him carried sons his For
them: commanded he as according him unto did sons his And
Jordan. beyond is which Abelmizraim, called was it of name the wherefore Egyptians: the to mourning grievous a is This said, they Atad, of floor the in mourning the saw Canaanites, the land, the of inhabitants the when And
days. seven father his for mourning a made he and lamentation: sore very and great a with mourned they there and Jordan, beyond is which Atad, of threshingfloor the to came they And
company. great very a was it and horsemen: and chariots both him with up went there And
Goshen. of land the in left they herds, their and flocks, their and ones, little their only house: father's his and brethren, his and Joseph, of house the all And
Egypt, of land the of elders the all and house, his of elders the Pharaoh, of servants the all up went him with and father: his bury to up went Joseph And
swear. thee made he as according father, thy bury and up, Go said, Pharaoh And
again. come will I and father, my bury and thee, pray I up, go me let therefore Now me. bury thou shalt there Canaan, of land the in me for digged have I which grave my in die: I Lo, saying, swear, me made father My
saying, Pharaoh, of ears the in you, pray I speak, eyes, your in grace found have I now If saying, Pharaoh, of house the unto spake Joseph past, were mourning his of days the when And
days. ten and threescore him for mourned Egyptians the and embalmed: are which those of days the fulfilled are so for him; for fulfilled were days forty And
Israel. embalmed physicians the and father: his embalm to physicians the servants his commanded Joseph And
him. kissed and him, upon wept and face, father's his upon fell Joseph And
people. his unto gathered was and ghost, the up yielded and bed, the into feet his up gathered he sons, his commanding of end an made had Jacob when And
Heth. of children the from was therein is that cave the of and field the of purchase The
Leah. buried I there and wife; his Rebekah and Isaac buried they there wife; his Sarah and Abraham buried they There
buryingplace. a of possession a for Hittite the Ephron of field the with bought Abraham which Canaan, of land the in Mamre, before is which Machpelah, of field the in is that cave the In
Hittite, the Ephron of field the in is that cave the in fathers my with me bury people: my unto gathered be to am I them, unto said and them, charged he And
them. blessed he blessing his to according one every them; blessed and them, unto spake father their that it is this and Israel: of tribes twelve the are these All
spoil. the divide shall he night at and prey, the devour shall he morning the in wolf: a as ravin shall Benjamin
brethren. his from separate was that him of head the of crown the on and Joseph, of head the on be shall they hills: everlasting the of bound utmost the unto progenitors my of blessings the above prevailed have father thy of blessings The
womb: the of and breasts, the of blessings under, lieth that deep the of blessings above, heaven of blessings with thee bless shall who Almighty, the by and thee; help shall who father, thy of God the by Even
Israel:) of stone the shepherd, the is thence (from Jacob; of God mighty the of hands the by strong made were hands his of arms the and strength, in abode bow his But
him: hated and him, at shot and him, grieved sorely have archers The
wall: the over run branches whose well; a by bough fruitful a even bough, fruitful a is Joseph
words. goodly giveth he loose: let hind a is Naphtali
dainties. royal yield shall he and fat, be shall bread his Asher of Out
last. the at overcome shall he but him: overcome shall troop a Gad,
. Lord O salvation, thy for waited have I
backward. fall shall rider his that so heels, horse the biteth that path, the in adder an way, the by serpent a be shall Dan
Israel. of tribes the of one as people, his judge shall Dan
tribute. unto servant a became and bear, to shoulder his bowed and pleasant; was it that land the and good, was rest that saw he And
burdens: two between down couching ass strong a is Issachar
Zidon. unto be shall border his and ships; of haven an for be shall he and sea; the of haven the at dwell shall Zebulun
milk. with white teeth his and wine, with red be shall eyes His
grapes: of blood the in clothes his and wine, in garments his washed he vine; choice the unto colt ass's his and vine, the unto foal his Binding
be. people the of gathering the shall him unto and come; Shiloh until feet, his between from lawgiver a nor Judah, from depart not shall sceptre The
up? him rouse shall who lion; old an as and lion, a as couched he down, stooped he up: gone art thou son, my prey, the from whelp: lion's a is Judah
thee. before down bow shall children father's thy enemies; thine of neck the in be shall hand thy praise: shall brethren thy whom he art thou Judah,
Israel. in them scatter and Jacob, in them divide will I cruel: was it for wrath, their and fierce; was it for anger, their be Cursed
wall. a down digged they selfwill their in and man, a slew they anger their in for united: thou not be honour, mine assembly, their unto secret; their into thou not come soul, my O
habitations. their in are cruelty of instruments brethren; are Levi and Simeon
couch. my to up went he it: thou defiledst then bed; father's thy to up wentest thou because excel; not shalt thou water, as Unstable
power: of excellency the and dignity, of excellency the strength, my of beginning the and might, my firstborn, my art thou Reuben,
father. your Israel unto hearken and Jacob; of sons ye hear, and together, yourselves Gather
days. last the in you befall shall which that you tell may I that together, yourselves Gather said, and sons, his unto called Jacob And
bow. my with and sword my with Amorite the of hand the of out took I which brethren, thy above portion one thee to given have I Moreover
fathers. your of land the unto again you bring and you, with be shall God but die: I Behold, Joseph, unto said Israel And
Manasseh. before Ephraim set he and Manasseh: as and Ephraim as thee make God saying, bless, Israel shall thee In saying, day, that them blessed he And
nations. of multitude a become shall seed his and he, than greater be shall brother younger his truly but great: be shall also he and people, a become shall also he it: know I son, my it, know I said, and refused, father his And
head. his upon hand right thy put firstborn; the is this for father: my so, Not father, his unto said Joseph And
head. Manasseh's unto head Ephraim's from it remove to hand, father's his up held he and him: displeased it Ephraim, of head the upon hand right his laid father his that saw Joseph when And
earth. the of midst the in multitude a into grow them let and Isaac; and Abraham fathers my of name the and them, on named be name my let and lads; the bless evil, all from me redeemed which Angel The
day, this unto long life my all me fed which God the walk, did Isaac and Abraham fathers my whom before God, said, and Joseph, blessed he And
firstborn. the was Manasseh for wittingly; hands his guiding head, Manasseh's upon hand left his and younger, the was who head, Ephraim's upon it laid and hand, right his out stretched Israel And
him. unto near them brought and hand, right Israel's toward hand left his in Manasseh and hand, left Israel's toward hand right his in Ephraim both, them took Joseph And
earth. the to face his with himself bowed he and knees, his between from out them brought Joseph And
seed. thy also me shewed hath God lo, and, face: thy see to thought not had I Joseph, unto said Israel And
them. embraced and them, kissed he and him; unto near them brought he And see. not could he that so age, for dim were Israel of eyes the Now
them. bless will I and me, unto thee, pray I them, Bring said, he And place. this in me given hath God whom sons, my are They father, his unto said Joseph And
these? are Who said, and sons, Joseph's beheld Israel And
Bethlehem. is same the Ephrath; of way the in there her buried I and Ephrath: unto come to way little a but was there yet when way, the in Canaan of land the in me by died Rachel Padan, from came I when me, for as And
inheritance. their in brethren their of name the after called be shall and thine, be shall them, after begettest thou which issue, thy And
mine. be shall they Simeon, and Reuben as mine; are Egypt, into thee unto came I before Egypt of land the in thee unto born were which Manasseh, and Ephraim sons, two thy now And
possession. everlasting an for thee after seed thy to land this give will and people; of multitude a thee of make will I and thee, multiply and fruitful, thee make will I Behold, me, unto said And
me, blessed and Canaan, of land the in Luz at me unto appeared Almighty God Joseph, unto said Jacob And
bed. the upon sat and himself, strengthened Israel and thee: unto cometh Joseph son thy Behold, said, and Jacob, told one And
Ephraim. and Manasseh sons, two his him with took he and sick: is father thy Behold, Joseph, told one that things, these after pass to came it And
head. bed's the upon himself bowed Israel And him. unto sware he And me. unto Swear said, he And
said. hast thou as do will I said, he And buryingplace. their in me bury and Egypt, of out me carry shalt thou and fathers, my with lie will I But
Egypt: in thee, pray I not, me bury me; with truly and kindly deal and thigh, my under hand thy thee, pray I put, sight, thy in grace found have I now If him, unto said and Joseph, son his called he and die: must Israel that nigh drew time the And
years. seven and forty hundred an was Jacob of age whole the so years: seventeen Egypt of land the in lived Jacob And
exceedingly. multiplied and grew, and therein, possessions had they and Goshen; of country the in Egypt, of land the in dwelt Israel And
Pharaoh's. not became which only, priests the of land the except part, fifth the have should Pharaoh that day, this unto Egypt of land the over law a it made Joseph And
servants. Pharaoh's be will we and lord, my of sight the in grace find us let lives: our saved hast Thou said, they And
ones. little your for food for and households, your of them for and food, your for and field, the of seed for own, your be shall parts four and Pharaoh, unto part fifth the give shall ye that increase, the in pass to come shall it And
land. the sow shall ye and you, for seed is here lo, Pharaoh: for land your and day this you bought have I Behold, people, the unto said Joseph Then
lands. their not sold they wherefore them: gave Pharaoh which portion their eat did and Pharaoh, of them assigned portion a had priests the for not; he bought priests the of land the Only
thereof. end other the to even Egypt of borders the of end one from cities to them removed he people, the for as And
Pharaoh's. became land the so them: over prevailed famine the because field, his man every sold Egyptians the for Pharaoh; for Egypt of land the all bought Joseph And
desolate. not be land the that die, not and live, may we that seed, us give and Pharaoh: unto servants be will land our and we and bread, for land our and us buy land? our and we both eyes, thine before die we shall Wherefore
lands: our and bodies, our but lord, my of sight the in left ought not is there cattle; of herds our hath also lord my spent; is money our that how lord, my from it hide not will We him, unto said and year, second the him unto came they ended, was year that When
year. that for cattle their all for bread with them fed he and asses: the for and herds, the of cattle the for and flocks, the for and horses, for exchange in bread them gave Joseph and Joseph: unto cattle their brought they And
fail. money if cattle, your for you give will I and cattle; your Give said, Joseph And
faileth. money the for presence? thy in die we should why for bread: us Give said, and Joseph, unto came Egyptians the all Canaan, of land the in and Egypt, of land the in failed money when And
house. Pharaoh's into money the brought Joseph and bought: they which corn the for Canaan, of land the in and Egypt, of land the in found was that money the all up gathered Joseph And
famine. the of reason by fainted Canaan of land the all and Egypt of land the that so sore, very was famine the for land; the all in bread no was there And
families. their to according bread, with household, father's his all and brethren, his and father, his nourished Joseph And
commanded. had Pharaoh as Rameses, of land the in land, the of best the in Egypt, of land the in possession a them gave and brethren, his and father his placed Joseph And
Pharaoh. before from out went and Pharaoh, blessed Jacob And
pilgrimage. their of days the in fathers my of life the of years the of days the unto attained not have and been, life my of years the of days the have evil and few years: thirty and hundred an are pilgrimage my of years the of days The Pharaoh, unto said Jacob And
thou? art old How Jacob, unto said Pharaoh And
Pharaoh. blessed Jacob and Pharaoh: before him set and father, his Jacob in brought Joseph And
cattle. my over rulers them make then them, among activity of men any knowest thou if and dwell: them let Goshen of land the in dwell; to brethren and father thy make land the of best the in thee; before is Egypt of land The
thee: unto come are brethren thy and father Thy saying, Joseph, unto spake Pharaoh And
Goshen. of land the in dwell servants thy let thee, pray we therefore, now Canaan: of land the in sore is famine the for flocks; their for pasture no have servants thy for come; we are land the in sojourn to For Pharaoh, unto morever said They
fathers. our also and we, both shepherds, are servants Thy Pharaoh, unto said they And occupation? your is What brethren, his unto said Pharaoh And
Pharaoh. unto them presented and men, five even brethren, his of some took he And
Goshen. of land the in are they behold, and, Canaan; of land the of out come are have, they that all and herds, their and flocks, their and brethren, my and father My said, and Pharaoh, told and came Joseph Then
Egyptians. the unto abomination an is shepherd every for Goshen; of land the in dwell may ye that fathers: our also and we, both now, until even youth our from cattle about been hath trade servants' Thy say, shall ye That
occupation? your is What say, shall and you, call shall Pharaoh when pass, to come shall it And
have. they that all and herds, their and flocks, their brought have they and cattle; feed to been hath trade their for shepherds, are men the And
me; unto come are Canaan, of land the in were which house, father's my and brethren, My him, unto say and Pharaoh, shew and up, go will I house, father's his unto and brethren, his unto said Joseph And
alive. yet art thou because face, thy seen have I since die, me let Now Joseph, unto said Israel And
while. good a neck his on wept and neck, his on fell he and him; unto himself presented and Goshen, to father, his Israel meet to up went and chariot, his ready made Joseph And
Goshen. of land the into came they and Goshen; unto face his direct to Joseph, unto him before Judah sent he And
ten. and threescore were Egypt, into came which Jacob, of house the of souls the all souls: two were Egypt, in him born were which Joseph, of sons the And
six; and threescore were souls the all wives, sons' Jacob's besides loins, his of out came which Egypt, into Jacob with came that souls the All
seven. were souls the all Jacob: unto these bare she and daughter, his Rachel unto gave Laban which Bilhah, of sons the are These
Shillem. and Jezer, and Guni, and Jahzeel, Naphtali; of sons the And
Hushim. Dan; of sons the And
fourteen. were souls the all Jacob: to born were which Rachel, of sons the are These
Ard. and Huppim, and Muppim, Rosh, and Ehi, Naaman, and Gera, Ashbel, and Becher, and Belah, were Benjamin of sons the And
him. unto bare On of priest Potipherah of daughter the Asenath which Ephraim, and Manasseh born were Egypt of land the in Joseph unto And
Benjamin. and Joseph, wife; Jacob's Rachel of sons The
souls. sixteen even Jacob, unto bare she these and daughter, his Leah to gave Laban whom Zilpah, of sons the are These
Malchiel. and Heber, Beriah; of sons the and sister: their Serah and Beriah, and Isui, and Ishuah, and Jimnah, Asher; of sons the And
Areli. and Arodi, and Eri, Ezbon, and Shuni, Haggi, and Ziphion, Gad; of sons the And
three. and thirty were daughters his and sons his of souls the all Dinah: daughter his with Padanaram, in Jacob unto bare she which Leah, of sons the be These
Jahleel. and Elon, and Sered, Zebulun; of sons the And
Shimron. and Job, and Phuvah, and Tola, Issachar; of sons the And
Hamul. and Hezron were Pharez of sons the And Canaan. of land the in died Onan and Er but Zarah: and Pharez, and Shelah, and Onan, and Er, Judah; of sons the And
Merari. and Kohath, Gershon, Levi; of sons the And
woman. Canaanitish a of son the Shaul and Zohar, and Jachin, and Ohad, and Jamin, and Jemuel, Simeon; of sons the And
Carmi. and Hezron, and Phallu, and Hanoch, Reuben; of sons the And
firstborn. Jacob's Reuben, sons: his and Jacob Egypt, into came which Israel, of children the of names the are these And
Egypt. into him with he brought seed his all and daughters, sons' his and daughters, his him, with sons sons' his and sons, His
him: with seed his all and Jacob, Egypt, into came and Canaan, of land the in gotten had they which goods, their and cattle, their took they And
him. carry to sent had Pharaoh which wagons the in wives, their and ones, little their and father, their Jacob carried Israel of sons the and Beersheba: from up rose Jacob And
eyes. thine upon hand his put shall Joseph and again: up thee bring surely also will I and Egypt; into thee with down go will I
nation: great a thee of make there will I for Egypt; into down go to not fear father: thy of God the God, am I said, he And
I. am Here said, he And Jacob. Jacob, said, and night, the of visions the in Israel unto spake God And
Isaac. father his of God the unto sacrifices offered and Beersheba, to came and had, he that all with journey his took Israel And
die. I before him see and go will I alive: yet is son my Joseph enough; is It said, Israel And
revived: father their Jacob of spirit the him, carry to sent had Joseph which wagons the saw he when and them: unto said had he which Joseph, of words the all him told they And
not. them believed he for fainted, heart Jacob's And Egypt. of land the all over governor is he and alive, yet is Joseph saying, him, told And
father, their Jacob unto Canaan of land the into came and Egypt, of out up went they And
way. the by out not fall ye that See them, unto said he and departed: they and away, brethren his sent he So
way. the by father his for meat and bread and corn with laden asses she ten and Egypt, of things good the with laden asses ten manner; this after sent he father his to And
raiment. of changes five and silver, of pieces hundred three gave he Benjamin to but raiment; of changes man each gave he them of all To
way. the for provision them gave and Pharaoh, of commandment the to according wagons, them gave Joseph and so: did Israel of children the And
your's. is Egypt of land the all of good the for stuff; your not regard Also
come. and father, your bring and wives, your for and ones, little your for Egypt of land the of out wagons you take ye; do this commanded, art thou Now
land. the of fat the eat shall ye and Egypt, of land the of good the you give will I and me: unto come and households, your and father your take And
Canaan; of land the unto you get go, and beasts, your lade ye; do This brethren, thy unto Say Joseph, unto said Pharaoh And
servants. his and well, Pharaoh pleased it and come: are brethren Joseph's saying, house, Pharaoh's in heard was thereof fame the And
him. with talked brethren his that after and them: upon wept and brethren, his all kissed he Moreover
neck. his upon wept Benjamin and wept; and neck, Benjamin's brother his upon fell he And
hither. father my down bring and haste shall ye and seen; have ye that all of and Egypt, in glory my all of father my tell shall ye And
you. unto speaketh that mouth my is it that Benjamin, brother my of eyes the and see, eyes your behold, And,
poverty. to come hast, thou that all and household, thy and thou, lest famine; of years five are there yet for thee; nourish I will there And
hast: thou that all and herds, thy and flocks, thy and children, children's thy and children, thy and thou, me, unto near be shalt thou and Goshen, of land the in dwell shalt thou And
not: tarry me, unto down come Egypt: all of lord me made hath God Joseph, son thy saith Thus him, unto say and father, my to up go and ye, Haste
Egypt. of land the all throughout ruler a and house, his all of lord and Pharaoh, to father a me made hath he and God: but hither, me sent that you not was it now So
deliverance. great a by lives your save to and earth, the in posterity a you preserve to you before me sent God And
harvest. nor earing be neither shall there which the in years, five are there yet and land: the in been famine the hath years two these For
life. preserve to you before me send did God for hither: me sold ye that yourselves, with angry nor grieved, not be therefore Now
Egypt. into sold ye whom brother, your Joseph am I said, he And near. came they And you. pray I me, to near Come brethren, his unto said Joseph And
presence. his at troubled were they for him; answer not could brethren his And live? yet father my doth Joseph; am I brethren, his unto said Joseph And
heard. Pharaoh of house the and Egyptians the and aloud: wept he And
brethren. his unto known himself made Joseph while him, with man no stood there And me. from out go to man every Cause cried, he and him; by stood that them all before himself refrain not could Joseph Then
father. my on come shall that evil the see I peradventure lest me? with not be lad the and father, my to up go I shall how For
brethren. his with up go lad the let and lord; my to bondman a lad the of instead abide servant thy let thee, pray I therefore, Now
ever. for father my to blame the bear shall I then thee, unto not him bring I If saying, father, my unto lad the for surety became servant thy For
grave. the to sorrow with father our servant thy of hairs gray the down bring shall servants thy and die: will he that us, with not is lad the that seeth he when pass, to come shall It
life; lad's the in up bound is life his that seeing us; with not be lad the and father, my servant thy to come I when therefore Now
grave. the to sorrow with hairs gray my down bring shall ye him, befall mischief and me, from also this take ye if And
since: not him saw I and pieces; in torn is he Surely said, I and me, from out went one the And
sons: two me bare wife my that know Ye us, unto said father my servant thy And
us. with be brother youngest our except face, man's the see not may we for down: go we will then us, with be brother youngest our if down: go cannot We said, we And
food. little a us buy and again, Go said, father our And
lord. my of words the him told we father, my servant thy unto up came we when pass to came it And
more. no face my see shall ye you, with down come brother youngest your Except servants, thy unto saidst thou And
die. would father his father, his leave should he if for father: his leave cannot lad The lord, my unto said we And
him. upon eyes mine set may I that me, unto down him Bring servants, thy unto saidst thou And
him. loveth father his and mother, his of left is alone he and dead, is brother his and one; little a age, old his of child a and man, old an father, a have We lord, my unto said we And
brother? a or father, a ye Have saying, servants, his asked lord My
Pharaoh. as even art thou for servant: thy against burn anger thine not let and ears, lord's my in word a speak thee, pray I servant, thy let lord, my Oh said, and him, unto near came Judah Then
father. your unto peace in up you get you, for as and servant; my be shall he found, is cup the hand whose in man the but so: do should I that forbid God said, he And
found. is cup the whom with also he and we, both servants, lord's my are we behold, servants: thy of iniquity the out found hath God ourselves? clear we shall how or speak? we shall what lord? my unto say we shall What said, Judah And
divine? certainly can I as man a such that not ye wot done? have ye that this is deed What them, unto said Joseph And
ground. the on him before fell they and there: yet was he for house; Joseph's to came brethren his and Judah And
city. the to returned and ass, his man every laded and clothes, their rent they Then
sack. Benjamin's in found was cup the and youngest: the at left and eldest, the at began and searched, he And
sack. his man every opened and ground, the to sack his man every down took speedily they Then
blameless. be shall ye and servant; my be shall found is it whom with he words: your unto according be it let also Now said, he And
bondmen. lord's my be will also we and die, him let both found, be it servants thy of whomsoever With
gold? or silver house lord's thy of out steal we should then how Canaan: of land the of out thee unto again brought we mouths, sacks' our in found we which money, the Behold,
thing: this to according do should servants thy that forbid God words? these lord my saith Wherefore him, unto said they And
words. same these them unto spake he and them, overtook he And
doing. so in evil done have ye divineth? he indeed whereby and drinketh, lord my which in it this not Is
good? for evil rewarded ye have Wherefore them, unto say them, overtake dost thou when and men; the after follow Up, steward, his unto said Joseph off, far yet not and city, the of out gone were they when And
asses. their and they away, sent were men the light, was morning the as soon As
spoken. had Joseph that word the to according did he And money. corn his and youngest, the of mouth sack's the in cup, silver the cup, my put And
mouth. sack's his in money man's every put and carry, can they as much as food, with sacks men's the Fill saying, house, his of steward the commanded he And
him. with merry were and drank, they And their's. of any as much so times five was mess Benjamin's but him: before from them unto messes sent and took he And
another. at one marvelled men the and youth: his to according youngest the and birthright, his to according firstborn the him, before sat they And
Egyptians. the unto abomination an is that for Hebrews; the with bread eat not might Egyptians the because themselves: by him, with eat did which Egyptians, the for and themselves, by them for and himself, by him for on set they And
bread. on Set said, and himself, refrained and out, went and face, his washed he And
there. wept and chamber, his into entered he and weep; to where sought he and brother: his upon yearn did bowels his for haste; made Joseph And
son. my thee, unto gracious be God said, he And me? unto spake ye whom of brother, younger your this Is said, and son, mother's his Benjamin, brother his saw and eyes, his up lifted he And
obeisance. made and heads, their down bowed they And alive. yet is he health, good in is father our servant Thy answered, they And
alive? yet he Is spake? ye whom of man old the well, father your Is said, and welfare, their of them asked he And
earth. the to him to themselves bowed and house, the into hand their in was which present the him brought they home, came Joseph when And
there. bread eat should they that heard they for noon: at came Joseph against present the ready made they And
provender. asses their gave he and feet; their washed they and water, them gave and house, Joseph's into men the brought man the And
them. unto out Simeon brought he And money. your had I sacks: your in treasure you given hath father, your of God the and God, your not: fear you, to be Peace said, he And
sacks. our in money our put who tell cannot we food: buy to hands our in down brought we have money other And
hand. our in again it brought have we and weight: full in money our sack, his of mouth the in was money man's every behold, and, sacks, our opened we that inn, the to came we when pass, to came it And
food: buy to time first the at down indeed came we sir, O said, And
house, the of door the at him with communed they and house, Joseph's of steward the to near came they And
asses. our and bondmen, for us take and us, upon fall and us, against occasion seek may he that in; brought we are time first the at sacks our in returned was that money the of Because said, they and house; Joseph's into brought were they because afraid, were men the And
house. Joseph's into men the brought man the and bade; Joseph as did man the And
noon. at me with dine shall men these for ready; make and slay, and home, men these Bring house, his of ruler the to said he them, with Benjamin saw Joseph when And
Joseph. before stood and Egypt, to down went and up, rose and Benjamin; and hand their in money double took they and present, that took men the And
bereaved. am I children, my of bereaved be I If Benjamin. and brother, other your away send may he that man, the before mercy you give Almighty God And
man: the unto again go arise, and brother, your also Take
oversight: an was it peradventure hand; your in again it carry sacks, your of mouth the in again brought was that money the and hand; your in money double take And
almonds: and nuts, myrrh, and spices, honey, little a and balm, little a present, a man the down carry and vessels, your in land the in fruits best the of take this; do now, so be must it If them, unto said Israel father their And
time. second this returned had we now surely lingered, had we except For
ever: for blame the bear me let then thee, before him set and thee, unto not him bring I if him: require thou shalt hand my of him; for surety be will I
ones. little our also and thou, and we, both die, not and live, may we that go; and arise will we and me, with lad the Send father, his Israel unto said Judah And
down? brother your Bring say, would he that know certainly we could words: these of tenor the to according him told we and brother? another ye have alive? yet father your Is saying, kindred, our of and state, our of straitly us asked man The said, they And
brother? a yet had ye whether man the tell to as me, with ill so ye dealt Wherefore said, Israel And
you. with be brother your except face, my see not shall Ye us, unto said man the for down: go not will we him, send not wilt thou if But
food: thee buy and down go will we us, with brother our send wilt thou If
you. with be brother your except face, my see not shall Ye saying, us, unto protest solemnly did man The saying, him, unto spake Judah And
food. little a us buy again, Go them, unto said father their Egypt, of out brought had they which corn the up eaten had they when pass, to came it And
land. the in sore was famine the And
grave. the to sorrow with hairs gray my down bring ye shall then go, ye which the in way the by him befall mischief if alone: left is he and dead, is brother his for you; with down go not shall son My said, he And
again. thee to him bring will I and hand, my into him deliver thee: to not him bring I if sons, two my Slay saying, father, his unto spake Reuben And
me. against are things these all away: Benjamin take will ye and not, is Simeon and not, is Joseph children: my of bereaved ye have Me them, unto said father their Jacob And
afraid. were they money, of bundles the saw father their and they both when and sack: his in was money of bundle man's every behold, that, sacks, their emptied they as pass to came it And
land. the in traffick shall ye and brother, your you deliver I will so men: true are ye that but spies, no are ye that know I shall then me: unto brother youngest your bring And
gone: be and households, your of famine the for food take and me, with here brethren your of one leave men; true are ye that know I shall Hereby us, unto said country, the of lord the man, the And
Canaan. of land the in father our with day this is youngest the and not, is one father; our of sons brethren, twelve be We
spies: no are we men; true are We him, unto said we And
country. the of spies for us took and us, to roughly spake land, the of lord the is who man, The
saying, them; unto befell that all him told and Canaan, of land the unto father their Jacob unto came they And
us? unto done hath God that this is What another, to one saying afraid, were they and them, failed heart their and sack: my in even is it lo, and, restored; is money My brethren, his unto said he And
mouth. sack's his in was it behold, for, money; his espied he inn, the in provender ass his give to sack his opened them of one as And
thence. departed and corn, the with asses their laded they And
them. unto he did thus and way: the for provision them give to and sack, his into money man's every restore to and corn, with sacks their fill to commanded Joseph Then
eyes. their before him bound and Simeon, them from took and them, with communed and again, them to returned and wept; and them, from about himself turned he And
interpreter. an by them unto spake he for them; understood Joseph that not knew they And
required. is blood his also behold, therefore, hear? not would ye and child; the against sin not Do saying, you, unto not I Spake saying, them, answered Reuben And
us. upon come distress this is therefore hear; not would we and us, besought he when soul, his of anguish the saw we that in brother, our concerning guilty verily are We another, to one said they And
so. did they And die. not shall ye and verified, be words your shall so me; unto brother youngest your bring But
houses: your of famine the for corn carry ye, go prison: your of house the in bound be brethren your of one let men, true be ye If
God: fear I for live; and do, This day, third the them unto said Joseph And
days. three ward into together all them put he And
spies. are ye surely Pharaoh of life the by else or you: in truth any be there whether proved, be may words your that prison, in kept be shall ye and brother, your fetch him let and you, of one Send
hither. come brother youngest your except hence, forth go not shall ye Pharaoh of life the By proved: be shall ye Hereby
spies: are Ye saying, you, unto spake I that it is That them, unto said Joseph And
not. is one and father, our with day this is youngest the behold, and, Canaan; of land the in man one of sons the brethren, twelve are servants Thy said, they And
come. are ye land the of nakedness the see to but Nay, them, unto said he And
spies. no are servants thy men, true are we sons; man's one all are We
come. servants thy are food buy to but lord, my Nay, him, unto said they And
come. are ye land the of nakedness the see to spies; are Ye them, unto said and them, of dreamed he which dreams the remembered Joseph And
him. not knew they but brethren, his knew Joseph And
food. buy to Canaan of land the From said, they And ye? come Whence them, unto said he and them; unto roughly spake and them, unto strange himself made but them, knew he and brethren, his saw Joseph And
earth. the to faces their with him before themselves down bowed and came, brethren Joseph's and land: the of people the all to sold that was it he and land, the over governor the was Joseph And
Canaan. of land the in was famine the for came: that those among corn buy to came Israel of sons the And
him. befall mischief peradventure Lest said, he for brethren; his with not sent Jacob brother, Joseph's Benjamin, But
Egypt. in corn buy to down went brethren ten Joseph's And
die. not and live, may we that thence; from us for buy and thither, down you get Egypt: in corn is there that heard have I Behold, said, he And
another? upon one look ye do Why sons, his unto said Jacob Egypt, in corn was there that saw Jacob when Now
lands. all in sore so was famine the that because corn; buy to for Joseph to Egypt into came countries all And
Egypt. of land the in sore waxed famine the and Egyptians; the unto sold and storehouses, the all opened Joseph and earth: the of face the all over was famine the And
do. you, to saith he what Joseph; unto Go Egyptians, the all unto said Pharaoh and bread: for Pharaoh to cried people the famished, was Egypt of land the all when And
bread. was there Egypt of land the all in but lands; all in was dearth the and said: had Joseph as according come, to began dearth of years seven the And
ended. were Egypt, of land the in was that plenteousness, of years seven the And
affliction. my of land the in fruitful be to me caused hath God For Ephraim: he called second the of name the And
house. father's my all and toil, my all forget me made hath he, said God, For Manasseh: firstborn the of name the called Joseph And
him. unto bare On of priest Potipherah of daughter the Asenath which came, famine of years the before sons two born were Joseph unto And
number. without was it for numbering; left he until much, very sea, the of sand the as corn gathered Joseph And
same. the in up he laid city, every about round was which field, the of food the cities: the in food the up laid and Egypt, of land the in were which years, seven the of food the all up gathered he And
handfuls. by forth brought earth the years plenteous seven the in And
Egypt. of land the all throughout went and Pharaoh, of presence the from out went Joseph And Egypt. of king Pharaoh before stood he when old years thirty was Joseph And
Egypt. of land the all over out went Joseph And On. of priest Potipherah of daughter the Asenath wife to him gave he and Zaphnathpaaneah; name Joseph's called Pharaoh And
Egypt. of land the all in foot or hand his up lift man no shall thee without and Pharaoh, am I Joseph, unto said Pharaoh And
Egypt. of land the all over ruler him made he and knee: the Bow him, before cried they and had; he which chariot second the in ride to him made he And
neck; his about chain gold a put and linen, fine of vestures in him arrayed and hand, Joseph's upon it put and hand, his from ring his off took Pharaoh And
Egypt. of land the all over thee set have I See, Joseph, unto said Pharaoh And
thou. than greater be I will throne the in only ruled: be people my all shall word thy unto according and house, my over be shalt Thou
art: thou as wise and discreet so none is there this, all thee shewed hath God as Forasmuch Joseph, unto said Pharaoh And
is? God of Spirit the whom in man a is, this as one a such find we Can servants, his unto said Pharaoh And
servants. his all of eyes the in and Pharaoh, of eyes the in good was thing the And
famine. the through not perish land the that Egypt; of land the in be shall which famine, of years seven the against land the to store for be shall food that And
cities. the in food keep them let and Pharaoh, of hand the under corn up lay and come, that years good those of food the all gather them let And
years. plenteous seven the in Egypt of land the of part fifth the up take and land, the over officers appoint him let and this, do Pharaoh Let
Egypt. of land the over him set and wise, and discreet man a out look Pharaoh let therefore Now
pass. to it bring shortly will God and God, by established is thing the because is it twice; Pharaoh unto doubled was dream the that for And
grievous. very be shall it for following; famine that of reason by land the in known be not shall plenty the And
land; the consume shall famine the and Egypt; of land the in forgotten be shall plenty the all and famine; of years seven them after arise shall there And
Egypt: of land the all throughout plenty great of years seven come there Behold,
Pharaoh. unto sheweth he do to about is God What Pharaoh: unto spoken have I which thing the is This
famine. of years seven be shall wind east the with blasted ears empty seven the and years; seven are them after up came that kine favoured ill and thin seven the And
one. is dream the years: seven are ears good seven the and years; seven are kine good seven The
do. to about is he what Pharaoh shewed hath God one: is Pharaoh of dream The Pharaoh, unto said Joseph And
me. to it declare could that none was there but magicians; the unto this told I and ears: good seven the devoured ears thin the And
them: after up sprung wind, east the with blasted and thin, withered, ears, seven behold, And,
good: and full stalk, one in up came ears seven behold, and, dream, my in saw I And
awoke. I So beginning. the at as favoured, ill still were they but them; eaten had they that known be not could it up, them eaten had they when And
kine: fat seven first the up eat did kine favoured ill the and lean the And
badness: for Egypt of land the all in saw never I as such leanfleshed, and favoured ill very and poor them, after up came kine other seven behold, And,
meadow: a in fed they and favoured; well and fatfleshed kine, seven river the of out up came there behold, And,
river: the of bank the upon stood I behold, dream, my In Joseph, unto said Pharaoh And
peace. of answer an Pharaoh give shall God me: in not is It saying, Pharaoh, answered Joseph And
it. interpret to dream a understand canst thou that thee, of say heard have I and it: interpret can that none is there and dream, a dreamed have I Joseph, unto said Pharaoh And
Pharaoh. unto in came and raiment, his changed and himself, shaved he and dungeon: the of out hastily him brought they and Joseph, called and sent Pharaoh Then
hanged. he him and office, mine unto restored he me was; it so us, to interpreted he as pass, to came it And
interpret. did he dream his to according man each to dreams; our us to interpreted he and him, told we and guard; the of captain the to servant Hebrew, an man, young a us with there was there And
dream. his of interpretation the to according man each dreamed we he; and I night, one in dream a dreamed we And
baker: chief the and me both house, guard's the of captain the in ward in me put and servants, his with wroth was Pharaoh
day: this faults my remember do I saying, Pharaoh, unto butler chief the spake Then
Pharaoh. unto them interpret could that none was there but dream; his them told Pharaoh and thereof: men wise the all and Egypt, of magicians the all for called and sent he and troubled; was spirit his that morning the in pass to came it And
dream. a was it behold, and, awoke, Pharaoh And ears. full and rank seven the devoured ears thin seven the And
them. after up sprung wind east the with blasted and ears thin seven behold, And,
good. and rank stalk, one upon up came corn of ears seven behold, and, time: second the dreamed and slept he And
awoke. Pharaoh So kine. fat and favoured well seven the up eat did kine leanfleshed and favoured ill the And
river. the of brink the upon kine other the by stood and leanfleshed; and favoured ill river, the of out them after up came kine other seven behold, And,
meadow. a in fed they and fatfleshed; and kine favoured well seven river the of out up came there behold, And,
river. the by stood he behold, and, dreamed: Pharaoh that years, full two of end the at pass to came it And
him. forgat but Joseph, remember butler chief the not did Yet
them. to interpreted had Joseph as baker: chief the hanged he But
hand: Pharaoh's into cup the gave he and again; butlership his unto butler chief the restored he And
servants. his among baker chief the of and butler chief the of head the up lifted he and servants: his all unto feast a made he that birthday, Pharaoh's was which day, third the pass to came it And
thee. off from flesh thy eat shall birds the and tree; a on thee hang shall and thee, off from head thy up lift Pharaoh shall days three within Yet
days: three are baskets three The thereof: interpretation the is This said, and answered Joseph And
head. my upon basket the of out them eat did birds the and Pharaoh; for bakemeats of manner all of was there basket uppermost the in And
head: my on baskets white three had I behold, and, dream, my in was also I Joseph, unto said he good, was interpretation the that saw baker chief the When
dungeon. the into me put should they that nothing done I have also here and Hebrews: the of land the of out away stolen was I indeed For
house: this of out me bring and Pharaoh, unto me of mention make and me, unto thee, pray I kindness, shew and thee, with well be shall it when me on think But
butler. his wast thou when manner former the after hand, his into cup Pharaoh's deliver shalt thou and place: thy unto thee restore and head, thine up lift Pharaoh shall days three within Yet
days: three are branches three The it: of interpretation the is This him, unto said Joseph And
hand. Pharaoh's into cup the gave I and cup, Pharaoh's into them pressed and grapes, the took I and hand: my in was cup Pharaoh's And
grapes: ripe forth brought thereof clusters the and forth; shot blossoms her and budded, it though as was it and branches: three were vine the in And
me; before was vine a behold, dream, my In him, to said and Joseph, to dream his told butler chief the And
you. pray I them, me tell God? to belong interpretations not Do them, unto said Joseph And it. of interpreter no is there and dream, a dreamed have We him, unto said they And
day? to sadly so ye look Wherefore saying, house, lord's his of ward the in him with were that officers Pharaoh's asked he And
sad. were they behold, and, them, upon looked and morning, the in them unto in came Joseph And
prison. the in bound were which Egypt, of king the of baker the and butler the dream, his of interpretation the to according man each night, one in dream his man each them, of both dream a dreamed they And
ward. in season a continued they and them: served he and them, with Joseph charged guard the of captain the And
bound. was Joseph where place the prison, the into guard, the of captain the of house the in ward in them put he And
bakers. the of chief the against and butlers, the of chief the against officers, his of two against wroth was Pharaoh And
Egypt. of king the lord their offended had baker his and Egypt of king the of butler the that things, these after pass to came it And
prosper. to it made Lord the did, he which that and him, with was Lord the because hand; his under was that thing any to not looked prison the of keeper The
it. of doer the was he there, did they whatsoever and prison; the in were that prisoners the all hand Joseph's to committed prison the of keeper the And
prison. the of keeper the of sight the in favour him gave and mercy, him shewed and Joseph, with was Lord the But
prison. the in there was he and bound: were prisoners king's the where place a prison, the into him put and him, took master Joseph's And
kindled. was wrath his that me; to servant thy did manner this After saying, him, unto spake she which wife, his of words the heard master his when pass, to came it And
out. fled and me, with garment his left he that cried, and voice my up lifted I as pass, to came it And
me: mock to me unto in came us, unto brought hast thou which servant, Hebrew The saying, words, these to according him unto spake she And
home. came lord his until her, by garment his up laid she And
out. him got and fled, and me, with garment his left he that cried, and voice my up lifted I that heard he when pass, to came it And
voice: loud a with cried I and me, with lie to me unto in came he us; mock to us unto Hebrew an in brought hath he See, saying, them, unto spake and house, her of men the unto called she That
forth, fled was and hand, her in garment his left had he that saw she when pass, to came it And
out. him got and fled, and hand, her in garment his left he and me: with Lie saying, garment, his by him caught she And
within. there house the of men the of none was there and business; his do to house the into went Joseph that time, this about pass to came it And
her. with be to or her, by lie to her, unto not hearkened he that day, by day Joseph to spake she as pass, to came it And
God? against sin and wickedness, great this do I can then how wife: his art thou because thee, but me from thing any back kept he hath neither I; than house this in greater none is There
hand; my to hath he that all committed hath he and house, the in me with is what not wotteth master my Behold, wife, master's his unto said and refused, he But
me. with Lie said, she and Joseph; upon eyes her cast wife master's his that things, these after pass to came it And
favoured. well and person, goodly a was Joseph And eat. did he which bread the save had, he ought not knew he and hand; Joseph's in had he that all left he And
field. the in and house, the in had he that all upon was Lord the of blessing the and sake; Joseph's for house Egyptian's the blessed Lord the that had, he that all over and house, his in overseer him made had he that time the from pass to came it And
hand. his into put he had he that all and house, his over overseer him made he and him: served he and sight, his in grace found Joseph And
hand. his in prosper to did he that all made Lord the that and him, with was Lord the that saw master his And
Egyptian. the master his of house the in was he and man; prosperous a was he and Joseph, with was Lord the And
thither. down him brought had which Ishmeelites, the of hands the of him bought Egyptian, an guard, the of captain Pharaoh, of officer an Potiphar, and Egypt; to down brought was Joseph And
Zarah. called was name his and hand: his upon thread scarlet the had that brother, his out came afterward And
Pharez. called was name his therefore thee: upon be breach this forth? broken thou hast How said, she and out: came brother his behold, that, hand, his back drew he as pass, to came it And
first. out came This saying, thread, scarlet a hand his upon bound and took midwife the and hand: his out put one the that travailed, she when pass, to came it And
womb. her in were twins behold, that, travail, her of time the in pass to came it And
more. no again her knew he And son. my Shelah to not her gave I that because I; than righteous more been hath She said, and them, acknowledged Judah And
staff. and bracelets, and signet, the these, are whose thee, pray I Discern, said, she and child: with I am are, these whose man, the By saying, law, in father her to sent she forth, brought was she When
burnt. be her let and forth, her Bring said, Judah And whoredom. by child with is she behold, also, and harlot; the played hath law in daughter thy Tamar saying, Judah, told was it that after, months three about pass to came it And
her. found not hast thou and kid, this sent I behold, shamed: be we lest her, to it take her Let said, Judah And
place. this in harlot no was there that said, place the of men the also and her; find cannot I said, and Judah, to returned he And
place. this in harlot no was There said, they And side? way the by openly was that harlot, the is Where saying, place, that of men the asked he Then
not. her found he but hand: woman's the from pledge his receive to Adullamite, the friend his of hand the by kid the sent Judah And
widowhood. her of garments the on put and her, from vail her by laid and away, went and arose, she And
him. by conceived she and her, unto in came and her, it gave he And hand. thine in is that staff thy and bracelets, thy and signet, Thy said, she And thee? give I shall pledge What said, he And
it? send thou till pledge, a me give thou Wilt said, she And flock. the from kid a thee send will I said, he And
me? unto in come mayest thou that me, give thou wilt What said, she And law.) in daughter his was she that not knew he (for thee; unto in come me let thee, pray I to, Go said, and way, the by her unto turned he And
face. her covered had she because harlot; an be to her thought he her, saw Judah When
wife. to him unto given not was she and grown, was Shelah that saw she for Timnath; to way the by is which place, open an in sat and herself, wrapped and vail, a with her covered and her, from off garments widow's her put she And
sheep. his shear to Timnath to up goeth law in father thy Behold saying, Tamar, told was it And
Adullamite. the Hirah friend his and he Timnath, to sheepshearers his unto up went and comforted, was Judah and died; wife Judah's Shuah of daughter the time of process in And
house. father's her in dwelt and went Tamar And did. brethren his as also, die he peradventure Lest said, he for grown: be son my Shelah till house, father's thy at widow a Remain law, in daughter his Tamar to Judah said Then
also. him slew he wherefore : Lord the displeased did he which thing the And
brother. his to seed give should he that lest ground, the on it spilled he that wife, brother's his unto in went he when pass, to came it and his; be not should seed the that knew Onan And
brother. thy to seed up raise and her, marry and wife, brother's thy unto in Go Onan, unto said Judah And
him. slew Lord the and ; Lord the of sight the in wicked was firstborn, Judah's Er, And
Tamar. was name whose firstborn, his Er for wife a took Judah And
him. bare she when Chezib, at was he and Shelah: name his called and son; a bare and conceived, again yet she And
Onan. name his called she and son; a bare and again, conceived she And
Er. name his called he and son; a bare and conceived, she And
her. unto in went and her, took he and Shuah; was name whose Canaanite, certain a of daughter a there saw Judah And
Hirah. was name whose Adullamite, certain a to in turned and brethren, his from down went Judah that time, that at pass to came it And
guard. the of captain and Pharaoh's, of officer an Potiphar, unto Egypt into him sold Midianites the And
him. for wept father his Thus mourning. son my unto grave the into down go will I For said, he and comforted; be to refused he but him; comfort to up rose daughters his all and sons his all And
days. many son his for mourned and loins, his upon sackcloth put and clothes, his rent Jacob And
pieces. in rent doubt without is Joseph him; devoured hath beast evil an coat; son's my is It said, and it, knew he And
no. or coat son's thy be it whether now know found: we have This said, and father; their to it brought they and colours, many of coat the sent they And
blood; the in coat the dipped and goats, the of kid a killed and coat, Joseph's took they And
go? I shall whither I, and not; is child The said, and brethren, his unto returned he And
clothes. his rent he and pit; the in not was Joseph behold, and, pit; the unto returned Reuben And
Egypt. into Joseph brought they and silver: of pieces twenty for Ishmeelites the to Joseph sold and pit, the of out Joseph up lifted and drew they and merchantmen; Midianites by passed there Then
content. were brethren his And flesh. our and brother our is he for him; upon be hand our not let and Ishmeelites, the to him sell us let and Come,
blood? his conceal and brother, our slay we if it is profit What brethren, his unto said Judah And
Egypt. to down it carry to going myrrh, and balm and spicery bearing camels their with Gilead from came Ishmeelites of company a behold, and, looked, and eyes their up lifted they and bread: eat to down sat they And
it. in water no was there empty, was pit the and pit: a into him cast and him, took they And
him; on was that colours many of coat his coat, his of out Joseph stript they that brethren, his unto come was Joseph when pass, to came it And
again. father his to him deliver to hands, their of out him rid might he that him; upon hand no lay and wilderness, the in is that pit this into him cast but blood, no Shed them, unto said Reuben And
him. kill not us Let said, and hands; their of out him delivered he and it, heard Reuben And
dreams. his of become will what see shall we and him: devoured hath beast evil Some say, will we and pit, some into him cast and him, slay us let and therefore, now Come
cometh. dreamer this Behold, another, to one said they And
him. slay to him against conspired they them, unto near came he before even off, afar him saw they when And
Dothan. in them found and brethren, his after went Joseph And Dothan. to go us Let say, them heard I for hence; departed are They said, man the And
flocks. their feed they where thee, pray I me, tell brethren: my seek I said, he And
thou? seekest What saying, him, asked man the and field: the in wandering was he behold, and, him, found man certain a And
Shechem. to came he and Hebron, of vale the of out him sent he So again. word me bring and flocks; the with well and brethren, thy with well be it whether see thee, pray I Go, him, to said he And
I. am Here him, to said he And them. unto thee send will I and come, Shechem? in flock the feed brethren thy not Do Joseph, unto said Israel And
Shechem. in flock father's their feed to went brethren his And
saying. the observed father his but him; envied brethren his And
earth? the to thee to ourselves down bow to come indeed brethren thy and mother thy and I Shall dreamed? hast thou that dream this is What him, unto said and him, rebuked father his and brethren: his to and father, his to it told he And
me. to obeisance made stars eleven the and moon the and sun the behold, and, more; dream a dreamed have I Behold, said, and brethren, his it told and dream, another yet dreamed he And
words. his for and dreams, his for more the yet him hated they And us? over dominion have indeed thou shalt or us? over reign indeed thou Shalt him, to said brethren his And
sheaf. my to obeisance made and about, round stood sheaves your behold, and, upright; stood also and arose, sheaf my lo, and, field, the in sheaves binding were we behold, For,
dreamed: have I which dream this you, pray I Hear, them, unto said he And
more. the yet him hated they and brethren: his it told he and dream, a dreamed Joseph And
him. unto peaceably speak not could and him, hated they brethren, his all than more him loved father their that saw brethren his when And
colours. many of coat a him made he and age: old his of son the was he because children, his all than more Joseph loved Israel Now
report. evil their father his unto brought Joseph and wives: father's his Zilpah, of sons the with and Bilhah, of sons the with was lad the and brethren; his with flock the feeding was old, years seventeen being Joseph, Jacob. of generations the are These
Canaan. of land the in stranger, a was father his wherein land the in dwelt Jacob And
Edomites. the of father the Esau is he possession: their of land the in habitations their to according Edom, of dukes the be these Iram: duke Magdiel, Duke
Mibzar, duke Teman, duke Kenaz, Duke
Pinon, duke Elah, duke Aholibamah, Duke
Jetheth, duke Alvah, duke Timnah, duke names; their by places, their after families, their to according Esau, of came that dukes the of names the are these And
Mezahab. of daughter the Matred, of daughter the Mehetabel, was name wife's his and Pau; was city his of name the and stead: his in reigned Hadar and died, Achbor of son the Baalhanan And
stead. his in reigned Achbor of son the Baalhanan and died, Saul And
stead. his in reigned river the by Rehoboth of Saul and died, Samlah And
stead. his in reigned Masrekah of Samlah and died, Hadad And
Avith. was city his of name the and stead: his in reigned Moab, of field the in Midian smote who Bedad, of son the Hadad and died, Husham And
stead. his in reigned Temani of land the of Husham and died, Jobab And
stead. his in reigned Bozrah of Zerah of son the Jobab and died, Bela And
Dinhabah. was city his of name the and Edom: in reigned Beor of son the Bela And
Israel. of children the over king any reigned there before Edom, of land the in reigned that kings the are these And
Seir. of land the in dukes their among Hori, of came that dukes the are these Dishan: duke Ezer, duke Dishon, Duke
Anah, duke Zibeon, duke Shobal, duke Lotan, duke Horites; the of came that dukes the are These
Aran. and Uz, these; are Dishan of children The
Akan. and Zaavan, and Bilhan, these; are Ezer of children The
Cheran. and Ithran, and Eshban, and Hemdan, Dishon; of children the are these And
Anah. of daughter the Aholibamah and Dishon, these; were Anah of children the And
father. his Zibeon of asses the fed he as wilderness, the in mules the found that Anah that was this Anah: and Ajah, both Zibeon; of children the are these And
Onam. and Shepho, Ebal, and Manahath, and Alvan, these; were Shobal of children the And
Timna. was sister Lotan's and Hemam; and Hori were Lotan of children the And
Edom. of land the in Seir of children the Horites, the of dukes the are these Dishan: and Ezer, and Dishon, And
Anah, and Zibeon, and Shobal, and Lotan, land; the inhabited who Horite, the Seir of sons the are These
dukes. their are these and Edom, is who Esau, of sons the are These
wife. Esau's Anah, of daughter the Aholibamah of came that dukes the were these Korah: duke Jaalam, duke Jeush, duke wife; Esau's Aholibamah of sons the are these And
wife. Esau's Bashemath of sons the are these Edom; of land the in Reuel of came that dukes the are these Mizzah: duke Shammah, duke Zerah, duke Nahath, duke son; Esau's Reuel of sons the are these And
Adah. of sons the were these Edom; of land the in Eliphaz of came that dukes the are these Amalek: duke and Gatam, duke Korah, Duke
Kenaz, duke Zepho, duke Omar, duke Teman, duke Esau; of son firstborn the Eliphaz of sons the Esau: of sons the of dukes were These
Korah. and Jaalam, and Jeush, Esau to bare she and wife: Esau's Zibeon, of daughter the Anah of daughter the Aholibamah, of sons the were these And
wife. Esau's Bashemath of sons the were these Mizzah: and Shammah, Zerah, and Nahath, Reuel; of sons the are these And
wife. Esau's Adah of sons the were these Amalek: Eliphaz to bare she and son; Esau's Eliphaz to concubine was Timna And
Kenaz. and Gatam, and Zepho, Omar, Teman, were Eliphaz of sons the And
Esau. of wife the Bashemath of son the Reuel Esau, of wife the Adah of son the Eliphaz sons; Esau's of names the are These
Seir: mount in Edomites the of father the Esau of generations the are these And
Edom. is Esau Seir: mount in Esau dwelt Thus
cattle. their of because them bear not could strangers were they wherein land the and together; dwell might they that than more were riches their For
Jacob. brother his of face the from country the into went and Canaan; of land the in got had he which substance, his all and beasts, his all and cattle, his and house, his of persons the all and daughters, his and sons, his and wives, his took Esau And
Canaan. of land the in him unto born were which Esau, of sons the are these Korah: and Jaalam, and Jeush, bare Aholibamah And
Reuel; bare Bashemath and Eliphaz; Esau to bare Adah And
Nebajoth. of sister daughter, Ishmael's Bashemath And
Hivite; the Zibeon of daughter the Anah of daughter the Aholibamah and Hittite, the Elon of daughter the Adah Canaan; of daughters the of wives his took Esau
Edom. is who Esau, of generations the are these Now
him. buried Jacob and Esau sons his and days: of full and old being people, his unto gathered was and died, and ghost, the up gave Isaac And
years. fourscore and hundred an were Isaac of days the And
sojourned. Isaac and Abraham where Hebron, is which Arbah, of city the unto Mamre, unto father his Isaac unto came Jacob And
Padanaram. in him to born were which Jacob, of sons the are these Asher: and Gad, handmaid: Leah's Zilpah, of sons the And
Naphtali: and Dan, handmaid; Rachel's Bilhah, of sons the And
Benjamin: and Joseph, Rachel; of sons The
Zebulun: and Issachar, and Judah, and Levi, and Simeon, and firstborn, Jacob's Reuben, Leah; of sons The
twelve: were Jacob of sons the Now it. heard Israel and concubine: father's his Bilhah with lay and went Reuben that land, that in dwelt Israel when pass, to came it And
Edar. of tower the beyond tent his spread and journeyed, Israel And
day. this unto grave Rachel's of pillar the is that grave: her upon pillar a set Jacob And
Bethlehem. is which Ephrath, to way the in buried was and died, Rachel And
Benjamin. him called father his but Benoni: name his called she that died) she (for departing, in was soul her as pass, to came it And
also. son this have shalt thou not; Fear her, unto said midwife the that labour, hard in was she when pass, to came it And
labour. hard had she and travailed, Rachel and Ephrath: to come to way little a but was there and Bethel; from journeyed they And
Bethel. him, with spake God where place the of name the called Jacob And
thereon. oil poured he and thereon, offering drink a poured he and stone: of pillar a even him, with talked he where place the in pillar a up set Jacob And
him. with talked he where place the in him from up went God And
land. the give I will thee after seed thy to and it, give will I thee to Isaac, and Abraham gave I which land the And
loins; thy of out come shall kings and thee, of be shall nations of company a and nation a multiply; and fruitful be Almighty: God am I him, unto said God And
Israel. name his called he and name: thy be shall Israel but Jacob, more any called be not shall name thy Jacob: is name Thy him, unto said God And
him. blessed and Padanaram, of out came he when again, Jacob unto appeared God And
Allonbachuth. called was it of name the and oak: an under Bethel beneath buried was she and died, nurse Rebekah's Deborah, But
brother. his of face the from fled he when him, unto appeared God there because Elbethel: place the called and altar, an there built he And
him. with were that people the all and he Bethel, is, that Canaan, of land the in is which Luz, to came Jacob So
Jacob. of sons the after pursue not did they and them, about round were that cities the upon was God of terror the and journeyed: they And
Shechem. by was which oak the under them hid Jacob and ears; their in were which earrings their all and hand, their in were which gods strange the all Jacob unto gave they And
went. I which way the in me with was and distress, my of day the in me answered who God, unto altar an there make will I and Bethel; to up go and arise, us let And
garments: your change and clean, be and you, among are that gods strange the away Put him, with were that all to and household, his unto said Jacob Then
brother. thy Esau of face the from fleddest thou when thee unto appeared that God, unto altar an there make and there: dwell and Bethel, to up go Arise, Jacob, unto said God And
harlot? an with as sister our with deal he Should said, they And
house. my and I destroyed, be shall I and me; slay and me, against together themselves gather shall they number, in few being I and Perizzites: the and Canaanites the among land, the of inhabitants the among stink to me make to me troubled have Ye Levi, and Simeon to said Jacob And
house. the in was that all even spoiled and captive, they took wives their and ones, little their all and wealth, their all And
field, the in was which that and city, the in was which that and asses, their and oxen, their and sheep, their took They
sister. their defiled had they because city, the spoiled and slain, the upon came Jacob of sons The
out. went and house, Shechem's of out Dinah took and sword, the of edge the with son his Shechem and Hamor slew they And
males. the all slew and boldly, city the upon came and sword, his man each took brethren, Dinah's Levi, and Simeon Jacob, of sons the of two that sore, were they when day, third the on pass to came it And
city. his of gate the of out went that all circumcised, was male every and city; his of gate the of out went that all hearkened son his Shechem unto and Hamor unto And
us. with dwell will they and them, unto consent us let only our's? be their's of beast every and substance their and cattle their not Shall
circumcised. are they as circumcised, be us among male every if people, one be to us, with dwell to for us unto consent men the will herein Only
daughters. our them give us let and wives, for us to daughters their take us let them; for enough large is it behold, land, the for therein; trade and land, the in dwell them let therefore us; with peaceable are men These
saying, city, their of men the with communed and city, their of gate the unto came son his Shechem and Hamor And
father. his of house the all than honourable more was he and daughter: Jacob's in delight had he because thing, the do to not deferred man young the And
son. Hamor's Shechem and Hamor, pleased words their And
gone. be will we and daughter, our take we will then circumcised; be to us, unto hearken not will ye if But
people. one become will we and you, with dwell will we and us, to daughters your take will we and you, unto daughters our give we will Then
circumcised; be you of male every that be, we as be will ye If you: unto consent we will this in But
us: unto reproach a were that for uncircumcised; is that one to sister our give to thing, this do cannot We them, unto said they And
sister: their Dinah defiled had he because said, and deceitfully, father his Hamor and Shechem answered Jacob of sons the And
wife. to damsel the me give but me: unto say shall ye as according give will I and gift, and dowry much so never me Ask
give. will I me unto say shall ye what and eyes, your in grace find me Let brethren, her unto and father her unto said Shechem And
therein. possessions you get and therein, ye trade and dwell you; before be shall land the and us: with dwell shall ye And
you. unto daughters our take and us, unto daughters your give and us, with marriages ye make And
wife. to him her give you pray I daughter: your for longeth Shechem son my of soul The saying, them, with communed Hamor And
done. be to not ought thing which daughter: Jacob's with lying in Israel in folly wrought had he because wroth, very were they and grieved, were men the and it: heard they when field the of out came Jacob of sons the And
him. with commune to Jacob unto out went Shechem of father the Hamor And
come. were they until peace his held Jacob and field: the in cattle his with were sons his now daughter: his Dinah defiled had he that heard Jacob And
wife. to damsel this me Get saying, Hamor, father his unto spake Shechem And
damsel. the unto kindly spake and damsel, the loved he and Jacob, of daughter the Dinah unto clave soul his And
her. defiled and her, with lay and her, took he her, saw country, the of prince Hivite, the Hamor of son the Shechem when And
land. the of daughters the see to out went Jacob, unto bare she which Leah, of daughter the Dinah And
EleloheIsrael. it called and altar, an there erected he And
money. of pieces hundred an for father, Shechem's Hamor, of children the of hand the at tent, his spread had he where field, a of parcel a bought he And
city. the before tent his pitched and Padanaram; from came he when Canaan, of land the in is which Shechem, of city a Shalem, to came Jacob And
Succoth. called is place the of name the therefore cattle: his for booths made and house, an him built and Succoth, to journeyed Jacob And
Seir. unto way his on day that returned Esau So
lord. my of sight the in grace find me let it? needeth What said, he And me. with are that folk the of some thee with leave now me Let said, Esau And
Seir. unto lord my unto come I until endure, to able be children the and me before goeth that cattle the as according softly, on lead will I and servant: his before over pass thee, pray I lord, my Let
die. will flock the all day, one them overdrive should men if and me: with are young with herds and flocks the and tender, are children the that knoweth lord My him, unto said he And
thee. before go will I and go, us let and journey, our take us Let said, he And
it. took he and him, urged he And enough. have I because and me, with graciously dealt hath God because thee; to brought is that blessing my thee, pray I Take,
me. with pleased wast thou and God, of face the seen had I though as face, thy seen have I therefore for hand: my at present my receive then sight, thy in grace found have I now if thee, pray I Nay, said, Jacob And
thyself. unto hast thou that keep brother; my enough, have I said, Esau And
lord. my of sight the in grace find to are These said, he And met? I which drove this all by thou meanest What said, he And
themselves. bowed they and Rachel, and near Joseph came after and themselves: bowed and near, came children her with also Leah And
themselves. bowed they and children, their and they near, came handmaidens the Then
servant. thy given graciously hath God which children The said, he And thee? with those are Who said, and children; the and women the saw and eyes, his up lifted he And
wept. they and him: kissed and neck, his on fell and him, embraced and him, meet to ran Esau And
brother. his to near came he until times, seven ground the to himself bowed and them, before over passed he And
hindermost. Joseph and Rachel and after, children her and Leah and foremost, children their and handmaids the put he And
handmaids. two the unto and Rachel, unto and Leah, unto children the divided he And men. hundred four him with and came, Esau behold, and, looked, and eyes, his up lifted Jacob And
shrank. that sinew the in thigh Jacob's of hollow the touched he because day: this unto thigh, the of hollow the upon is which shrank, which sinew the of not eat Israel of children the Therefore
thigh. his upon halted he and him, upon rose sun the Penuel over passed he as And
preserved. is life my and face, to face God seen have I for Peniel: place the of name the called Jacob And
there. him blessed he And name? my after ask dost thou that it is Wherefore said, he And name. thy thee, pray I me, Tell said, and him, asked Jacob And
prevailed. hast and men, with and God with power thou hast prince a as for Israel: but Jacob, more no called be shall name Thy said, he And
Jacob. said, he And name? thy is What him, unto said he And
me. bless thou except go, thee let not will I said, he And breaketh. day the for go, me Let said, he And
him. with wrestled he as joint, of out was thigh Jacob's of hollow the and thigh; his of hollow the touched he him, against not prevailed he that saw he when And
day. the of breaking the until him with man a wrestled there and alone; left was Jacob And
had. he that over sent and brook, the over them sent and them, took he And
Jabbok. ford the over passed and sons, eleven his and womenservants, two his and wives, two his took and night, that up rose he And
company. the in night that lodged himself and him: before over present the went So
me. of accept will he peradventure face; his see will I afterward and me, before goeth that present the with him appease will I said, he For us. behind is Jacob servant thy Behold, moreover, ye say And
him. find ye when Esau, unto speak ye shall manner this On saying, droves, the followed that all and third, the and second, the he commanded so And
us. behind is he also behold, and, Esau: lord my unto sent present a is it Jacob's; servant thy be They say, shalt thou Then
thee? before these are whose and thou? goest whither and thou? art Whose saying, thee, asketh and thee, meeteth brother my Esau When saying, foremost, the commanded he And
drove. and drove betwixt space a put and me, before over Pass servants, his unto said and themselves; by drove every servants, his of hand the into them delivered he And
foals. ten and asses, she twenty bulls, ten and kine, forty colts, their with camels milch Thirty
rams, twenty and ewes, hundred two goats, he twenty and goats, she hundred Two
brother; his Esau for present a hand his to came which that of took and night; same that there lodged he And
multitude. for numbered be cannot which sea, the of sand the as seed thy make and good, thee do surely will I saidst, thou And
children. the with mother the and me, smite and come will he lest him, fear I for Esau: of hand the from brother, my of hand the from thee, pray I me, Deliver
bands. two become am I now and Jordan; this over passed I staff my with for servant; thy unto shewed hast thou which truth, the all of and mercies, the all of least the of worthy not am I
thee: with well deal will I and kindred, thy to and country, thy unto Return me, unto saidst which Lord the Isaac, father my of God and Abraham, father my of God O said, Jacob And
escape. shall left is which company other the then it, smite and company, one the to come Esau If said, And
bands; two into camels, the and herds, and flocks, the and him, with was that people the divided he and distressed: and afraid greatly was Jacob Then
him. with men hundred four and thee, meet to cometh he also and Esau, brother thy to came We saying, Jacob, to returned messengers the And
sight. thy in grace find may I that lord, my tell to sent have I and womenservants: and menservants, and flocks, asses, and oxen, have I And
now: until there stayed and Laban, with sojourned have I thus, saith Jacob servant Thy Esau; lord my unto speak ye shall Thus saying, them, commanded he And
Edom. of country the Seir, of land the unto brother his Esau to him before messengers sent Jacob And
Mahanaim. place that of name the called he and host: God's is This said, he them, saw Jacob when And
him. met God of angels the and way, his on went Jacob And
place. his unto returned and departed, Laban and them: blessed and daughters, his and sons his kissed and up, rose Laban morning the in early And
mount. the in night all tarried and bread, eat did they and bread: eat to brethren his called and mount, the upon sacrifice offered Jacob Then
Isaac. father his of fear the by sware Jacob And us. betwixt judge father, their of God the Nahor, of God the and Abraham, of God The
harm. for me, unto pillar this and heap this over pass not shalt thou that and thee, to heap this over pass not will I that witness, be pillar this and witness, be heap This
thee: and me betwixt cast have I which pillar, this behold and heap, this Behold Jacob, to said Laban And
thee. and me betwixt witness is God see, us; with is man no daughters, my beside wives other take shalt thou if or daughters, my afflict shalt thou If
another. from one absent are we when thee, and me between watch Lord The said, he for Mizpah; And
Galeed; called it of name the was Therefore day. this thee and me between witness a is heap This said, Laban And
Galeed. it called Jacob but Jegarsahadutha: it called Laban And
heap. the upon there eat did they and heap: an made and stones, took they and stones; Gather brethren, his unto said Jacob And
pillar. a for up it set and stone, a took Jacob And
thee. and me between witness a for be it let and thou; and I covenant, a make us let thou, come therefore Now
born? have they which children their unto or daughters, my these unto day this do I can what and mine: is seest thou that all and cattle, my are cattle these and children, my are children these and daughters, my are daughters These Jacob, unto said and answered Laban And
yesternight. thee rebuked and hands, my of labour the and affliction mine seen hath God empty. now away me sent hadst thou surely me, with been had Isaac, of fear the and Abraham, of God the father, my of God the Except
times. ten wages my changed hast thou and cattle: thy for years six and daughters, two thy for years fourteen thee served I house; thy in years twenty been I have Thus
eyes. mine from departed sleep my and night; by frost the and me, consumed drought the day the in was; I Thus
night. by stolen or day, by stolen whether it, require thou didst hand my of it; of loss the bare I thee; unto not brought I beasts of torn was which That
eaten. not I have flock thy of rams the and young, their cast not have goats she thy and ewes thy thee; with been I have years twenty This
both. us betwixt judge may they that brethren, thy and brethren my before here it set stuff? household thy all of found thou hast what stuff, my all searched hast thou Whereas
me? after pursued hotly so hast thou that sin, my is what trespass? my is What Laban, to said and answered Jacob and Laban: with chode and wroth, was Jacob And
images. the not found but searched he And me. upon is women of custom the for thee; before up rise cannot I that lord my displease not it Let father, her to said she And
not. them found but tent, the all searched Laban And them. upon sat and furniture, camel's the in them put and images, the taken had Rachel Now
tent. Rachel's into entered and tent, Leah's of out he went Then not. them found he but tents; maidservants' two the into and tent, Leah's into and tent, Jacob's into went Laban And
them. stolen had Rachel that not knew Jacob For thee. to it take and me, with thine is what thou discern brethren our before live: not him let gods, thy findest thou whomsoever With
me. from daughters thy force by take wouldest thou Peradventure said, I for afraid: was I Because Laban, to said and answered Jacob And
gods? my stolen thou hast wherefore yet house, father's thy after longedst sore thou because gone, be needs wouldest thou though now, And
bad. or good either Jacob to not speak thou that heed thou Take saying, yesternight, me unto spake father your of God the but hurt: you do to hand my of power the in is It
doing. so in foolishly done now hast thou daughters? my and sons my kiss to me suffered not hast And
harp? with and tabret, with songs, with and mirth, with away thee sent have might I that me, tell not didst and me; from away steal and secretly, away flee thou didst Wherefore
sword? the with taken captives as daughters, my away carried and me, to unawares away stolen hast thou that done, thou hast What Jacob, to said Laban And
Gilead. of mount the in pitched brethren his with Laban and mount: the in tent his pitched had Jacob Now Jacob. overtook Laban Then
bad. or good either Jacob to not speak thou that heed Take him, unto said and night, by dream a in Syrian the Laban to came God And
Gilead. mount the in him overtook they and journey; days' seven him after pursued and him, with brethren his took he And
fled. was Jacob that day third the on Laban told was it And
Gilead. mount the toward face his set and river, the over passed and up, rose he and had; he that all with fled he So
fled. he that not him told he that in Syrian, the Laban to unawares away stole Jacob And
father's. her were that images the stolen had Rachel and sheep: his shear to went Laban And
Canaan. of land the in father his Isaac to go to for Padanaram, in gotten had he which getting, his of cattle the gotten, had he which goods his all and cattle, his all away carried he And
camels; upon wives his and sons his set and up, rose Jacob Then
do. thee, unto said hath God whatsoever then, now children's: our and ours, is that father, our from taken hath God which riches the all For
money. our also devoured quite hath and us, sold hath he for strangers? him of counted not we Are
house? father's our in us for inheritance or portion any yet there Is him, unto said and answered Leah and Rachel And
kindred. thy of land the unto return and land, this from out thee get arise, now me: unto vow a vowedst thou where and pillar, the anointedst thou where Bethel, of God the am I
thee. unto doeth Laban that all seen have I for grisled: and speckled, ringstraked, are cattle the upon leap which rams the all see, and eyes, thine now up Lift said, he And
I. am Here said, I And Jacob: saying, dream, a in me unto spake God of angel the And
grisled. and speckled, ringstraked, were cattle the upon leaped which rams the behold, and, dream, a in saw and eyes, mine up lifted I that conceived, cattle the that time the at pass to came it And
me. to them given and father, your of cattle the away taken hath God Thus
ringstraked. cattle the all bare then hire; thy be shall ringstraked The thus, said he if and speckled: bare cattle the all then wages; thy be shall speckled The thus, said he If
me. hurt to not him suffered God but times; ten wages my changed and me, deceived hath father your And
father. your served have I power my all with that know ye And
me. with been hath father my of God the but before; as me toward not is it that countenance, father's your see I them, unto said And
flock, his unto field the to Leah and Rachel called and sent Jacob And
thee. with be will I and kindred; thy to and fathers, thy of land the unto Return Jacob, unto said Lord the And
before. as him toward not was it behold, and, Laban, of countenance the beheld Jacob And
glory. this all gotten he hath father's our was which that of and father's; our was that all away taken hath Jacob saying, sons, Laban's of words the heard he And
asses. and camels, and menservants, and maidservants, and cattle, much had and exceedingly, increased man the And
Jacob's. stronger the and Laban's, were feebler the so in: not them put he feeble, were cattle the when But
rods. the among conceive might they that gutters, the in cattle the of eyes the before rods the laid Jacob that conceive, did cattle stronger the whensoever pass, to came it And
cattle. Laban's unto not them put and themselves, by flocks own his put he and Laban; of flock the in brown the all and ringstraked, the toward flocks the of faces the set and lambs, the separate did Jacob And
spotted. and speckled, ringstraked, cattle forth brought and rods, the before conceived flocks the And
drink. to came they when conceive should they that drink, to came flocks the when troughs watering the in gutters the in flocks the before pilled had he which rods the set he And
rods. the in was which appear white the made and them, in strakes white pilled and tree; chesnut and hazel the of and poplar, green of rods him took Jacob And
flocks. Laban's of rest the fed Jacob and Jacob: and himself betwixt journey days' three set he And
sons. his of hand the into them gave and sheep, the among brown the all and it, in white some had that one every and spotted, and speckled were that goats she the all and spotted, and ringstraked were that goats he the day that removed he And
word. thy to according be might it would I Behold, said, Laban And
me. with stolen counted be shall that sheep, the among brown and goats, the among spotted and speckled not is that one every face: thy before hire my for come shall it when come, to time in me for answer righteousness my shall So
hire. my be shall such of and goats: the among speckled and spotted the and sheep, the among cattle brown the all and cattle, spotted and speckled the all thence from removing day, to flock thy all through pass will I
flock. thy keep and feed again will I me, for thing this do wilt thou if thing: any me give not shalt Thou said, Jacob And thee? give I shall What said, he And
also? house own mine for provide I shall when now and coming: my since thee blessed hath Lord the and multitude; a unto increased now is it and came, I before hadst thou which little was it For
me. with was cattle thy how and thee, served have I how knowest Thou him, unto said he And
it. give will I and wages, thy me Appoint said, he And
sake. thy for me blessed hath Lord the that experience by learned have I for tarry: eyes, thine in favour found have I if thee, pray I him, unto said Laban And
thee. done have I which service my knowest thou for go: me let and thee, served have I whom for children, my and wives my me Give
country. my to and place, own mine unto go may I that away, me Send Laban, unto said Jacob that Joseph, born had Rachel when pass, to came it And
son. another me to add shall Lord The said, and Joseph; name his called she And
reproach: my away taken hath God said, and son; a bare and conceived, she And
womb. her opened and her, to hearkened God and Rachel, remembered God And
Dinah. name her called and daughter, a bare she afterwards And
Zebulun. name his called she and sons: six him born have I because me, with dwell husband my will now dowry; good a with me endued hath God said, Leah And
son. sixth the Jacob bare and again, conceived Leah And
Issachar. name his called she and husband: my to maiden my given have I because hire, my me given hath God said, Leah And
son. fifth the Jacob bare and conceived, she and Leah, unto hearkened God And
night. that her with lay he And mandrakes. son's my with thee hired have I surely for me; unto in come must Thou said, and him, meet to out went Leah and evening, the in field the of out came Jacob And
mandrakes. son's thy for night to thee with lie shall he Therefore said, Rachel And also? mandrakes son's my away take thou wouldest and husband? my taken hast thou that matter small a it Is her, unto said she And
mandrakes. son's thy of thee, pray I me, Give Leah, to said Rachel Then Leah. mother his unto them brought and field, the in mandrakes found and harvest, wheat of days the in went Reuben And
Asher. name his called she and blessed: me call will daughters the for I, am Happy said, Leah And
son. second a Jacob bare maid Leah's Zilpah And
Gad. name his called she and cometh: troop A said, Leah And
son. a Jacob bare maid Leah's Zilpah And
wife. to Jacob her gave and maid, her Zilpah took she bearing, left had she that saw Leah When
Naphtali. name his called she and prevailed: have I and sister, my with wrestled I have wrestlings great With said, Rachel And
son. second a Jacob bare and again, conceived maid Rachel's Bilhah And
Dan. name his she called therefore son: a me given hath and voice, my heard also hath and me, judged hath God said, Rachel And
son. a Jacob bare and conceived, Bilhah And
her. unto in went Jacob and wife: to handmaid her Bilhah him gave she And
her. by children have also may I that knees, my upon bear shall she and her; unto in go Bilhah, maid my Behold said, she And
womb? the of fruit the thee from withheld hath who stead, God's in I Am said, he and Rachel: against kindled was anger Jacob's And
die. I else or children, me Give Jacob, unto said and sister; her envied Rachel children, no Jacob bare she that saw Rachel when And
bearing. left and Judah; name his called she therefore : Lord the praise I will Now said, she and son: a bare and again, conceived she And
Levi. called name his was therefore sons: three him born have I because me, unto joined be husband my will time this Now said, and son; a bare and again, conceived she And
Simeon. name his called she and also: son this me given therefore hath he hated, was I heard hath Lord the Because said, and son; a bare and again, conceived she And
me. love will husband my therefore now affliction; my upon looked hath Lord the Surely said, she for Reuben: name his called she and son, a bare and conceived, Leah And
barren. was Rachel but womb: her opened he hated, was Leah that saw Lord the when And
years. other seven yet him with served and Leah, than more Rachel also loved he and Rachel, unto also in went he And
maid. her be to handmaid his Bilhah daughter his Rachel to gave Laban And
also. wife to daughter his Rachel him gave he and week: her fulfilled and so, did Jacob And
years. other seven yet me with serve shalt thou which service the for also this thee give will we and week, her Fulfil
firstborn. the before younger the give to country, our in done so be not must It said, Laban And
me? beguiled thou hast then wherefore Rachel? for thee with serve I not did me? unto done hast thou this is What Laban, to said he and Leah: was it behold, morning, the in that pass, to came it And
handmaid. an for maid his Zilpah Leah daughter his unto gave Laban And
her. unto in went he and him; to her brought and daughter, his Leah took he that evening, the in pass to came it And
feast. a made and place, the of men the all together gathered Laban And
her. unto in go may I that fulfilled, are days my for wife, my me Give Laban, unto said Jacob And
her. to had he love the for days, few a but him unto seemed they and Rachel; for years seven served Jacob And
me. with abide man: another to her give should I that than thee, to her give I that better is It said, Laban And
daughter. younger thy Rachel for years seven thee serve will I said, and Rachel; loved Jacob And
favoured. well and beautiful was Rachel but eyed; tender was Leah
Rachel. was younger the of name the and Leah, was elder the of name the daughters: two had Laban And
be? wages thy shall what me, tell nought? for me serve therefore thou shouldest brother, my art thou Because Jacob, unto said Laban And
month. a of space the him with abode he And flesh. my and bone my art thou Surely him, to said Laban And
things. these all Laban told he And house. his to him brought and him, kissed and him, embraced and him, meet to ran he that son, sister's his Jacob of tidings the heard Laban when pass, to came it And
father. her told and ran she and son: Rebekah's was he that and brother, father's her was he that Rachel told Jacob And
wept. and voice, his up lifted and Rachel, kissed Jacob And
brother. mother's his Laban of flock the watered and mouth, well's the from stone the rolled and near, went Jacob that brother, mother's his Laban of sheep the and brother, mother's his Laban of daughter the Rachel saw Jacob when pass, to came it And
them. kept she for sheep; father's her with came Rachel them, with spake yet he while And
sheep. the water we then mouth; well's the from stone the roll they till and together, gathered be flocks the all until cannot, We said, they And
them. feed and go and sheep, the ye water together: gathered be should cattle the that time it is neither day, high yet is it Lo, said, he And
sheep. the with cometh daughter his Rachel behold, and, well: is He said, they And well? he Is them, unto said he And
him. know We said, they And Nahor? of son the Laban ye Know them, unto said he And
we. are Haran Of said, they And ye? be whence brethren, My them, unto said Jacob And
place. his in mouth well's the upon again stone the put and sheep, the watered and mouth, well's the from stone the rolled they and gathered: flocks the all were thither And
mouth. well's the upon was stone great a and flocks: the watered they well that of out for it; by lying sheep of flocks three were there lo, and, field, the in well a behold and looked, he And
east. the of people the of land the into came and journey, his on went Jacob Then
thee. unto tenth the give surely will I me give shalt thou that all of and house: God's be shall pillar, a for set have I which stone, this And
God: my be Lord the shall then peace; in house father's my to again come I that So
on, put to raiment and eat, to bread me give will and go, I that way this in me keep will and me, with be will God If saying, vow, a vowed Jacob And
first. the at Luz called was city that of name the but Bethel: place that of name the called he And
it. of top the upon oil poured and pillar, a for up it set and pillows, his for put had he that stone the took and morning, the in early up rose Jacob And
heaven. of gate the is this and God, of house the but other none is this place! this is dreadful How said, and afraid, was he And
not. it knew I and place; this in is Lord the Surely said, he and sleep, his of out awaked Jacob And
of. thee to spoken have I which that done have I until thee, leave not will I for land; this into again thee bring will and goest, thou whither places all in thee keep will and thee, with am I behold, And,
blessed. be earth the of families the all shall seed thy in and thee in and south: the to and north, the to and east, the to and west, the to abroad spread shalt thou and earth, the of dust the as be shall seed thy And
seed; thy to and it, give I will thee to liest, thou whereon land the Isaac: of God the and father, thy Abraham of God Lord the am I said, and it, above stood Lord the behold, And,
it. on descending and ascending God of angels the behold and heaven: to reached it of top the and earth, the on up set ladder a behold and dreamed, he And
sleep. to place that in down lay and pillows, his for them put and place, that of stones the of took he and set; was sun the because night, all there tarried and place, certain a upon lighted he And
Haran. toward went and Beersheba, from out went Jacob And
wife. his be to Nebajoth, of sister the son, Abraham's Ishmael of daughter the Mahalath had he which wives the unto took and Ishmael, unto Esau went Then
father; his Isaac not pleased Canaan of daughters the that seeing Esau And
Padanaram; to gone was and mother, his and father his obeyed Jacob that And
Canaan; of daughers the of wife a take not shalt Thou saying, charge, a him gave he him blessed he as that and thence; from wife a him take to Padanaram, to away him sent and Jacob, blessed had Isaac that saw Esau When
mother. Esau's and Jacob's Rebekah, of brother the Syrian, the Bethuel of son Laban, unto Padanaram to went he and Jacob: away sent Isaac And
Abraham. unto gave God which stranger, a art thou wherein land the inherit mayest thou that thee; with seed thy to and thee, to Abraham, of blessing the thee give And
people; of multitude a be mayest thou that thee, multiply and fruitful, thee make and thee, bless Almighty God And
brother. mother's thy Laban of daughers the of thence from wife a thee take and father; mother's thy Bethuel of house the to Padanaram, to go Arise,
Canaan. of daughters the of wife a take not shalt Thou him, unto said and him, charged and him, blessed and Jacob, called Isaac And
me? do life my shall good what land, the of daughters the of are which these as such Heth, of daughters the of wife a take Jacob if Heth: of daughters the of because life my of weary am I Isaac, to said Rebekah And
day? one in both you of also deprived be I should why thence: from thee fetch and send, will I then him: to done hast thou which that forget he and thee, from away turn anger brother's thy Until
away; turn fury brother's thy until days, few a him with tarry And
Haran; to brother my Laban to thou flee arise, voice; my obey son, my therefore, Now
thee. kill to purposing himself, comfort doth thee, touching as Esau, brother thy Behold, him, unto said and son, younger her Jacob called and sent she and Rebekah: to told were son elder her Esau of words these And
Jacob. brother my slay I will then hand; at are father my for mourning of days The heart, his in said Esau and him: blessed father his wherewith blessing the of because Jacob hated Esau And
neck. thy off from yoke his break shalt thou that dominion, the have shalt thou when pass to come shall it and brother; thy serve shalt and live, thou shalt sword thy by And
above; from heaven of dew the of and earth, the of fatness the be shall dwelling thy Behold, him, unto said and answered father his Isaac And
wept. and voice, his up lifted Esau And father. my O also, me even me, bless father? my blessing, one but thou Hast father, his unto said Esau And
son? my thee, unto now do I shall what and him: sustained I have wine and corn with and servants; for him to given I have brethren his all and lord, thy him made have I Behold, Esau, unto said and answered Isaac And
me? for blessing a reserved not thou Hast said, he And blessing. my away taken hath he now behold, and, birthright; my away took he times: two these me supplanted hath he for Jacob? named rightly he not Is said, he And
blessing. thy away taken hath and subtilty, with came brother Thy said, he And
father. my O also, me even me, Bless father, his unto said and cry, bitter exceeding and great a with cried he father, his of words the heard Esau when And
blessed. be shall he and yea, him? blessed have and camest, thou before all of eaten have I and me, it brought and venison, taken hath that he is where Who? said, and exceedingly, very trembled Isaac And
Esau. firstborn thy son, thy am I said, he And thou? art Who him, unto said father his Isaac And
me. bless may soul thy that venison, son's his of eat and arise, father my Let father, his unto said and father, his unto it brought and meat, savoury made had also he And
hunting. his from in came brother his Esau that father, his Isaac of presence the from out gone scarce yet was Jacob and Jacob, blessing of end an made had Isaac as soon as pass, to came it And
thee. blesseth that he be blessed and thee, curseth that one every be cursed thee: to down bow sons mother's thy let and brethren, thy over lord be thee: to down bow nations and thee, serve people Let
wine: and corn of plenty and earth, the of fatness the and heaven, of dew the of thee give God Therefore
blessed: hath Lord the which field a of smell the as is son my of smell the See, said, and him, blessed and raiment, his of smell the smelled he and him: kissed and near, came he And
son. my me, kiss and now, near Come him, unto said Isaac father his And
drank. he and wine him brought he and eat: did he and him, to near it brought he And thee. bless may soul my that venison, son's my of eat will I and me, to near it Bring said, he And
am. I said, he And Esau? son very my thou Art said, he And
him. blessed he so hands: Esau's brother his as hairy, were hands his because not, him discerned he And
Esau. of hands the are hands the but voice, Jacob's is voice The said, and him, felt he and father; his Isaac unto near went Jacob And
not. or Esau son very my be thou whether son, my thee, feel may I that thee, pray I near, Come Jacob, unto said Isaac And
me. to it brought God thy Lord the Because said, he And son? my quickly, so it found hast thou that it is How son, his unto said Isaac And
me. bless may soul thy that venison, my of eat and sit thee, pray I arise, me: badest thou as according done have I born; first thy Esau am I father, his unto said Jacob And
son? my thou, art who I; am Here said, he and father: My said, and father, his unto came he And
Jacob. son her of hand the into prepared, had she which bread, the and meat savoury the gave she And
neck: his of smooth the upon and hands, his upon goats the of kids the of skins the put she And
son: younger her Jacob upon them put and house, the in her with were which Esau, son eldest her of raiment goodly took Rebekah And
loved. father his as such meat, savoury made mother his and mother: his to them brought and fetched, and went, he And
them. me fetch go and voice, my obey only son: my curse, thy be me Upon him, unto said mother his And
blessing. a not and me, upon curse a bring shall I and deceiver; a as him to seem shall I and me, feel will peradventure father My
man: smooth a am I and man, hairy a is brother my Esau Behold, mother, his Rebekah to said Jacob And
death. his before thee bless may he that and eat, may he that father, thy to it bring shalt thou And
loveth: he as such father, thy for meat savoury them make will I and goats; the of kids good two thence from me fetch and flock, the to now Go
thee. command I which that to according voice my obey son, my therefore, Now
death. my before Lord the before thee bless and eat, may I that meat, savoury me make and venison, me Bring
saying, brother, thy Esau unto speak father thy heard I Behold, saying, son, her Jacob unto spake Rebekah And
it. bring to and venison, for hunt to field the to went Esau And son. his Esau to spake Isaac when heard Rebekah And
die. I before thee bless may soul my that eat; may I that me, to it bring and love, I as such meat, savoury me make And
venison; some me take and field, the to out go and bow, thy and quiver thy weapons, thy thee, pray I take, therefore Now
death: my of day the not know I old, am I now, Behold said, he And
I. am here Behold, him, unto said he and son: My him, unto said and son, eldest his Esau called he see, not could he that so dim, were eyes his and old, was Isaac when that pass, to came it And
Rebekah. to and Isaac unto mind of grief a were Which
Hittite: the Elon of daughter the Bashemath and Hittite, the Beeri of daughter the Judith wife to took he when old years forty was Esau And
day. this unto Beersheba is city the of name the therefore Shebah: it called he And
water. found have We him, unto said and digged, had they which well the concerning him told and came, servants Isaac's that day, same the pass to came it And
peace. in him from departed they and away, them sent Isaac and another: to one sware and morning, the in betimes up rose they And
drink. and eat did they and feast, a them made he And
. Lord the of blessed the now art thou peace: in away thee sent have and good, but nothing thee unto done have we as and thee, touched not have we as hurt, no us do wilt thou That
thee; with covenant a make us let and thee, and us betwixt even us, betwixt oath an now be there Let said, we and thee: with was Lord the that certainly saw We said, they And
you? from away me sent have and me, hate ye seeing me, to ye come Wherefore them, unto said Isaac And
army. his of captain chief the Phichol and friends, his of one Ahuzzath and Gerar, from him to went Abimelech Then
well. a digged servants Isaac's there and there: tent his pitched and , Lord the of name the upon called and there, altar an builded he And
sake. Abraham's servant my for seed thy multiply and thee, bless will and thee, with am I for not, fear father: thy Abraham of God the am I said, and night, same the him unto appeared Lord the And
Beersheba. to thence from up went he And
land. the in fruitful be shall we and us, for room made hath Lord the now For said, he and Rehoboth; it of name the called he and not: strove they that for and well; another digged and thence, from removed he And
Sitnah. it of name the called he and also: that for strove and well, another digged they And
him. with strove they because Esek; well the of name the called he and ours: is water The saying, herdmen, Isaac's with strive did Gerar of herdmen the And
water. springing of well a there found and valley, the in digged servants Isaac's And
them. called had father his which by names the after names their called he and Abraham: of death the after them stopped had Philistines the for father; his Abraham of days the in digged had they which water, of wells the again digged Isaac And
there. dwelt and Gerar, of valley the in tent his pitched and thence, departed Isaac And
we. than mightier much art thou for us; from Go Isaac, unto said Abimelech And
earth. with them filled and them, stopped had Philistines the father, his Abraham of days the in digged had servants father's his which wells the all For
him. envied Philistines the and servants: of store great and herds, of possession and flocks, of possession had he For
great: very became he until grew and forward, went and great, waxed man the And
him. blessed Lord the and hundredfold: an year same the in received and land, that in sowed Isaac Then
death. to put be surely shall wife his or man this toucheth that He saying, people, his all charged Abimelech And
us. upon guiltiness brought have shouldest thou and wife, thy with lien have lightly might people the of one us? unto done hast thou this is What said, Abimelech And
her. for die I Lest said, I Because him, unto said Isaac And sister? my is She thou, saidst how and wife; thy is she surety a of Behold, said, and Isaac, called Abimelech And
wife. his Rebekah with sporting was Isaac behold, and, saw, and window, a at out looked Philistines the of king Abimelech that time, long a there been had he when pass, to came it And
upon. look to fair was she because Rebekah; for me kill should place the of men the he, said lest, wife; my is She say, to feared he for sister: my is She said, he and wife; his of him asked place the of men the And
Gerar: in dwelt Isaac And
laws. my and statutes, my commandments, my charge, my kept and voice, my obeyed Abraham that Because
blessed; be earth the of nations the all shall seed thy in and countries; these all seed thy unto give will and heaven, of stars the as multiply to seed thy make will I And
father; thy Abraham unto sware I which oath the perform will I and countries, these all give will I seed, thy unto and thee, unto for thee; bless will and thee, with be will I and land, this in Sojourn
of: thee tell shall I which land the in dwell Egypt; into down not Go said, and him, unto appeared Lord the And
Gerar. unto Philistines the of king Abimelech unto went Isaac And Abraham. of days the in was that famine first the beside land, the in famine a was there And
birthright. his despised Esau thus way: his went and up, rose and drink, and eat did he and lentiles; of pottage and bread Esau gave Jacob Then
Jacob. unto birthright his sold he and him: unto sware he and day; this me to Swear said, Jacob And
me? to do birthright this shall profit what and die: to point the at am I Behold, said, Esau And
birthright. thy day this me Sell said, Jacob And
Edom. called name his was therefore faint: am I for pottage; red same that with thee, pray I me, Feed Jacob, to said Esau And
faint: was he and field, the from came Esau and pottage: sod Jacob And
Jacob. loved Rebekah but venison: his of eat did he because Esau, loved Isaac And
tents. in dwelling man, plain a was Jacob and field; the of man a hunter, cunning a was Esau and grew: boys the And
them. bare she when old years threescore was Isaac and Jacob: called was name his and heel; Esau's on hold took hand his and out, brother his came that after And
Esau. name his called they and garment; hairy an like over all red, out came first the And
womb. her in twins were there behold, fulfilled, were delivered be to days her when And
younger. the serve shall elder the and people; other the than stronger be shall people one the and bowels; thy from separated be shall people of manner two and womb, thy in are nations Two her, unto said Lord the And
. Lord the of enquire to went she And thus? I am why so, be it If said, she and her; within together struggled children the And
conceived. wife his Rebekah and him, of intreated was Lord the and barren: was she because wife, his for Lord the intreated Isaac And
Syrian. the Laban to sister the Padanaram, of Syrian the Bethuel of daughter the wife, to Rebekah took he when old years forty was Isaac And
Isaac: begat Abraham son: Abraham's Isaac, of generations the are these And
brethren. his all of presence the in died he and Assyria: toward goest thou as Egypt, before is that Shur, unto Havilah from dwelt they And
people. his unto gathered was and died; and ghost the up gave he and years: seven and thirty and hundred an Ishmael, of life the of years the are these And
nations. their to according princes twelve castles; their by and towns, their by names, their are these and Ishmael, of sons the are These
Kedemah: and Naphish, Jetur, Tema, and Hadar,
Massa, and Dumah, and Mishma, And
Mibsam, and Adbeel, and Kedar, and Nebajoth; Ishmael, of firstborn the generations: their to according names, their by Ishmael, of sons the of names the are these And
Abraham: unto bare handmaid, Sarah's Egyptian, the Hagar whom son, Abraham's Ishmael, of generations the are these Now
Lahairoi. well the by dwelt Isaac and Isaac; son his blessed God that Abraham, of death the after pass to came it And
wife. his Sarah and buried, Abraham was there Heth: of sons the of purchased Abraham which field The
Mamre; before is which Hittite, the Zohar of son the Ephron of field the in Machpelah, of cave the in him buried Ishmael and Isaac sons his And
people. his to gathered was and years; of full and man, old an age, old good a in died and ghost, the up gave Abraham Then
years. fifteen and threescore hundred an lived, he which life Abraham's of years the of days the are these And
country. east the unto eastward, lived, yet he while son, his Isaac from away them sent and gifts, gave Abraham had, Abraham which concubines, the of sons the unto But
Isaac. unto had he that all gave Abraham And
Keturah. of children the were these All Eldaah. and Abidah, and Hanoch, and Epher, and Ephah, Midian; of sons the And
Leummim. and Letushim, and Asshurim, were Dedan of sons the And Dedan. and Sheba, begat Jokshan And
Shuah. and Ishbak, and Midian, and Medan, and Jokshan, and Zimran, him bare she And
Keturah. was name her and wife, a took Abraham again Then
death. mother's his after comforted was Isaac and her: loved he and wife; his became she and Rebekah, took and tent, Sarah's mother his into her brought Isaac And
done. had he that things all Isaac told servant the And
herself. covered and vail, a took she therefore master: my is It said, had servant the And us? meet to field the in walketh that this is man What servant, the unto said had she For
camel. the off lighted she Isaac, saw she when and eyes, her up lifted Rebekah And
coming. were camels the behold, and, saw, and eyes, his up lifted he and eventide: the at field the in meditate to out went Isaac And
country. south the in dwelt he for Lahairoi; well the of way the from came Isaac And
way. his went and Rebekah, took servant the and man: the followed and camels, the upon rode they and damsels, her and arose, Rebekah And
them. hate which those of gate the possess seed thy let and millions, of thousands of mother the thou be sister, our art Thou her, unto said and Rebekah, blessed they And
men. his and servant, Abraham's and nurse, her and sister, their Rebekah away sent they And
go. will I said, she And man? this with go thou Wilt her, unto said and Rebekah, called they And
mouth. her at enquire and damsel, the call will We said, they And
master. my to go may I that away me send way; my prospered hath Lord the seeing not, me Hinder them, unto said he And
go. shall she that after ten; least the at days, few a us with abide damsel the Let said, mother her and brother her And
master. my unto away me Send said, he and morning, the in up rose they and night; all tarried and him, with were that men the and he drink, and eat did they And
things. precious mother her to and brother her to also gave he Rebekah: to them gave and raiment, and gold, of jewels and silver, of jewels forth brought servant the And
earth. the to himself bowing , Lord the worshipped he words, their heard servant Abraham's when that, pass, to came it And
spoken. hath Lord the as wife, son's master's thy be her let and go, and her, take thee, before is Rebekah Behold,
good. or bad thee unto speak cannot we : Lord the from proceedeth thing The said, and answered Bethuel and Laban Then
left. the to or hand, right the to turn may I that me; tell not, if and me: tell master, my with truly and kindly deal will ye if now And
son. his unto daughter brother's master's my take to way right the in me led had which Abraham, master my of God Lord the blessed and , Lord the worshipped and head, my down bowed I And
hands. her upon bracelets the and face, her upon earring the put I and him: unto bare Milcah whom son, Nahor's Bethuel, of daughter the said, she And thou? art daughter Whose said, and her, asked I And
also. drink camels the made she and drank, I so also: drink camels thy give will I and Drink, said, and shoulder, her from pitcher her down let and haste, made she And
thee. pray I drink, me Let her, unto said I and water: drew and well, the unto down went she and shoulder; her on pitcher her with forth came Rebekah behold, heart, mine in speaking done had I before And
son. master's my for out appointed hath Lord the whom woman the be same the let camels: thy for draw also will I and thou, drink Both me, to say she And
drink; to pitcher thy of water little a thee, pray I me, Give her, to say I and water, draw to forth cometh virgin the when that pass, to come shall it and water; of well the by stand I Behold,
go: I which way my prosper do thou now if Abraham, master my of God Lord O said, and well, the unto day this came I And
oath. my from clear be shalt thou one, thee not give they if and kindred; my to comest thou when oath, my this from clear be thou shalt Then
house: father's my of and kindred, my of son my for wife a take shalt thou and way; thy prosper and thee, with angel his send will walk, I whom before , Lord The me, unto said he And
me. follow not will woman the Peradventure master, my unto said I And
son. my unto wife a take and kindred, my to and house, father's my unto go shalt thou But
dwell: I land whose in Canaanites, the of daughters the of son my to wife a take not shalt Thou saying, swear, me made master my And
hath. he that all given he hath him unto and old: was she when master my to son a bare wife master's my Sarah And
asses. and camels, and maidservants, and menservants, and gold, and silver, and herds, and flocks, him given hath he and great: become is he and greatly; master my blessed hath Lord the And
servant. Abraham's am I said, he And
on. Speak said, he And errand. mine told have I until eat, not will I said, he but eat: to him before meat set was there And
him. with were that feet men's the and feet, his wash to water and camels, the for provender and straw gave and camels, his ungirded he and house: the into came man the And
camels. the for room and house, the prepared have I for without? thou standest wherefore ; Lord the of blessed thou in, Come said, he And
well. the at camels the by stood he behold, and, man; the unto came he that me; unto man the spake Thus saying, sister, his Rebekah of words the heard he when and hands, sister's his upon bracelets and earring the saw he when pass, to came it And
well. the unto man, the unto out ran Laban and Laban: was name his and brother, a had Rebekah And
things. these house mother's her of them told and ran, damsel the And
brethren. master's my of house the to me led Lord the way, the in being I truth: his and mercy his of master my destitute left not hath who Abraham, master my of God Lord the be Blessed said, he And
. Lord the worshipped and head, his down bowed man the And
in. lodge to room and enough, provender and straw both have We him, unto moreover said She
Nahor. unto bare she which Milcah, of son the Bethuel of daughter the am I him, unto said she And
in? lodge to us for house father's thy in room there is thee: pray I me, tell thou? art daughter Whose said, And
gold; of weight shekels ten of hands her for bracelets two and weight, shekel a half of earring golden a took man the that drinking, done had camels the as pass, to came it And
not. or prosperous journey his made had Lord the whether wit to peace, his held her at wondering man the And
camels. his all for drew and water, draw to well the unto again ran and trough, the into pitcher her emptied and hasted, she And
drinking. done have they until also, camels thy for water draw will I said, she drink, him giving done had she when And
drink. him gave and hand, her upon pitcher her down let and hasted, she and lord: my Drink, said, she And
pitcher. thy of water little a drink thee, pray I me, Let said, and her, meet to ran servant the And
up. came and pitcher, her filled and well, the to down went she and her: known man any had neither virgin, a upon, look to fair very was damsel the And
shoulder. her upon pitcher her with brother, Abraham's Nahor, of wife the Milcah, of son Bethuel, to born was who out, came Rebekah behold, that, speaking, done had he before pass, to came it And
master. my unto kindness shewed hast thou that know I shall thereby and Isaac; servant thy for appointed hast thou that she be same the let also: drink camels thy give will I and Drink, say, shall she and drink; may I that thee, pray I pitcher, thy down Let say, shall I whom to damsel the that pass, to come it let And
water: draw to out come city the of men the of daughters the and water; of well the by here stand I Behold,
Abraham. master my unto kindness shew and day, this speed good me send thee, pray I Abraham, master my of God Lord O said he And
water. draw to out go women that time the even evening, the of time the at water of well a by city the without down kneel to camels his made he And
Nahor. of city the unto Mesopotamia, to went and arose, he and hand: his in were master his of goods the all for departed; and master, his of camels the of camels ten took servant the And
matter. that concerning him to sware and master, his Abraham of thigh the under hand his put servant the And
again. thither son my not bring only oath: my this from clear be shalt thou then thee, follow to willing be not will woman the if And
thence. from son my unto wife a take shalt thou and thee, before angel his send shall he land; this give I will seed thy Unto saying, me, unto sware that and me, unto spake which and kindred, my of land the from and house, father's my from me took which heaven, of God Lord The
again. thither son my not bring thou that thou Beware him, unto said Abraham And
camest? thou whence from land the unto again son thy bring needs I must land: this unto me follow to willing be not will woman the Peradventure him, unto said servant the And
Isaac. son my unto wife a take and kindred, my to and country, my unto go shalt thou But
dwell: I whom among Canaanites, the of daughters the of son my unto wife a take not shalt thou that earth, the of God the and heaven, of God the , Lord the by swear thee make will I And
thigh: my under hand thy thee, pray I Put, had, he that all over ruled that house, his of servant eldest his unto said Abraham And
things. all in Abraham blessed had Lord the and age: in stricken well and old, was Abraham And
Heth. of sons the by buryingplace a of possession a for Abraham unto sure made were therein, is that cave the and field, the And
Canaan. of land the in Hebron is same the Mamre: before Machpelah of field the of cave the in wife his Sarah buried Abraham this, after And
city. his of gate the at in went that all before Heth, of children the of presence the in possession a for Abraham Unto
sure made were about, round borders the all in were that field, the in were that trees the all and therein, was which cave the and field, the Mamre, before was which Machpelah, in was which Ephron of field the And
merchant. the with money current silver, of shekels hundred four Heth, of sons the of audience the in named had he which silver, the Ephron to weighed Abraham and Ephron; unto hearkened Abraham And
dead. thy therefore bury thee? and me betwixt that is what silver; of shekels hundred four worth is land the me: unto hearken lord, My
him, unto saying Abraham, answered Ephron And
there. dead my bury will I and me, of it take field; the for money thee give will I me: hear thee, pray I it, give wilt thou if But saying, land, the of people the of audience the in Ephron unto spake he And
land. the of people the before himself down bowed Abraham And
dead. thy bury thee: it I give people my of sons the of presence the in thee; it give I therein, is that cave the and thee, I give field the me: hear lord, my Nay,
saying, city, his of gate the at in went that all of even Heth, of children the of audience the in Abraham answered Hittite the Ephron and Heth: of children the among dwelt Ephron And
you. amongst buryingplace a of possession a for me it give shall he worth is it as money much as for field; his of end the in is which hath, he which Machpelah, of cave the me give may he That
Zohar, of son the Ephron to me for intreat and me, hear sight; my of out dead my bury should I that mind your be it If saying, them, with communed he And
Heth. of children the to even land, the of people the to himself bowed and up, stood Abraham And
dead. thy bury mayest thou that but sepulchre, his thee from withhold shall us of none dead; thy bury sepulchres our of choice the in us: among prince mighty a art thou lord: my us, Hear
him, unto saying Abraham, answered Heth of children the And
sight. my of out dead my bury may I that you, with buryingplace a of possession a me give you: with sojourner a and stranger a am I
saying, Heth, of sons the unto spake and dead, his before from up stood Abraham And
her. for weep to and Sarah, for mourn to came Abraham and Canaan: of land the in Hebron is same the Kirjatharba; in died Sarah And
Sarah. of life the of years the were these old: years twenty and seven and hundred an was Sarah And
Maachah. and Thahash, and Gaham, and Tebah, also bare she Reumah, was name whose concubine, his And
brother. Abraham's Nahor, to bear did Milcah eight these Rebekah: begat Bethuel And
Bethuel. and Jidlaph, and Pildash, and Hazo, and Chesed, And
Aram, of father the Kemuel and brother, his Buz and firstborn, his Huz
Nahor; brother thy unto children born also hath she Milcah, Behold, saying, Abraham, told was it that things, these after pass to came it And
Beersheba. at dwelt Abraham and Beersheba; to together went and up rose they and men, young his unto returned Abraham So
voice. my obeyed hast thou because blessed; be earth the of nations the all shall seed thy in And
enemies; his of gate the possess shall seed thy and shore; sea the upon is which sand the as and heaven, the of stars the as seed thy multiply will I multiplying in and thee, bless will I blessing in That
son: only thine son, thy withheld not hast and thing, this done hast thou because for , Lord the saith sworn, I have myself By said, And
time, second the heaven of out Abraham unto called Lord the of angel the And
seen. be shall it Lord the of mount the In day, this to said is it as Jehovahjireh: place that of name the called Abraham And
son. his of stead the in offering burnt a for up him offered and ram, the took and went Abraham and horns: his by thicket a in caught ram a him behind behold and looked, and eyes, his up lifted Abraham And
me. from son only thine son, thy withheld not hast thou seeing God, fearest thou that know I now for him: unto thing any thou do neither lad, the upon hand thine not Lay said, he And
I. am Here said, he and Abraham: Abraham, said, and heaven, of out him unto called Lord the of angel the And
son. his slay to knife the took and hand, his forth stretched Abraham And
wood. the upon altar the on him laid and son, his Isaac bound and order, in wood the laid and there, altar an built Abraham and of; him told had God which place the to came they And
together. them of both went they so offering: burnt a for lamb a himself provide will God son, My said, Abraham And
offering? burnt a for lamb the is where but wood: the and fire the Behold said, he And son. my I, am Here said, he and father: My said, and father, his Abraham unto spake Isaac And
together. them of both went they and knife; a and hand, his in fire the took he and son; his Isaac upon it laid and offering, burnt the of wood the took Abraham And
you. to again come and worship, and yonder go will lad the and I and ass; the with here ye Abide men, young his unto said Abraham And
off. afar place the saw and eyes, his up lifted Abraham day third the on Then
him. told had God which of place the unto went and up, rose and offering, burnt the for wood the clave and son, his Isaac and him, with men young his of two took and ass, his saddled and morning, the in early up rose Abraham And
of. thee tell will I which mountains the of one upon offering burnt a for there him offer and Moriah; of land the into thee get and lovest, thou whom Isaac, son only thine son, thy now Take said, he And
am. I here Behold, said, he and Abraham: him, unto said and Abraham, tempt did God that things, these after pass to came it And
days. many land Philistines' the in sojourned Abraham And
God. everlasting the , Lord the of name the on there called and Beersheba, in grove a planted Abraham And
Philistines. the of land the into returned they and host, his of captain chief the Phichol and up, rose Abimelech then Beersheba: at covenant a made they Thus
them. of both sware they there because Beersheba; place that called he Wherefore
well. this digged have I that me, unto witness a be may they that hand, my of take thou shalt lambs ewe seven these For said, he And
themselves? by set hast thou which lambs ewe seven these mean What Abraham, unto said Abimelech And
themselves. by flock the of lambs ewe seven set Abraham And
covenant. a made them of both and Abimelech; unto them gave and oxen, and sheep took Abraham And
day. to but it, of I heard yet neither me, tell thou didst neither thing; this done hath who not wot I said, Abimelech And
away. taken violently had servants Abimelech's which water, of well a of because Abimelech reproved Abraham And
swear. will I said, Abraham And
sojourned. hast thou wherein land the to and me, unto do shalt thou thee, unto done have I that kindness the to according but son: son's my with nor son, my with nor me, with falsely deal not wilt thou that God by here me unto swear therefore Now
doest: thou that all in thee with is God saying, Abraham, unto spake host his of captain chief the Phichol and Abimelech that time, that at pass to came it And
Egypt. of land the of out wife a him took mother his and Paran: of wilderness the in dwelt he And
archer. an became and wilderness, the in dwelt and grew, he and lad; the with was God And
drink. lad the gave and water, with bottle the filled and went, she and water; of well a saw she and eyes, her opened God And
nation. great a him make will I for hand; thine in him hold and lad, the up lift Arise,
is. he where lad the of voice the heard hath God for not; fear Hagar? thee, aileth What her, unto said and heaven, of out Hagar to called God of angel the and lad; the of voice the heard God And
wept. and voice, her up lift and him, against over sat she And child. the of death the see not me Let said, she for shot: bow a were it as off, way good a him against over down her sat and went, she And
shrubs. the of one under child the cast she and bottle, the in spent was water the And
Beersheba. of wilderness the in wandered and departed, she and away: her sent and child, the and shoulder, her on it putting Hagar, unto it gave and water, of bottle a and bread, took and morning, the in early up rose Abraham And
seed. thy is he because nation, a make I will bondwoman the of son the of also And
called. be seed thy shall Isaac in for voice; her unto hearken thee, unto said hath Sarah that all in bondwoman; thy of because and lad, the of because sight thy in grievous be not it Let Abraham, unto said God And
son. his of because sight Abraham's in grievous very was thing the And
Isaac. with even son, my with heir be not shall bondwoman this of son the for son: her and bondwoman this out Cast Abraham, unto said she Wherefore
mocking. Abraham, unto born had she which Egyptian, the Hagar of son the saw Sarah And
weaned. was Isaac that day same the feast great a made Abraham and weaned: was and grew, child the And
age. old his in son a him born have I for suck? children given have should Sarah that Abraham, unto said have would Who said, she And
me. with laugh will hear that all that so laugh, to me made hath God said, Sarah And
him. unto born was Isaac son his when old, years hundred an was Abraham And
him. commanded had God as old, days eight being Isaac son his circumcised Abraham And
Isaac. him, to bare Sarah whom him, unto born was that son his of name the called Abraham And
him. to spoken had God which of time set the at age, old his in son a Abraham bare and conceived, Sarah For
spoken. had he as Sarah unto did Lord the and said, had he as Sarah visited Lord the And
wife. Abraham's Sarah of because Abimelech, of house the of wombs the all up closed fast had Lord the For
children. bare they and maidservants; his and wife, his and Abimelech, healed God and God: unto prayed Abraham So
reproved. was she thus other: all with and thee, with are that all unto eyes, the of covering a thee to is he behold, silver: of pieces thousand a brother thy given have I Behold, said, he Sarah unto And
thee. pleaseth it where dwell thee: before is land my Behold, said, Abimelech And
wife. his Sarah him restored and Abraham, unto them gave and womenservants, and menservants, and oxen, and sheep, took Abimelech And
brother. my is He me, of say come, shall we whither place every at me; unto shew shalt thou which kindness thy is This her, unto said I that house, father's my from wander to me caused God when pass, to came it And
wife. my became she and mother; my of daughter the not but father, my of daughter the is she sister; my is she indeed yet And
sake. wife's my for me slay will they and place; this in not is God of fear the Surely thought, I Because said, Abraham And
thing? this done hast thou that thou, sawest What Abraham, unto said Abimelech And
done. be to not ought that me unto deeds done hast thou sin? great a kingdom my on and me on brought hast thou that thee, offended I have what and us? unto done thou hast What him, unto said and Abraham, called Abimelech Then
afraid. sore were men the and ears: their in things these all told and servants, his all called and morning, the in early rose Abimelech Therefore
thine. are that all and thou, die, surely shalt thou that thou know not, her restore thou if and live: shalt thou and thee, for pray shall he and prophet, a is he for wife; his man the restore therefore Now
her. touch to not thee I suffered therefore me: against sinning from thee withheld also I for heart; thy of integrity the in this didst thou that know I Yea, dream, a in him unto said God And
this. done I have hands my of innocency and heart my of integrity the in brother: my is He said, herself she even she, and sister? my is She me, unto not he Said
nation? righteous a also slay thou wilt , Lord said, he and her: near come not had Abimelech But
wife. man's a is she for taken; hast thou which woman the for man, dead a but art thou Behold, him, to said and night, by dream a in Abimelech to came God But
Sarah. took and sent, Gerar of king Abimelech and sister: my is She wife, his Sarah of said Abraham And
Gerar. in sojourned and Shur, and Kadesh between dwelled and country, south the toward thence from journeyed Abraham And
day. this unto Ammon of children the of father the is same the Benammi: name his called and son, a bare also she younger, the And
day. this unto Moabites the of father the is same the Moab: name his called and son, a bare born first the And
father. their by child with Lot of daughters the both were Thus
arose. she when nor down, lay she when not perceived he and him; with lay and arose, younger the and also: night that wine drink father their made they And
father. our of seed preserve may we that him, with lie and in, thou go and also; night this wine drink him make us let father: my with yesternight lay I Behold, younger, the unto said firstborn the that morrow, the on pass to came it And
arose. she when nor down, lay she when not perceived he and father; her with lay and in, went firstborn the and night: that wine drink father their made they And
father. our of seed preserve may we that him, with lie will we and wine, drink father our make us let Come,
earth: the all of manner the after us unto in come to earth the in man a not is there and old, is father Our younger, the unto said firstborn the And
daughters. two his and he cave, a in dwelt he and Zoar: in dwell to feared he for him; with daughters two his and mountain, the in dwelt and Zoar, of out up went Lot And
dwelt. Lot which the in cities the overthrew he when overthrow, the of midst the of out Lot sent and Abraham, remembered God that plain, the of cities the destroyed God when pass, to came it And
furnace. a of smoke the as up went country the of smoke the lo, and, beheld, and plain, the of land the all toward and Gomorrah, and Sodom toward looked he And
: Lord the before stood he where place the to morning the in early up gat Abraham And
salt. of pillar a became she and him, behind from back looked wife his But
ground. the upon grew which that and cities, the of inhabitants the all and plain, the all and cities, those overthrew he And
heaven; of out Lord the from fire and brimstone Gomorrah upon and Sodom upon rained Lord the Then
Zoar. into entered Lot when earth the upon risen was sun The
Zoar. called was city the of name the Therefore thither. come be thou till anything do cannot I for thither; escape thee, Haste
spoken. hast thou which the for city, this overthrow not will I that also, thing this concerning thee accepted have I See, him, unto said he And
live. shall soul my and one?) little a not it (is thither, escape me let Oh, one: little a is it and unto, flee to near is city this now, Behold
die: I and me, take evil some lest mountain, the to escape cannot I and life; my saving in me unto shewed hast thou which mercy, thy magnified hast thou and sight, thy in grace found hath servant thy now, Behold
: Lord my so, not Oh, them, unto said Lot And
consumed. be thou lest mountain, the to escape plain; the all in thou stay neither thee, behind not look life; thy for Escape said, he that abroad, forth them brought had they when pass, to came it And
city. the without him set and forth, him brought they and him: unto merciful being Lord the daughters; two his of hand the upon and wife, his of hand the upon and hand, his upon hold laid men the lingered, he while And
city. the of iniquity the in consumed be thou lest here; are which daughters, two thy and wife, thy take Arise, saying, Lot, hastened angels the then arose, morning the when And
law. in sons his unto mocked that one as seemed he But city. this destroy will Lord the for place; this of out you get Up, said, and daughters, his married which law, in sons his unto spake and out, went Lot And
it. destroy to us sent hath Lord the and ; Lord the of face the before great waxen is them of cry the because place, this destroy will we For
place: this of out them bring city, the in hast thou whatsoever and daughters, thy and sons, thy and law, in son besides? any here thou Hast Lot, unto said men the And
door. the find to themselves wearied they that so great: and small both blindness, with house the of door the at were that men the smote they And
door. the to shut and them, to house the into Lot pulled and hand, their forth put men the But
door. the break to near came and Lot, even man, the upon sore pressed they And them. with than thee, with worse deal we will now judge: a be needs will he and sojourn, to in came fellow one This again, said they And back. Stand said, they And
roof. my of shadow the under they came therefore for nothing; do men these unto only eyes: your in good is as them to ye do and you, unto out them bring you, pray I me, let man; known not have which daughters two have I now, Behold
wickedly. so not do brethren, you, pray I said, And
him, after door the shut and them, unto door the at out went Lot And
them. know may we that us, unto out them bring night? this thee to in came which men the are Where him, unto said and Lot, unto called they And
quarter: every from people the all young, and old both round, house the compassed Sodom, of men the even city, the of men the down, lay they before But
eat. did they and bread, unleavened bake did and feast, a them made he and house; his into entered and him, unto in turned they and greatly; them upon pressed he And
night. all street the in abide will we but Nay; said, they And ways. your on go and early, up rise shall ye and feet, your wash and night, all tarry and house, servant's your into you, pray I in, turn lords, my now, Behold said, he And
ground; the toward face his with himself bowed he and them; meet to up rose them seeing Lot and Sodom: of gate the in sat Lot and even; at Sodom to angels two came there And
place. his unto returned Abraham and Abraham: with communing left had he as soon as way, his went Lord the And
sake. ten's for it destroy not will I said, he And there. found be shall ten Peradventure once: this but yet speak will I and angry, be Lord the not let Oh said, he And
sake. twenty's for it destroy not will I said, he And there. found twenty be shall there Peradventure : Lord the unto speak to me upon taken have I now, Behold said, he And
there. thirty find I if it, do not will I said, he And there. found be thirty shall there Peradventure speak: will I and angry, be Lord the not let Oh him, unto said he And
sake. forty's for it do not will I said, he And there. found forty be shall there Peradventure said, and again, yet him unto spake he And
it. destroy not will I five, and forty there find I If said, he And five? of lack for city the all destroy thou wilt righteous: fifty the of five lack shall there Peradventure
ashes: and dust but am which , Lord the unto speak to me upon taken have I now, Behold said, and answered Abraham And
sakes. their for place the all spare will I then city, the within righteous fifty Sodom in find I If said, Lord the And
right? do earth the all of Judge the not Shall thee: from far be that wicked, the as be should righteous the that and wicked: the with righteous the slay to manner, this after do to thee from far be That
therein? are that righteous fifty the for place the spare not and destroy also thou wilt city: the within righteous fifty be there Peradventure
wicked? the with righteous the destroy also thou Wilt said, and near, drew Abraham And
. Lord the before yet stood Abraham but Sodom: toward went and thence, from faces their turned men the And
know. will I not, if and me; unto come is which it, of cry the to according altogether done have they whether see and now, down go will I
grievous; very is sin their because and great, is Gomorrah and Sodom of cry the Because said, Lord the And
him. of spoken hath he which that Abraham upon bring may Lord the that judgment; and justice do to , Lord the of way the keep shall they and him, after household his and children his command will he that him, know I For
him? in blessed be shall earth the of nations the all and nation, mighty and great a become surely shall Abraham that Seeing
do; I which thing that Abraham from hide I Shall said, Lord the And
way. the on them bring to them with went Abraham and Sodom: toward looked and thence, from up rose men the And
laugh. didst thou but Nay; said, he And afraid. was she for not; laughed I saying, denied, Sarah Then
son. a have shall Sarah and life, of time the to according thee, unto return will I appointed time the At ? Lord the for hard too thing any Is
old? am which child, a bear surety a of I Shall saying, laugh, Sarah did Wherefore Abraham, unto said Lord the And
also? old being lord my pleasure, have I shall old waxed am I After saying, herself, within laughed Sarah Therefore
women. of manner the after Sarah with be to ceased it and age; in stricken well and old were Sarah and Abraham Now
him. behind was which door, tent the in it heard Sarah And son. a have shall wife thy Sarah lo, and, life; of time the to according thee unto return certainly will I said, he And
tent. the in Behold, said, he And wife? thy Sarah is Where him, unto said they And
eat. did they and tree, the under them by stood he and them; before it set and dressed, had he which calf the and milk, and butter, took he And
it. dress to hasted he and man; young a unto it gave and good, and tender calf a fetcht and herd, the unto ran Abraham And
hearth. the upon cakes make and it, knead meal, fine of measures three quickly ready Make said, and Sarah, unto tent the into hastened Abraham And
said. hast thou as do, So said, they And servant. your to come ye are therefore for on: pass shall ye that after hearts; your ye comfort and bread, of morsel a fetch will I And
tree: the under yourselves rest and feet, your wash and fetched, be you, pray I water, little a Let
servant: thy from thee, pray I away, not pass sight, thy in favour found have I now if , Lord My said, And
ground, the toward himself bowed and door, tent the from them meet to ran he them, saw he when and him: by stood men three lo, and, looked, and eyes his up lift he And
day; the of heat the in door tent the in sat he and Mamre: of plains the in him unto appeared Lord the And
him. with circumcised were stranger, the of money with bought and house, the in born house, his of men the all And
son. his Ishmael and circumcised, Abraham was day selfsame the In
foreskin. his of flesh the in circumcised was he when old, years thirteen was son his Ishmael And
foreskin. his of flesh the in circumcised was he when nine, and old years ninety was Abraham And
him. unto said had God as day, selfsame the in foreskin their of flesh the circumcised and house; Abraham's of men the among male every money, his with bought were that all and house, his in born were that all and son, his Ishmael took Abraham And
Abraham. from up went God and him, with talking off left he And
year. next the in time set this at thee unto bear shall Sarah which Isaac, with establish I will covenant my But
nation. great a him make will I and beget, he shall princes twelve exceedingly; him multiply will and fruitful, him make will and him, blessed have I Behold, thee: heard have I Ishmael, for as And
him. after seed his with and covenant, everlasting an for him with covenant my establish will I and Isaac: name his call shalt thou and indeed; son a thee bear shall wife thy Sarah said, God And
thee! before live might Ishmael that O God, unto said Abraham And
bear? old, years ninety is that Sarah, shall and old? years hundred an is that him unto born be child a Shall heart, his in said and laughed, and face, his upon fell Abraham Then
her. of be shall people of kings nations; of mother a be shall she and her, bless will I yea, her: of also son a thee give and her, bless will I And
be. name her shall Sarah but Sarai, name her call not shalt thou wife, thy Sarai for As Abraham, unto said God And
covenant. my broken hath he people; his from off cut be shall soul that circumcised, not is foreskin his of flesh whose child man uncircumcised the And
covenant. everlasting an for flesh your in be shall covenant my and circumcised: be needs must money, thy with bought is that he and house, thy in born is that He
seed. thy of not is which stranger, any of money with bought or house, the in born is that he generations, your in child man every you, among circumcised be shall old days eight is that he And
you. and me betwixt covenant the of token a be shall it and foreskin; your of flesh the circumcise shall ye And
circumcised. be shall you among child man Every thee; after seed thy and you and me between keep, shall ye which covenant, my is This
generations. their in thee after seed thy and thou, therefore, covenant my keep shalt Thou Abraham, unto said God And
God. their be will I and possession; everlasting an for Canaan, of land the all stranger, a art thou wherein land the thee, after seed thy to and thee, unto give will I And
thee. after seed thy to and thee, unto God a be to covenant, everlasting an for generations their in thee after seed thy and thee and me between covenant my establish will I And
thee. of out come shall kings and thee, of nations make will I and fruitful, exceeding thee make will I And
thee. made I have nations many of father a for Abraham; be shall name thy but Abram, called be more any name thy shall Neither
nations. many of father a be shalt thou and thee, with is covenant my behold, me, for As
saying, him, with talked God and face: his on fell Abram And
exceedingly. thee multiply will and thee, and me between covenant my make will I And
perfect. thou be and me, before walk God; Almighty the am I him, unto said and Abram, to appeared Lord the nine, and old years ninety was Abram when And
Abram. to Ishmael bare Hagar when old, years six and fourscore was Abram And
Ishmael. bare, Hagar which name, son's his called Abram and son: a Abram bare Hagar And
Bered. and Kadesh between is it behold, Beerlahairoi; called was well the Wherefore
me? seeth that him after looked here also I Have said, she for me: seest God Thou her, unto spake that Lord the of name the called she And
brethren. his all of presence the in dwell shall he and him; against hand man's every and man, every against be will hand his man; wild a be will he And
affliction. thy heard hath Lord the because Ishmael; name his call shalt and son, a bear shalt and child with art thou Behold, her, unto said Lord the of angel the And
multitude. for numbered be not shall it that exceedingly, seed thy multiply will I her, unto said Lord the of angel the And
hands. her under thyself submit and mistress, thy to Return her, unto said Lord the of angel the And
Sarai. mistress my of face the from flee I said, she And go? thou wilt whither and thou? camest whence maid, Sarai's Hagar, said, he And
Shur. to way the in fountain the by wilderness, the in water of fountain a by her found Lord the of angel the And
face. her from fled she her, with hardly dealt Sarai when And thee. pleaseth it as her to do hand; thine in is maid thy Behold, Sarai, unto said Abram But
thee. and me between judge Lord the eyes: her in despised was I conceived, had she that saw she when and bosom; thy into maid my given have I thee: upon be wrong My Abram, unto said Sarai And
eyes. her in despised was mistress her conceived, had she that saw she when and conceived: she and Hagar, unto in went he And
wife. his be to Abram husband her to her gave and Canaan, of land the in years ten dwelt had Abram after Egyptian, the maid her Hagar took wife Abram's Sarai And
Sarai. of voice the to hearkened Abram And her. by children obtain may I that be may it maid; my unto in go thee, pray I bearing: from me restrained hath Lord the now, Behold Abram, unto said Sarai And
Hagar. was name whose Egyptian, an handmaid, an had she and children: no him bare wife Abram's Sarai Now
Jebusites. the and Girgashites, the and Canaanites, the and Amorites, the And
Rephaims, the and Perizzites, the and Hittites, the And
Kadmonites, the and Kenizzites, the and Kenites, The
Euphrates: river the river, great the unto Egypt of river the from land, this given I have seed thy Unto saying, Abram, with covenant a made Lord the day same the In
pieces. those between passed that lamp burning a and furnace, smoking a behold dark, was it and down, went sun the when that, pass, to came it And
full. yet not is Amorites the of iniquity the for again: hither come shall they generation fourth the in But
age. old good a in buried be shalt thou peace; in fathers thy to go shalt thou And
substance. great with out come they shall afterward and judge: I will serve, shall they whom nation, that also And
years; hundred four them afflict shall they and them; serve shall and theirs, not is that land a in stranger a be shall seed thy that surety a of Know Abram, unto said he And
him. upon fell darkness great of horror an lo, and, Abram; upon fell sleep deep a down, going was sun the when And
away. them drove Abram carcases, the upon down came fowls the when And
not. he divided birds the but another: against one piece each laid and midst, the in them divided and these, all him unto took he And
pigeon. young a and turtledove, a and old, years three of ram a and old, years three of goat she a and old, years three of heifer an me Take him, unto said he And
it? inherit shall I that know I shall whereby God, Lord said, he And
it. inherit to land this thee give to Chaldees, the of Ur of out thee brought that Lord the am I him, unto said he And
righteousness. for him to it counted he and ; Lord the in believed he And
be. seed thy shall So him, unto said he and them: number to able be thou if stars, the tell and heaven, toward now Look said, and abroad, forth him brought he And
heir. thine be shall bowels own thine of out forth come shall that he but heir; thine be not shall This saying, him, unto came Lord the of word the behold, And,
heir. mine is house my in born one lo, and, seed: no given hast thou me to Behold, said, Abram And
Damascus? of Eliezer this is house my of steward the and childless, go I seeing me, give thou wilt what God, Lord said, Abram And
reward. great exceeding thy and shield, thy am I Abram: not, Fear saying, vision, a in Abram unto came Lord the of word the things these After
portion. their take them let Mamre; and Eshcol, Aner, me, with went which men the of portion the and eaten, have men young the which that only Save
rich: Abram made have I say, shouldest thou lest thine, is that thing any take not will I that and shoelatchet, a to even thread a from take not will I That
earth, and heaven of possessor the God, high most the , Lord the unto hand mine up lift have I Sodom, of king the to said Abram And
thyself. to goods the take and persons, the me Give Abram, unto said Sodom of king the And
all. of tithes him gave he And hand. thy into enemies thine delivered hath which God, high most the be blessed And
earth: and heaven of possessor God, high most the of Abram be Blessed said, and him, blessed he And
God. high most the of priest the was he and wine: and bread forth brought Salem of king Melchizedek And
dale. king's the is which Shaveh, of valley the at him, with were that kings the of and Chedorlaomer, of slaughter the from return his after him meet to out went Sodom of king the And
people. the and also, women the and goods, his and Lot, brother his again brought also and goods, the all back brought he And
Damascus. of hand left the on is which Hobah, unto them pursued and them, smote and night, by servants, his and he them, against himself divided he And
Dan. unto them pursued and eighteen, and hundred three house, own his in born servants, trained his armed he captive, taken was brother his that heard Abram when And
Abram. with confederate were these and Aner: of brother and Eshcol, of brother Amorite, the Mamre of plain the in dwelt he for Hebrew; the Abram told and escaped, had that one came there And
departed. and goods, his and Sodom, in dwelt who son, brother's Abram's Lot, took they And
way. their went and victuals, their all and Gomorrah, and Sodom of goods the all took they And
mountain. the to fled remained that they and there; fell and fled, Gomorrah and Sodom of kings the and slimepits; of full was Siddim of vale the And
five. with kings four Ellasar; of king Arioch and Shinar, of king Amraphel and nations, of king Tidal with and Elam, of king the Chedorlaomer With
Siddim; of vale the in them with battle joined they and Zoar;) is same (the Bela of king the and Zeboiim, of king the and Admah, of king the and Gomorrah, of king the and Sodom, of king the out went there And
Hazezontamar. in dwelt that Amorites, the also and Amalekites, the of country the all smote and Kadesh, is which Enmishpat, to came and returned, they And
wilderness. the by is which Elparan, unto Seir, mount their in Horites the And
Kiriathaim, Shaveh in Emins the and Ham, in Zuzims the and Karnaim, Ashteroth in Rephaims the smote and him, with were that kings the and Chedorlaomer, came year fourteenth the in And
rebelled. they year thirteenth the in and Chedorlaomer, served they years Twelve
sea. salt the is which Siddim, of vale the in together joined were these All
Zoar. is which Bela, of king the and Zeboiim, of king Shemeber and Admah, of king Shinab Gomorrah, of king Birsha with and Sodom, of king Bera with war made these That
nations; of king Tidal and Elam, of king Chedorlaomer Ellasar, of king Arioch Shinar, of king Amraphel of days the in pass to came it And
. Lord the unto altar an there built and Hebron, in is which Mamre, of plain the in dwelt and came and tent, his removed Abram Then
thee. unto it give will I for it; of breadth the in and it of length the in land the through walk Arise,
numbered. be also seed thy shall then earth, the of dust the number can man a if that so earth: the of dust the as seed thy make will I And
ever. for seed thy to and it, give I will thee to seest, thou which land the all For
westward: and eastward, and southward, and northward, art thou where place the from look and eyes, thine now up Lift him, from separated was Lot that after Abram, unto said Lord the And
exceedingly. Lord the before sinners and wicked were Sodom of men the But
Sodom. toward tent his pitched and plain, the of cities the in dwelled Lot and Canaan, of land the in dwelled Abram
other. the from one the themselves separated they and east: journeyed Lot and Jordan; of plain the all him chose Lot Then
Zoar. unto comest thou as Egypt, of land the like , Lord the of garden the as even Gomorrah, and Sodom destroyed Lord the before where, every watered well was it that Jordan, of plain the all beheld and eyes, his up lifted Lot And
left. the to go will I then hand, right the to depart thou if or right; the to go will I then hand, left the take wilt thou if me: from thee, pray I thyself, separate thee? before land whole the not Is
brethren. be we for herdmen; thy and herdmen my between and thee, and me between thee, pray I strife, no be there Let Lot, unto said Abram And
land. the in then dwelled Perizzite the and Canaanite the and cattle: Lot's of herdmen the and cattle Abram's of herdmen the between strife a was there And
together. dwell not could they that so great, was substance their for together: dwell might they that them, bear to able not was land the And
tents. and herds, and flocks, had Abram, with went which also, Lot And
. Lord the of name the on called Abram there and first: the at there make had he which altar, the of place the Unto
Hai; and Bethel between beginning, the at been had tent his where place the unto Bethel, to even south the from journeys his on went he And
gold. in and silver, in cattle, in rich very was Abram And
south. the into him, with Lot and had, he that all and wife, his and he, Egypt, of out up went Abram And
had. he that all and wife, his and away, him sent they and him: concerning men his commanded Pharaoh And
way. thy go and her, take wife, thy behold therefore now wife: to me to her taken have might I so sister? my is She thou, saidst Why
wife? thy was she that me tell not thou didst why me? unto done hast thou that this is What said, and Abram called Pharaoh And
wife. Abram's Sarai of because plagues great with house his and Pharaoh plagued Lord the And
camels. and asses, she and maidservants, and menservants, and asses, he and oxen, and sheep, had he and sake: her for well Abram entreated he And
house. Pharaoh's into taken was woman the and Pharaoh: before her commended and her, saw Pharaoh of also princes The
fair. very was she that woman the beheld Egyptians the Egypt, into come was Abram when that, pass, to came it And
thee. of because live shall soul my and sake; thy for me with well be may it that sister: my art thou thee, pray I Say,
